TICKER: A
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain operations for our businesses through the order fulfillment and supply chain organization ("OFS"). OFS provides resources for manufacturing, engineering and strategic sourcing to our respective businesses. Each of our businesses, together with OFS, is supported by our global infrastructure organization, which provides shared services in the areas of finance, information technology, legal, certain procurement services, workplace services and human resources. 3 Table of Contents We sell our products primarily through direct sales, but we also utilize distributors, resellers, manufacturers' representatives and electronic commerce. As of October 31, 2025, we employed approximately 18,100 people worldwide. Our primary research and development and manufacturing sites are in California, Colorado, Delaware, Massachusetts, Texas and Vermont in the U.S. and in Australia, Canada, China, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Japan, Malaysia, Singapore and the United Kingdom. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets Our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment is comprised of seven areas of activity. We provide active pharmaceutical ingredients for oligo-based therapeutics as well as solutions that include reagents, instruments, software and consumables, which enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level. First, our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry businesses enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the molecular and cellular level. Second, our cell analysis business includes instruments, reagents, software, and labware associated with unique live-cell analysis platforms in addition to mainstream flow cytometers, plate-readers, and plate washers/dispensers which are used across a broad range of applications. Third, our specialty contract development and manufacturing organization ("CDMO") business provides services related to and the production of synthesized oligonucleotides under pharmaceutical good manufacturing practices conditions for use as active pharmaceutical ingredients in a class of drugs that utilize nucleic acid molecules for disease therapy. BIOVECTRA capabilities include microbial fermentation, bioreagents, highly potent active pharmaceutical ingredients, peptide purification and biomanufacturing capabilities in several nucleic acid modalities. Together, our BIOVECTRA and nucleic acid solutions businesses comprise our specialty CDMO offerings to our customers providing clinical-to-commercial scale production capabilities. Fourth, our pathology solutions business is focused on product offerings for cancer diagnostics and anatomic pathology workflows. The broad portfolio of offerings includes immunohistochemistry, in situ hybridization, hematoxylin and eosin staining and special staining. This business further provides clinical flow cytometry reagents for routine cancer diagnostics. This business also provides bulk antibodies as raw materials and associated assay development services to in vitro diagnostics manufacturers, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Fifth, we also collaborate with several major pharmaceutical companies to develop new potential tissue pharmacodiagnostics, also known as companion diagnostics, which may be used to identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. Sixth, our genomics business includes reagents to support next-generation sequencing workflows and arrays. This business also includes solutions that enable clinical labs to identify DNA variants associated with genetic disease and help direct cancer therapy. Finally, our biomolecular analysis business provides complete workflow solutions, including instruments, consumables and software, for quality control analysis of nucleic acid samples. Samples are analyzed using quantitative and qualitative techniques to ensure accuracy in further genomics analysis techniques including next-generation sequencing, utilized in clinical and life science research applications. We employed approximately 6,300 people as of October 31, 2025 in our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Key End Markets Our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment sells primarily into the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical, diagnostics and clinical and academic and government markets. We also sell in the applied markets: chemicals and advanced materials, food and environmental and forensics. The Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical Market. This market consists of "for-profit" companies which participate across the pharmaceutical value chain in the areas of therapeutic research and discovery, preclinical efficacy, pharmacokinetic, safety testing, clinical trials, therapeutic manufacturing, quality assurance and quality control. Within the pharmaceutical market, a sub-segment of customers are focused on small molecule drugs known as new chemical entities and small molecule active pharmaceutical ingredients. Another sub-segment of the market is our biopharmaceutical customers, who are focused on biologic entities or biosimilar drugs for human or animal use. This biopharmaceutical classification also includes customers that manufacture biological components and/or biological active ingredients. Biologic drug components and active ingredients include monoclonal antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, fusion or recombinant proteins, therapeutic proteins (e.g., cytokines and insulin), peptides, oligonucleotides, cell and gene therapy and vaccines. Additionally, due to the rapid development of novel targeted therapeutic modalities and the need for improved efficacy and patient stratification in the field of oncology, pharmaceutical companies are partnering with diagnostic companies to bring validated tests to the market with their new drugs. Our primary focus is on biopharmaceutical companies working with advanced therapeutic modalities (e.g., cell and gene therapies) where we provide a suite of research tools and companion diagnostic development services. Additionally, we provide active pharmaceutical ingredient contract development and manufacturing services for oligonucleotide-based therapeutic modalities. 4 Table of Contents Through our contract development and manufacturing organization business, we offer our pharmaceutical customers specialized manufacturing capabilities for targeted therapeutics, including the production of antibody drug conjugates, high potency active pharmaceutical ingredients, and active pharmaceutical ingredients via microbial fermentation. Our nucleic acid solutions and BIOVECTRA businesses are able to deliver a single source for gene editing therapeutics. Our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry businesses provide instruments that enable customers performing life sciences and pharmaceutical research to interrogate biologically relevant metabolites, lipids, protein, and cellular systems to understand fundamental biological processes, as well as the underlying mechanisms of cancer and other disease initiation and progression. The goal is to use this information to develop new therapeutic strategies and drugs as well as new diagnostic tests. Our mass spectrometry technologies are employed by researchers to identify and quantify individual or whole classes of metabolites, lipids, or proteins involved in basic cellular processes and elucidate those which are quantitatively or qualitatively altered in disease states, as well as to identify those which may be useful as biomarkers for a disease. The Diagnostics and Clinical Market. The diagnostics and clinical market focus within the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment is to provide instruments, software, reagents, and consumables that enable customers to perform clinical research and routine testing. Our high-quality, automated pathology tissue staining platforms and solutions are used most heavily by the large labs located in hospitals, medical centers, and reference labs. The market focus is on mature economies primarily in North America, Western Europe and Japan. The mix is changing, however, as emerging markets increase spending on human health. The clinical market for our genomics business consists of high complexity clinical labs performing patient testing, including "for-profit" reference laboratories, hospital labs, and molecular diagnostic companies. While some labs purchase in vitro diagnostics labeled testing kits, others often develop and validate their own molecular based tests. Analyte specific reagents are often used by these labs. Our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry businesses provide instruments that enable customers performing clinical research to interrogate biologically relevant metabolites, lipids, protein, and cellular systems to understand fundamental biological processes, as well as the underlying mechanisms of cancer and other disease initiation and progression. The goal is to use this information to develop new therapeutic strategies and drugs as well as new diagnostic tests. The Academic and Government Market. This market consists primarily of "not-for-profit" organizations and includes academic institutions, large government institutes and privately funded organizations. The academic and government market plays an influential role in technology adoption and therapeutic developments for pharmaceutical and molecular diagnostics companies. Our Seahorse, xCELLigence, Novocyte, and BioTek platform technologies are used both stand-alone and in conjunction with mass spectrometry to understand underlying cellular physiology and interactions in normal and diseased states, as well to help understand how new drugs and therapies alter the composition, function, or interaction of cells. In addition, our XCELLigence and Novocyte technologies can be used to characterize and quantify immune cell response (for example cytotoxicity). The Chemicals and Advanced Materials Market. Our products and solutions are used throughout the chemicals sector in the development, manufacturing, and quality control of commodity chemicals, specialty and agrochemicals, and fine chemicals. Chemical market customers use our products to maintain, optimize, and enable higher productivity and profitability for labs, and support quality control and compliance with environmental and safety regulations. The upstream petroleum exploration and refining markets use our products to analyze natural gas, crude oil composition, perform intermediate material analysis, verify and improve refining processes and ensure the overall quality of gasoline, fuels, lubricants and other products. Additionally, our products are used to support the testing for safety, quality, and compliance across the value chains of advanced materials – including semiconductors, batteries, and specially engineered polymers and polymeric materials. The Food Market. Our instruments and workflow solutions are used throughout the food production chain, including incoming inspection, new product development, quality control and assurance, and packaging. For example, our mass spectrometer portfolio is used to analyze contaminants and residual pesticides in food. There is also a significant food safety market involved in analyzing food for pathogen contamination, accurate verification of species type and evidence of genetically modified content. The Environmental and Forensics Market. Our instruments, software and workflow solutions are used by the environmental market for applications such as laboratory and field analysis of regulated and unregulated chemical pollutants in air, water, soil and solid waste. Environmental industry customers include all levels of government, the industrial and manufacturing sectors, engineering and consulting companies, commercial testing laboratories, public and private utilities and colleges and universities. Drug testing and forensics laboratories use our instruments, software and workflow solutions for applications such as analyzing evidence associated with crime, screening athletes for performance enhancing drugs, analyzing samples for recreational drugs, or detecting and identifying biological and chemical warfare agents. Some of our instruments are used in mobile laboratories as well. Customers include local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies and 5 Table of Contents health laboratories. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Products and Applications Our products fall into these main areas of work: liquid chromatography  systems and components, liquid chromatography mass spectrometry systems, pathology, cell analysis, companion diagnostics, genomics, contract development and manufacturing organization and biomolecular analysis. Liquid Chromatography A liquid chromatograph, high-performance liquid chromatograph or ultra-high performance liquid chromatograph is used to separate molecules of a liquid mixture to determine the quantity and identity of the molecules present. The Agilent liquid chromatography portfolio is largely modular in construction and can be configured as analytical and preparative systems. These systems can be stepwise upgraded to highly sophisticated, automated workflow solutions such as method development, multi‑method/walk-up, high-capacity/high-throughput or multi‑dimensional liquid chromatography and can be extended to application‑based analyzers (e.g., for bio-molecular separations, chiral analysis or size exclusion chromatography). As a leader in liquid chromatography, we continue to expand our application space with new high-performance liquid chromatograph columns, new services and ongoing instrument and software product enhancements. Liquid Chromatography Mass Spectrometry A mass spectrometer identifies and quantifies compounds based on their molecular mass and characteristic patterns of fragment ion masses that result when a molecule is broken apart. A mass spectrometer is an important tool in analyzing a broad spectrum of analytes, from small molecules, such as pesticides, to large molecules, such as intact proteins and other biological entities. Liquid chromatography is commonly used to separate compounds and introduce them to the mass spectrometer system. Our liquid chromatography mass spectrometry portfolio includes instruments built around four main analyzer types - single quadrupole, triple quadrupole, time-of-flight and quadrupole time-of-flight. We significantly expanded our mass spectrometry portfolio in recent years with a focus on improving performance, sensitivity, precision, robustness, ease of use and onboard intelligence. Pathology This area consists of routine clinical solutions for tissue-based cancer diagnostics with solutions that comprise antibodies, reagents, instruments and software targeting both primary and advanced cancer diagnostics. Our CoverStainer and Artisan based product families target primary cancer diagnostics through hematoxylin and eosin staining as well as special stains for additional insights and detection of potentially carcinogenic tissue. Dako Omnis and Autostainer based immunohistochemistry solution and instant quality fluorescence in situ hybridization technologies provide advanced tumor typing through investigation of protein and gene expression. These products also include companion diagnostic tests that are used to help identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. Our bulk antibodies business partners with in vitro diagnostics manufacturers, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies by offering antibodies as raw materials and a range of associated assay development services and solutions. We operate in several areas of clinical relevance for the customers and address multiple technologies such as turbidimetry, gel techniques and chemiluminescence immunoassays. In the area of flow cytometry reagents we provide reagents and kits directly to clinical laboratories working in routine cancer diagnostics, with particular focus on blood cancers. Cell Analysis Our cell analysis tools are used to study cell signaling pathways, general cell function and behavior through metabolic profile analysis, real-time cellular impedance measurements, and traditional cytometry techniques. Characterizing cellular behavior and function is an increasingly critical step in understanding normal behavior versus diseased states, advancements of those diseases, and response to therapies, providing researchers with a more targeted approach for drug discovery and ultimately more effective therapeutics. Our cell analysis portfolio includes cell analysis plate-based assays, flow cytometer, real-time cell analyzer, microplate reader, cell imaging system and related consumables. 6 Table of Contents Companion Diagnostics In our companion diagnostics business, we partner with several major pharmaceutical companies to develop new potential pharmacodiagnostics, which may be used to identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. We support pharmaceutical companies during each phase of their drug development process, from early pre-clinical through commercial launch activities. Companion diagnostics has a history of developing clinically relevant and validated tests, with accurate and effective scoring and interpretation guidelines, that enable successful regulatory approvals in our worldwide markets. Genomics We provide a next-generation sequencing target enrichment portfolio which enables customers to select specific target regions of the genome for sequencing. Customers can customize our products for their regions of interest including gene panels for specific applications and exome designs, which allow analysis of the entire coding sequences of the genome. We provide microarrays for comparative genomic hybridization, mostly used by customers in cytogenetic laboratories. The arrays allow customers to detect genome-wide copy number alterations with high levels of resolution (from entire chromosomal copy number changes to specific microdeletions or duplications). Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization Our contract development and manufacturing organization business provides equipment and expertise focused on mid to large scale production of synthesized oligonucleotide active pharmaceutical ingredients under pharmaceutical good manufacturing practices conditions for a class of drugs that utilize oligonucleotide molecules for disease therapy. These drugs have advanced from single strand DNA molecules to complex, highly modified molecules including antisense, aptamers, double-stranded RNA, and guide RNA. These advancements in technology have greatly improved the efficacy of delivery and stability of the oligos in-vivo. Our nucleic acid solutions business offers industry leading experience to efficiently advance our customers' oligo drug candidates from clinical trials to commercial scale volumes with a common goal of patient health and safety. We offer our pharmaceutical customers even more specialized manufacturing capabilities for targeted therapeutics. Together, our BIOVECTRA and nucleic acid solutions businesses provide clinical-to-commercial scale production capabilities. Biomolecular Analysis Automated electrophoresis is a separation technique for biomolecules such as proteins, peptides and nucleic acids (RNA and DNA) and is used to determine the identity of a molecule by either size or charge. It is widely used as a quality control tool to check sample integrity prior to subsequent analysis. Prominent examples are nucleic acid preparation products in front of polymerase chain reaction, next-generation sequencing and microarrays. More recently, quality control based on automated electrophoresis products has become essential throughout in-vitro transcription mRNA workflows, including vaccine development and therapeutics. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Customers We had approximately 22,200 customers for our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment in fiscal year 2025. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Sales, Marketing and Support We deploy a multi-channel approach, marketing products to our customers through direct sales, electronic commerce, resellers, manufacturers' representatives and distributors. We primarily use direct sales to market our solutions to customer accounts. Sales agents supplement direct sales by providing broader geographic coverage and coverage of smaller accounts. Our active reseller program augments our ability to provide more complete solutions to our customers. We sell our consumables products through distributors, electronic commerce and direct sales. 7 Table of Contents Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets  - Manufacturing Our manufacturing supports our diverse product range and customer-centric focus. We assemble highly configurable products to individual customer orders and make standard products to stock. We employ advanced manufacturing techniques and supply chain management systems to reduce costs and manufacturing cycle times. We selectively use third parties to provide some supply chain processes for manufacturing, warehousing and logistics. In the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in California, Colorado, Delaware, Iowa, Massachusetts, Texas and Vermont. Outside of the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in Canada, China, Denmark, Germany, Malaysia and Singapore. Our FDA registered sites include California, Colorado, Texas, Vermont, Canada, Denmark and Germany. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Competition The analytical product sets in the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets in which we compete are characterized by evolving industry standards and intense competition. Our principal competitors in the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets arena include: AB Sciex., a division of Danaher Corporation, Avecia, a division of Nitto Denko, Bruker, Inc., Leica Biosystems, Inc., a division of Danaher Corporation, Roche Ventana Medical Systems, Inc., a member of the Roche Group, Shimadzu Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Twist Bioscience Corporation and Waters Corporation. We compete on the basis of product performance, reliability, support quality, applications expertise, whole solution offering, global channel coverage and price. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Government Regulation Some of the products the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment sells are subject to regulatory approval by the FDA and other regulatory bodies throughout the world. These regulations govern a wide variety of product related activities, from quality management, design and development to labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. We continually invest in our manufacturing infrastructure to gain and maintain certifications necessary for the level of clearance. Agilent CrossLab Our Agilent CrossLab segment provides an extensive services and consumables portfolio that spans the entire lab, in addition to software and laboratory automation solutions, which are designed to improve customer outcomes and represents a broad range of offerings designed to serve customer needs across end-markets and applications. Our services portfolio includes repairs, parts, maintenance, installations, training, compliance support, software as a service, asset management, consulting and various other custom services to support the customers' laboratory operations. Custom services are tailored to meet the specific application needs of various industries and to keep instruments fully operational and compliant with the respective industry requirem ents. Our consumables portfolio is designed to improve customer outcomes. Most of the portfolio is vendor neutral, meaning we can serve and supply customers regardless of their instrument purchase choices. Solutions range from chemistries to supplies. Key product categories in consumables include gas chromatography and liquid chromatography columns, sample preparation products, custom chemistries, and a large selection of laboratory supplies. Software and informatics solutions include software for instrument control, data acquisition, data analysis, secure storage of results, and laboratory information and workflow management. This software facilitates the compliant use of instruments in pharmaceutical quality assurance and quality control environments. The OpenLab laboratory software suite is a scalable, open software platform that enables customers to capture, analyze, and share scientific data throughout the lab and across the enterprise. Laboratory automation offers automated sample preparation solutions, including liquid handling, plate management, consumables and scheduling software. These solutions range from standalone automation platforms to integrated workflow solutions with seamless integration to our instrumentation. Our Agilent CrossLab segment employed approximately 7,400 people as of October 31, 2025. Agilent CrossLab - Key End Markets The Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical Market . This market consists of “for-profit” companies which participate across the pharmaceutical value chain in the areas of therapeutic research and discovery, preclinical efficacy, pharmacokinetic, safety testing, clinical trials, therapeutic manufacturing, quality assurance and quality control. Within the pharmaceutical market, a sub-segment of customers are focused on small molecule drugs known as new chemical entities and small molecule active pharmaceutical ingredients. Another sub-segment of the market is our biopharmaceutical customers, who are focused on biologic entities or biosimilar drugs for human or animal use. This biopharmaceutical classification also includes customers that manufacture biological components and/or biological active ingredients. Biologic drug components and active ingredients 8 Table of Contents include monoclonal antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, fusion or recombinant proteins, therapeutic proteins (e.g., cytokines and insulin), peptides, oligonucleotides, cell and gene therapy and vaccines. Additionally, due to the rapid development of novel targeted therapeutic modalities and the need for improved efficacy and patient stratification in the field of oncology, pharmaceutical companies are partnering with diagnostic companies to bring validated tests to the market with their new drugs. The Academic and Government Market. W e support customers in this market that consist primarily of "not-for-profit" organizations and include academic institutions, large government institutes and privately funded organizations. The academic and government market plays an influential role in technology adoption and therapeutic developments for pharmaceutical and molecular diagnostics companies. The Chemicals and Advanced Materials Market. Our services, consumables, software and technical support are used throughout the chemicals sector in the development, manufacturing, and quality control of commodity chemicals, specialty and agrochemicals, and fine chemicals. Chemical market customers use our services, consumables, software and technical support to maintain, optimize, and enable higher productivity and profitability for labs, and support quality control and compliance with environmental and safety regulations. The upstream petroleum exploration and refining markets use our services, software and technical support to analyze natural gas, crude oil composition, perform intermediate material analysis, verify and improve refining processes and ensure overall quality of gasoline, fuels, lubricants and other products. Additionally, our services, consumables, software and technical support are used to support the testing for safety, quality, and compliance across the value chains of advanced materials – including semiconductors, batteries, and specially engineered polymers and polymeric materials, minerals and metals, thin film & optics, consumer products and packing materials – from the upstream raw materials, materials production, and final products to the end markets and recycling. The Environmental and Forensics Market. We support the environmental industry customers that perform laboratory and field analysis of chemical pollutants in air, water, soil and solid waste. Environmental industry customers include all levels of government, the industrial and manufacturing sectors, engineering and consulting companies, commercial testing laboratories and colleges and universities. We also support drug testing and forensics laboratories that are involved with analyzing evidence associated with crime, screening athletes for performance enhancing drugs, analyzing samples for recreational drugs, or detecting and identifying biological and chemical warfare agents. Customers include local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies and commercial testing laboratories. The Food Market. We support the food production chain, including incoming inspection, new product development, quality control and assurance, and packaging. Our services also support the food safety market in their work to analyze food for concerns ranging from pathogen contamination and genetic modification to species verification and others. Agilent CrossLab - Products and Applications Services and Support We offer a wide range of startup, operational, educational and compliance support services for our measurement and data handling systems. Our support services include maintenance, troubleshooting, repair and training for all of our chemical and bioanalytical instrumentation hardware and software products. With advances in digital and virtual support technologies, many of those services can be offered remotely. Special service bundles have also been designed to meet the specific application needs of various industries. As customers continue to outsource laboratory operations and consolidate suppliers, our enterprise services consist of a broad portfolio of integrated laboratory management services including instrument services, lab supply management, asset management, procurement, informatics and scientific services. Advancements in our offering of software and service solutions will help our customers more efficiently operate a digitally connected smart lab that can derive value out of data analytics, artificial intelligence and robotics. Chemistries and Supplies We offer a broad range of market specific consumables and supplies to complete customers' analytical workflows from sample preparation through separation and analysis to storage, with the support of our technology platforms. This includes sample preparation consumables such as solid phase extraction and filtration products, self-manufactured gas chromatography and liquid chromatography columns, together with chemical standards. Consumables products also include proprietary scientific instrument parts and supplies such as filters and fittings for gas chromatography and liquid chromatography systems; lamps and cuvettes for ultraviolet visible near infrared, fluorescence, fourier transform infrared and raman spectroscopy instruments; and graphite furnace tubes, hollow cathode lamps and specialized sample introduction glassware for our atomic 9 Table of Contents absorption, inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry and inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry products. Software and Informatics We provide informatics and scientific software for instrument control, data acquisition, data analysis, secure storage of results, and laboratory information/workflow management. Our software facilitates the compliant use of instruments in pharmaceutical quality assurance/quality control environments. With our OpenLab Laboratory Software Suite, Agilent has a scalable, open software platform that enables customers to capture, analyze, and share scientific data throughout the lab and across the enterprise. Laboratory Automation We offer a portfolio of unique sample preparation automated solutions that are key to a comprehensive suite of workflow solutions to our customers. This includes liquid handling, plate management, unique consumables and scheduling software with solutions that range from standalone instrumentation to bench-top automation solutions. These solutions strengthen our offering of automated sample preparation across a broad range of applications which are integrated with several of our analytical and next-generation sequencing platforms across the company. Agilent CrossLab - Customers We had approximately 59,700 Agilent CrossLab customers in fiscal year 2025. A significant number of our Agilent CrossLab customers are also customers of our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets and Applied Markets segments. The service and consumables businesses are  mostly recurring in nature and are less susceptible to market seasonality and industry cycles in comparison to our instrument businesses. The vendor neutral portion of the portfolio allows the business to perform relatively independent from our instrument business. The software business is tied to the installed base and new instrument sales and is somewhat dependent on industry cycles tied to our instrument business.  The automation business is the part of the business that is most tied to general instrument business cycles. Agilent CrossLab - Sales, Marketing and Support We deploy a multi-channel approach, marketing services to our customers through direct sales, electronic commerce, resellers, manufacturers' representatives and distributors. We primarily use direct sales to market our solutions to our large accounts. Sales agents supplement direct sales by providing broader geographic coverage and coverage of smaller accounts. Our active reseller program augments our ability to provide more complete solutions to our customers. Some of our service contract sales are processed by our digital commerce infrastructure. All channels are supported by technical product and application specialists to meet our customers' specific requirements. We deliver our support services to customers in a variety of ways, including on-site assistance with repair or exchange of returned products, as well as a growing number of remote service delivery options. In addition to the traditional telephone support and on-site service, our teams remotely engage customers through various digital tools and omni-channel platforms. We also offer special industry-focused service bundles that are designed to meet the specific needs of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical, advanced materials, environmental and hydrocarbon processing customers to keep instruments fully operational and compliant with the respective industry requirements. Our products typically come with standard warranties, and extended warranties are available for additional cost. Agilent CrossLab -  Manufacturing Our manufacturing supports our diverse product range and customer-centric focus. We assemble highly configurable products to individual customer orders and make standard products to stock. We employ advanced manufacturing techniques and supply chain management systems to reduce costs and manufacturing cycle times. Our manufacturing process then converts these designs into standard as well as custom products for shipment to customers. We selectively use third parties to provide some supply chain processes for manufacturing, warehousing and logistics. Inside the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in California, Delaware and Rhode Island. Outside of the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in Germany, Netherlands, Singapore and the United Kingdom. In addition, our direct service delivery organization is regionally based and operating in 28 countries. 10 Table of Contents Agilent CrossLab - Competition Our principal competitors include many of our competitors from our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets and Applied Markets segments, such as: Danaher Corporation, PerkinElmer Inc., Shimadzu Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and Waters Corporation, as well as numerous niche service providers. We compete on the basis of product performance, reliability, support quality, applications expertise, global channel coverage and price. Applied Markets Our Applied Markets segment provides application-focused solutions that include instruments and software that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical and biological properties of substances and products. Our gas chromatography and gas chromatography mass spectrometry businesses enable customers to perform a wide variety of testing including measuring volatile and semi-volatile contaminants to assess the safety of our foods, quality of water and consumer products while also enabling testing of fuels and purity of chemicals. Our inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry, inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry, atomic absorption and microwave plasma-atomic emission spectrometry instruments are vital for our customers to measure metals and elemental signatures in their samples and find uses in the food safety, environmental quality, chemicals manufacture, advanced materials, energy and forensics markets. Our molecular spectroscopy business including the raman, fluorescence and infrared spectroscopy instruments offer both in-field and in-lab testing solutions in a diverse variety of applications including airport security, explosives testing, narcotics, food quality and chemical characterization. Our vacuum business develops cutting edge products and technologies to test vacuum environments and find uses in a diverse variety of industries including semi-conductor, batteries, chemical manufacturing and advanced materials development. Finally, our remarketed instruments business refurbishes and resells certified pre-owned instruments to value-oriented customers who would like Agilent quality and performance at a budget conscious price. We employed approximately 2,500 people as of October 31, 2025 in our Applied Markets segment. Applied Markets - Key End Markets The Chemicals and Advanced Materials Market .  Our products and solutions are used throughout the chemicals sector in the development, manufacturing, and quality control of commodity chemicals, specialty and agrochemicals, and fine chemicals.  Chemical market customers use our products to determine chemical composition, perform impurity analysis, qualify raw materials, conduct materials characterization, and verify and ensure the environmental safety of operations and employees. The upstream petroleum exploration and refining markets use our products to analyze natural gas, crude oil composition, perform intermediate material analysis, verify and improve refining processes and ensure the overall quality of gasoline, fuels, lubricants and other products. Our products are used to test for safety, quality, and compliance across the value chains of advanced materials – including semiconductors/electronics, batteries, specially engineered polymers and polymeric materials, minerals and metals, thin film & optics, consumer products and packing materials – from the upstream raw materials, materials production, and final products to the end markets and recycling. The Environmental and Forensics Market. Our instruments, software and workflow solution s are used by the environmental market for applications such as laboratory and field analysis of regulated and unregulated chemical pollutants in air, water, soil and solid waste. Environmental industry customers include all levels of government, the industrial and manufacturing sectors, engineering and consulting companies, commercial testing laboratories, public and private utilities and colleges and universities. Drug testing and forensics laboratories use our instruments and software and workflow solutions for applications such as analyzing evidence associated with crime, screening athletes for performance enhancing drugs, analyzing samples for recreational drugs, or detecting and identifying biological and chemical warfare agents. Some of our instruments are used in mobile laboratories as well. Customers include local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies and health laboratories. The Food Market. Our instruments and software solutions are used throughout the food production chain, including incoming inspection, new product development, quality control and assurance, and packaging. For example, our mass spectrometer portfolio is used to analyze contaminants and residual pesticides in food. There is also a significant food safety market involved in analyzing food for pathogen contamination, accurate verification of species type and evidence of genetically modified content. 11 Table of Contents The Academic and Government Market. This market consists primarily of “not-for-profit” organizations and includes academic institutions, large government institutes and privately funded organizations. The academic and government market plays an influential role in technology adoption and therapeutic developments for pharmaceutical and molecular diagnostics companies. The Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical Market. This market consists of “for-profit” companies which participate across the pharmaceutical value chain in the areas of therapeutic research and discovery, preclinical efficacy, pharmacokinetic, safety testing, clinical trials, therapeutic manufacturing, quality assurance and quality control. Within the pharmaceutical market, a sub-segment of customers are focused on small molecule drugs known as new chemical entities and small molecule active pharmaceutical ingredients. Another sub-segment of the market is our biopharmaceutical customers, who are focused on biologic entities or biosimilar drugs for human or animal use. This biopharmaceutical classification also includes customers that manufacture biological components and/or biological active ingredients. Biologic drug components and active ingredients include monoclonal antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, fusion or recombinant proteins, therapeutic proteins (e.g., cytokines and insulin), peptides, oligonucleotides, cell and gene therapy and vaccines. Additionally, due to the rapid development of novel targeted therapeutic modalities and the need for improved efficacy and patient stratification in the field of oncology, pharmaceutical companies are partnering with diagnostic companies to bring validated tests to the market with their new drugs. Applied Markets - Products and Applications Our products fall into the following main areas of work: gas chromatography, mass spectrometry, spectroscopy, vacuum technology and remarketed instruments. Our key products and applications include the following technologies: Gas Chromatography Agilent is the world's leading provider of gas chromatographs, both laboratory and portable models. Gas chromatographs are used to separate any gas, liquid or solid that can be vaporized and then detect the molecules present to determine their identity and quantity. Agilent provides custom or standard analyzers configured for specific chemical analysis applications, such as detailed speciation of a complex hydrocarbon stream, calculation of gas calorific values in the field, or analysis of a new bio-fuel formulation. We also offer related software, accessories and consumables products for these and other similar instruments. Gas Chromatography Mass Spectrometry A mass spectrometer identifies and quantifies compounds based on their molecular mass and characteristic patterns of fragment ion masses that result when a molecule is broken apart. A mass spectrometer is an important tool in analyzing a broad spectrum of analytes, from small molecules, such as pesticides, to large molecules, such as intact proteins and other biological entities. Gas chromatography is commonly used to separate compounds and introduce them to the mass spectrometer system. Our gas chromatography mass spectrometry portfolio includes instruments built around three main analyzer types - single quadrupole, triple quadrupole, and quadrupole time-of-flight. We significantly expanded our mass spectrometry portfolio in recent years with a focus on improving performance, sensitivity, precision, robustness, ease of use and onboard intelligence. Spectroscopy Spectroscopy is a technique for analyzing the individual chemical components of substances based on the absorption or emission of electromagnetic radiation of specific wavelengths of light. Our spectroscopy instruments include atomic absorption spectrometers, microwave plasma-atomic emission spectrometers, inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry, inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry, fluorescence spectrophotometers, ultraviolet-visible spectrophotometers, fourier transform infrared spectrometers, near-infrared spectrometers, raman spectrometers and sample automation products. We also offer related software, accessories and consumables products for these and other similar instruments. 12 Table of Contents Vacuum Technology Our vacuum technologies products are used to create, control, measure and test vacuum environments in life science, industrial and scientific applications where ultra-clean, high-vacuum environments are needed. Vacuum technologies' customers are typically OEMs that manufacture equipment for these applications, or government and research organizations that require vacuum solutions in their facilities. Products include a wide range of high and ultra-high vacuum pumps (diffusion, turbo molecular and ion getter), primary vacuum pumps (rotary vane and dry scroll), vacuum instrumentation (vacuum control instruments, sensor gauges and meters) and vacuum components (valves, flanges and other mechanical hardware). These products also include helium mass spectrometry and helium-sensing leak detection instruments used to identify and measure leaks in hermetic or vacuum environments. In addition to product sales, we also offer a wide range of services including an exchange and rebuild program, assistance with the design and integration of vacuum systems, applications support and training in basic and advanced vacuum technologies. Remarketed Instruments We refurbish and resell certified pre-owned instruments to value-oriented customers who would like Agilent quality and performance at a budget conscious price. Applied Markets - Customers We had approximately 17,200 customers for our Applied Markets segment in fiscal year 2025. A significant number of our Applied Markets customers are also customers of our Agilent CrossLab segment. Applied Markets -  Sales, Marketing and Support We deploy a multi-channel approach, marketing products to our customers through direct sales, electronic commerce, resellers, manufacturers' representatives and distributors. We primarily use direct sales to market our solutions to our pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, life science research and applied market accounts. Sales agents supplement direct sales by providing broader geographic coverage and coverage of smaller accounts. Our active reseller program augments our ability to provide more complete solutions to our customers. We sell our consumables products through distributors, electronic commerce and direct sales. Our products typically come with standard warranties, and extended warranties are available for additional cost. Applied Markets - Manufacturing Our manufacturing supports our diverse product range and customer-centric focus. We assemble highly configurable products to individual customer orders and make standard products to stock. We employ advanced manufacturing techniques and supply chain management systems to reduce costs and manufacturing cycle times. Our manufacturing process then converts these designs into standard as well as custom products for shipment to customers. We selectively use third parties to provide some supply chain processes for manufacturing, warehousing and logistics. Inside the U.S., we have a manufacturing facility in Delaware. Outside of the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in Australia, China, Italy, Malaysia, and Singapore. Applied Markets - Competition The markets for analytical instruments in which we compete are characterized by evolving industry standards and intense competition. Our principal competitors in the applied markets arena include: Danaher Corporation, PerkinElmer Inc., Shimadzu Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and Waters Corporation. We compete on the basis of product performance, reliability, support quality, applications expertise, global channel coverage and price. Global Infrastructure Organization We provide support to our business segments through our global infrastructure organization. This support includes services in the areas of finance, tax, treasury, legal, real estate, insurance services, workplace services, human resources, information technology services, quality and regulatory services, corporate development and other corporate infrastructure expenses. Generally, these organizations are managed from Santa Clara, California, with operations and services provided worldwide. As of October 31, 2025, our global infrastructure organization employed approximately 1,900 people worldwide. 13 Table of Contents Agilent Order Fulfillment Organizations Our order fulfillment and supply chain organization ("OFS") focuses on order fulfillment and supply chain operations in our businesses. OFS provides resources for manufacturing, engineering, logistics, and strategic sourcing to our respective businesses. In general, OFS employees are dedicated to specific businesses and the associated costs are directly allocated to those businesses. The following discussions of Research and Development, Backlog, Intellectual Property, Materials, Environmental, Regulatory Affairs and Human Capital Management include information common to each of our business segments. Research and Development We anticipate that we will continue to have significant research and development expenditures in order to maintain our competitive position with a continuing flow of innovative, high-quality products and services. Our research and development efforts focus on potential new products and product improvements covering a wide variety of technologies, none of which is individually significant to our operations. Our research seeks to improve on various technical competencies in software, systems and solutions. In each of these research fields, we conduct research that is focused on specific product development for release in the short-term as well as other research that is intended to be the foundation for future products over a longer time-horizon. Most of our product development research is designed to improve products already in production, focus on major new product releases, and develop new product segments for the future. We remain committed to invest significantly in research and development and have focused our development efforts on key strategic opportunities to align our business with available markets and position ourselves to capture market share. Backlog We believe that backlog is not a meaningful indicator of future business prospects for our business segments since a significant portion of our revenue for a given quarter is derived from the current quarter's orders. Therefore, we believe that backlog information is not material to an understanding of our business. Intellectual Property We generate patent and other intellectual property rights covering significant inventions and other innovations in order to create a competitive advantage. While we believe that our licenses, patents and other intellectual property rights have value, in general no single license, patent or other intellectual property right is in itself material. In addition, our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or may otherwise not provide significant competitive advantage. Materials Our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets, Agilent CrossLab and Applied Markets segments all purchase materials from thousands of suppliers on a global basis. Some of the parts that require custom design work are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. Our long-term relationships with suppliers allow us to proactively manage technology road maps and product discontinuance plans and monitor their financial health. To address any potential disruption in our supply chain, we use a number of techniques, including qualifying multiple sources of supply and redesign of products for alternative components. In addition, while we generally attempt to keep our inventory at minimal levels, we do purchase incremental inventory as circumstances warrant to protect the supply chain. Environmental Our research and development, manufacturing and distribution operations involve the use of hazardous substances and are regulated under international, federal, state and local laws governing health and safety and the environment. We apply strict standards for protection of the environment and occupational health and safety to sites inside and outside the U.S., even if not subject to regulation imposed by foreign governments. We believe that our properties and operations at our facilities comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and occupational health and safety laws. We are also regulated under a number of international, federal, state, and local laws regarding recycling, product packaging and product content requirements. We believe we are substantially in compliance with such environmental, product content/disposal and recycling laws. We also maintain a comprehensive Environmental Site Liability insurance policy which may cover certain clean-up costs or legal claims related to environmental contamination. This policy covers specified active, inactive and divested locations. 14 Table of Contents Climate change may impact our business by increasing operating costs due to impairments of our facilities and distribution systems, disruptions to our manufacturing processes and additional regulatory requirements. Although we address these potential risks in our business continuity planning, such events could make it difficult for us to deliver products and services to our customers and cause us to incur substantial expense. In addition to monitoring and managing compliance with environmental regulations, we strive to advance our sustainability practices. In 2021, we announced our goal to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.  In 2023, we announced near and long term greenhouse gas emission reduction targets. Regulatory Affairs A number of our products and services are subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and certain similar foreign regulatory agencies. These regulations govern a wide variety of product and service related activities, from quality management, design and development to manufacturing, labeling, promotion, sales and distribution. If we fail to comply with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulations and other applicable regulatory requirements or are perceived to potentially have failed to comply, we may face, among other things, warning letters; adverse publicity; investigations or notices of non-compliance, fines, injunctions, and civil or criminal penalties; import or export restrictions; partial suspensions or total shutdown of production facilities or the imposition of operating restrictions; suspension or revocation of our license to operate; increased difficulty in obtaining required U.S. Food and Drug Administration clearances or approvals or foreign equivalents; seizures or recalls of our products or those of our customers; or the inability to sell our products. In May 2022, the European Union began enforcing the EU In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation, which imposes stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of in vitro diagnostics in the European Union. These regulations are more stringent in a variety of areas, including clinical evidence requirements, quality management systems and post-market surveillance activities. We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenue associated with these customers. We have agreements relating to the sale of our products to government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. We are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. A failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment. We are also subject to various significant international, federal, state and local regulations in the areas of health and safety, packaging, product content, employment, labor and immigration, import/export controls, trade restrictions and anti-competition. In addition, geopolitical instability and evolving trade regulations, including tariffs, sanctions, and export controls, may restrict our ability to ship products globally or source critical components. These developments can increase costs, disrupt supply chains, and require operational adjustments.  A failure to comply with these regulations could result in penalties, loss of export privileges, and reputational harm. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, restrictions on our business conduct and on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our ability to attract and retain employees, our international operations, our business and our operating results. In addition, as a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal, sensitive and/or patient health data in the course of our business. Global privacy laws, including the EU's General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR”), Brazil’s Lei Geral de Protecao de Dados , China's Personal Information Protection Law and Data Security Law, and the California Consumer Privacy Act, apply to our activities involving the processing of personal data, both in relation to our product and service offerings and the management of our workforce. The global proliferation of privacy laws, with governmental authorities around the world passing or considering passing legislative and regulatory proposals concerning privacy and data protection, continues to result in new requirements regarding the handling of personal data, with many such laws imposing significant penalties for non-compliance (including possible fines of up to four percent of total company revenue under the GDPR). Each of these privacy, security and data protection laws and regulations could impose significant limitations and increase our cost of providing our products and services where we process end user personal data and could harm our results of operations and expose us to significant fines, penalties and other damages. While we believe we are in compliance in all material respects with such laws and regulations, any noncompliance could result in substantial fines or otherwise restrict our ability to operate and thereby have an adverse effect on our financial condition. To date, none has had a material impact on our operations. 15 Table of Contents Human Capital Management As of October 31, 2025, we employed approximately 18,100 persons, of whom approximately 7,100 were based in the Americas, 4,400 in Europe and 6,600 in Asia Pacific. We also leverage temporary workers to provide flexibility for our business and manufacturing needs. Mission. Our instruments, software, services, solutions and people provide trusted answers to customers’ most challenging questions. Whether we are working with our customers to keep food supplies safe, improve the quality of air, water and soil, or fight cancer with more precise diagnoses and targeted treatments, our employees share a passion and commitment to advancing the quality of life. We believe that our future success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees in order to fulfill that commitment. Engagement. We engage with our employees through consultation, surveys, ad-hoc feedback and reviews. Our executive officers hold all-managers meetings on a quarterly basis to provide business updates and answer questions. We conduct leadership surveys that allow employees to provide feedback on leadership effectiveness, culture and job satisfaction. We have an open-door policy where employees are encouraged and empowered to bring issues to management’s attention. Employees have regular performance reviews with immediate supervisors. Employee sessions are held regularly to share business and market updates and answer employee questions. People and Culture. As a global company, much of our success is rooted in our commitment to a work culture that values broad perspectives, respect for others, and strong engagement across the company. Agilent is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We believe in a workforce where employees with different perspectives and backgrounds are engaged and encouraged to leverage their collective talents. Retention . We provide our employees with competitive salaries and bonuses, opportunities for equity ownership, development programs that enable continued learning and growth and a robust employment package that promotes well-being across all aspects of their lives, including health care, retirement planning and paid time off. Our benefits are offered to eligible employees and comply with local legal requirements. We have a number of programs and policies designed to help employees in our workforce manage their work and personal lives while meeting company objectives for business success, including flexible work arrangements, health and welfare benefits, employee and family assistance plans and parental leave. Development . As part of our promotion and retention efforts, we also invest in ongoing leadership development for current and rising managers. Training at Agilent takes several forms: face-to-face classroom experiences, on-the-job learning, virtual classroom events and self-paced e-learning. We are committed to providing an environment in which employees can expand their knowledge, develop new skills, and contribute their best work. Our culture of continuous development instills in our employees the behaviors that bring our values to life every day. We encourage our people to stay up-to-date on current research and technology while enhancing their current skills and growing new skills to meet future needs; we also put special emphasis on training managers at all levels to effectively communicate, role model and reinforce our values and culture. Health and Safety. The health and safety of our employees is a top priority for us.  Our environmental, health and safety management system provides a framework for assessing and managing risks relating to health and safety. We ensure managers and employees receive periodic workplace safety training and provide wellness programs that contribute to the productivity, health, and well-being of employees. In addition, our crisis management program includes a global tool that enables us to reach, locate and support employees in travel or in crisis areas. We regularly evaluate and review with senior management the performance of our programs and processes. Community . Each year our employees throughout the world devote thousands of volunteer hours to community service activities. Our employees may take up to six days of paid time off each year for volunteer activities with charities and organizations. We also support a giving program, which provides employees the opportunity to support a broad range of eligible non-profit organizations in their communities in the areas of health and human services, arts and culture, education and literacy, environment and conservation, and family and civic betterment. 16 Table of Contents Information about our Executive Officers The names of our current executive officers and their ages, titles and biographies appear below: Bret DiMarco , 57, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and Chief Legal Officer and Secretary since July 2024. Prior to joining Agilent, he served as the Chief Legal Officer at Pendo.io Incorporated, a privately held company, from September 2022 to June 2024. From June 2006 to July 2022, he held several positions at Coherent, Inc., including Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary until its acquisition by II-VI Incorporated after which he served as a Special Advisor to the President until September 2022. Since September 2004, Mr. DiMarco has been an Adjunct Associate Professor of Law at the University of California College of the Law, San Francisco. From October 2023 to present, Mr. DiMarco has been the Chair of the Nasdaq Exchange Nominating Committee and a member of the Nasdaq Exchange Review Council. Mr. DiMarco was previously a member and associate at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., a multinational law firm. Adam S. Elinoff, 48, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and Chief Financial Officer since November 2025. Prior to joining Agilent, he served as Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer of Amgen Inc. ("Amgen"), a global biotechnology company, from July 2025 to October 2025. Mr. Elinoff joined Amgen in 2006 and has held a series of finance, strategy, and transformation roles of increasing responsibility. From 2023 to July 2025, Mr. Elinoff served as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer. From 2020 to 2023, he served as Regional Chief Financial Officer for Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and Canada. From 2017 to 2020, he served as Executive Director and Head of Corporate Financial Planning and Analysis. Rodney Gonsalves, 60, has served as our Vice President, Corporate Controllership and Chief Accounting Officer since May 2015 and served as our interim Chief Financial Officer from July 2025 to November 2025. From September 2009 to May 2015, Mr. Gonsalves served as Vice President and operational CFO for various business groups within the company. Prior to that, Mr. Gonsalves served in various capacities for Agilent, including as vice president of Investor Relations, controller, corporate governance and customer financing in Agilent’s Global Infrastructure Organization, and controller for the Photonics Systems Business Unit.  Before joining Agilent, Mr. Gonsalves held a variety of positions in finance with Hewlett-Packard Company. Meghan Henson , 56, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and Chief Human Resources Officer since March 2025. Prior to joining Agilent, she served as the Chief People Officer of Aetna Inc., a health insurance company, from August 2023 to October 2024. She also served as Chief Human Resources Officer at Avantor, Inc., a biotechnology, chemicals, and pharmaceutical company, from December 2020 to August 2023, at XPO, Inc., a transportation company, from June 2016 to September 2020, and at Chubb Limited, an insurance company, from January 2013 to April 2016. From November 2004 to January 2013, Ms. Henson held various senior human resources positions at PepsiCo, Inc., a food and beverage company, including Chief Human Resources Officer for Global Functions. Jonah Kirkwood , 45 , has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and Chief Commercial Officer, Commercial Organization since November 2024. From June 2023 to October 2024, Mr. Kirkwood led Agilent's Global Sales organization for Laboratory Solution Sales as well as the Greater China Sales organization. Mr. Kirkwood led our Commercial Marketing and Operations teams from November 2021 to May 2023. Prior to that, he held various positions in Agilent. Mr. Kirkwood first joined Agilent in 2010 with its acquisition of Varian. Simon May , 54, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and President, Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets Group since May 2024. Prior to joining Agilent, he served as Executive Vice President and President of the Life Science Group at Bio-Rad Laboratories ("Bio-Rad") from January 2022 to May 2024. During his 10-year tenure at Bio-Rad, Mr. May held various leadership roles including that of Senior Vice President, General Manager of the Digital Biology Group from January 2020 to December 2021 and as Senior Vice President of Global Commercial Operations from October 2015 to January 2020. Before joining Bio-Rad in 2014, Mr. May held positions at Thermo Fisher Scientific for 10 years. Padraig McDonnell , 54, has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since May 2024.  From February 2024 to May 2024, he served as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and CEO-elect. Mr McDonnell served as Chief Commercial Officer and President, Agilent CrossLab Group from November 2021 to February 2024. From May 2020 to November 2021, he served as Senior Vice President, Agilent and President, Agilent CrossLab Group. From November 2016 to April 2020, he served as our Vice President and General Manager of the Chemistries and Supplies Division. Prior to that, he served as our Vice President and General Manager of EMEAI Laboratory Solutions Sales. Mr. McDonnell has previously held a variety of positions with Agilent and Hewlett-Packard Company. 17 Table of Contents Angelica A. Reimann , 55, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and President, Agilent CrossLab Group since February 2024.  From August 2021 to February 2024, she served as Vice President and General Manager of Agilent CrossLab Services Division. Ms. Riemann served as Vice President and General Manager of the Chemistries and Supplies Division from May 2020 to August 2021. From March 2019 to May 2020, she was Vice President and General Manager of the Chemistries Division. Prior to March 2019, she held leadership roles in the Chemistries Division, Mass Spectrometry Division and the Americas Field Organization sales organization. Mike Zhang, 50 , has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and President, Applied Markets Group since November 2024. From August to November 2024, he served as Vice President and General Manager of the Gas Phase Division within the former Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group. Prior to that, Mr. Zhang was Vice President and General Manager for the Gas Phase Separations Division from January 2020 to August 2024. He previously held various leadership roles in manufacturing over the span of his 22 years at Agilent. He was a manufacturing engineer at Agilent’s Shanghai site from March 2002 to December 2019. He also held various leadership roles in Agilent’s Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain organization and was named global manufacturing manager for gas chromatography operations and general manager of Agilent’s Shanghai site in April 2016. Investor Information We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Therefore, we file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Securities and Exchange Commission maintains an Internet site (https://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. Our financial and other information can be accessed at our Investor Relations website. The address is www.investor.agilent.com. We make available, free of charge on our website, electronic copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws, Corporate Governance Standards, the charters of our Audit and Finance Committee, our Compensation Committee, our Executive Committee and our Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, as well as our Standards of Business Conduct (including code of ethics provisions that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and senior financial officers) are available on our website at www.investor.agilent.com under “Governance.”

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, or at times make advance payments to suppliers, which could impact our ability to adjust our inventory to declining market demands. If demand for our products is less than we expect, we may experience excess and obsolete inventories and be forced to incur additional expenses, which could adversely affect our income. Our business will suffer if we are not able to retain and hire key personnel. Our future success depends partly on the continued service of our key research, engineering, sales, marketing,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partnerships business which include both operating-type lease and sales-type finance lease arrangements. We account for the non-lease component under the revenue recognition ASC 606 guidance and the lease component under the leasing ASC 842 guidance. Diagnostics equipment lease revenue for operating lease agreements is recognized as visualization kits and reagents are shipped over the life of the lease. The cost of customer leased equipment is recorded within property, plant and equipment, and is netted in the consolidated balance sheet with depreciation over the 90 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) equipment’s estimated useful life. For an arrangement that has been classified as a sales-type lease, revenue is recognized when the transfer of control of the underlying leased asset has occurred and the net investment lease has been recorded which is calculated at the present value of the remaining lease payments due from the lessee. Revenue allocated to the lease income for both sales-type finance lease and operating lease rental arrangements represents less than one percent of total net revenue in the years ended October 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of October 31, 2025, the original cost and net book value of operating leased assets were $ 92 million and $ 56 million, respectively. As of October 31, 2025, lease receivables related to sales-type leases were $ 53 million.  As of October 31, 2024, the original cost and net book value of operating leased assets were $ 75 million and $ 50 million, respectively. As of October 31, 2024, lease receivables related to sales-type leases were $ 46 million. 11. GOODWILL AND OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS The following table presents goodwill balances and the movements for each of our reportable segments during the years ended October 31, 2024 and 2025: Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets Agilent Crosslab Applied Markets Total (in millions) Goodwill as of October 31, 2023 $ 2,489 $ 1,166 $ 305 $ 3,960 Foreign currency translation impact ( 15 ) 2 4 ( 9 ) Goodwill arising from acquisitions and adjustments 526 — — 526 Goodwill as of October 31, 2024 $ 3,000 $ 1,168 $ 309 $ 4,477 Foreign currency translation impact 1 — — 1 Goodwill arising from acquisitions and adjustments ( 5 ) — — ( 5 ) Goodwill as of October 31, 2025 $ 2,996 $ 1,168 $ 309 $ 4,473 In the first quarter of fiscal year 2025, we reorganized our operating segments; see Note 22, "Segment Information" for additional information about our segment reorganization. As a result, we used the relative fair value allocation approach to reassign approximately $ 1.274 billion of goodwill from our Applied Markets segment (formerly our Life Sciences and Applied Markets segment) to our Agilent CrossLab and Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segments. Of the $ 1.274 billion goodwill reallocated, $ 365 million was reassigned to Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment and $ 909 million was reassigned to Agilent CrossLab segment. Goodwill balances as of October 31, 2023 and 2024, have been recast to conform to this new presentation. As a result of the reorganization, our reporting units are: Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets, Agilent CrossLab and Applied Markets segments. In addition, we performed a goodwill impairment test as of November 1, 2024, and the results of the analysis indicated that the fair values for all three of our reporting units were in excess of their carrying values by substantial amounts; therefore, no impairment was indicated. As of September 30, 2025, our annual impairment test date, we assessed goodwill for our reporting units, and no impairment of goodwill was indicated. There was no impairment of goodwill in fiscal years 2024 and 2023. 91 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) The component parts of other intangible assets at October 31, 2024 and 2025 are shown in the table below: Other Intangible Assets Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value (in millions) As of October 31, 2024: Purchased technology $ 1,484 $ 1,169 $ 315 Backlog 9 — 9 Trademark/Trade name 199 174 25 Customer relationships 291 107 184 Third-party technology and licenses 33 19 14 Total amortizable intangible assets $ 2,016 $ 1,469 $ 547 As of October 31, 2025: Purchased technology $ 1,484 $ 1,235 $ 249 Backlog 9 2 7 Trademark/Trade name 199 181 18 Customer relationships 289 129 160 Third-party technology and licenses 34 23 11 Total amortizable intangible assets $ 2,015 $ 1,570 $ 445 In fiscal year 2025, we recorded measurement period adjustments to decrease goodwill by $ 5 million primarily to reduce other liabilities and to increase other intangible assets by $ 2 million related to our acquisition of BIOVECTRA. During fiscal year 2025, we purchased $ 1 million of third-party technology and licenses. During fiscal year 2025, there was no change in other intangible assets due to the impact of foreign currency translation. During 2025, we also wrote-off the gross carrying amounts of $ 4 million and the related accumulated amortization of fully amortized intangible assets which were no longer being used. In fiscal year 2024, we recorded additions of $ 526 million to goodwill in our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment and $ 188 million to other intangible assets primarily related to our acquisition of BIOVECTRA and another acquisition. As of October 31, 2024, gross carrying amount of customer relationships includes approximately $ 165 million related to BIOVECTRA which was valued using the multi-period excess earnings method under the income approach which values the customer relationships by discounting the direct cash flow expected to be generated by the customers. During fiscal year 2024, other intangible assets in total decreased $ 5 million due to the impact of foreign currency translation. During 2024, we also wrote-off the gross carrying amounts of $ 18 million and the related accumulated amortization of fully amortized intangible assets which were no longer being used. In general, for United States federal tax purposes, goodwill from asset purchases is amortizable; however, any goodwill created as part of a stock acquisition is not deductible. During both fiscal years 2025 and 2023, there were no impairments of indefinite-lived intangible assets. During fiscal year 2024, we recorded an impairment of in-process research and development of $ 6 million in research and development in the consolidated statement of operations related to a project in our Applied Markets segment. During fiscal years 2025 and 2024, there were no impairments of finite-lived intangible assets recorded. During the third quarter of  fiscal year 2023, we recorded an impairment of finite-lived intangible assets of $ 258 million related to the exit of our Resolution Bioscience business in our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment. Of the $ 258 million, $ 249 million was recorded in cost of sales and $ 9 million was recorded in selling, general and administrative expenses on our consolidated statement of operations. Amortization expense of intangible assets was $ 105 million in 2025, $ 105 million in 2024, and $ 140 million in 2023. 92 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Future amortization expense related to existing finite-lived purchased intangible assets associated with business combinations for the next five fiscal years and thereafter is estimated below: Estimated future amortization expense: (in millions) 2026 $ 75 2027 $ 72 2028 $ 65 2029 $ 61 2030 $ 52 Thereafter $ 120 12. INVESTMENTS The following table summarizes the company's equity investments as of October 31, 2025 and 2024 (net book value): October 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Long-Term Equity investments - without readily determinable fair value $ 55 $ 101 Other investments - with readily determinable fair value 37 31 Trading securities 41 43 Total long-term investments $ 133 $ 175 Equity investments without readily determinable fair value (RDFV) consist of non-marketable equity securities issued by private companies and include VIEs. These investments are accounted for using the measurement alternative at cost adjusting for impairments and observable price changes (orderly transactions for the identical or a similar security from the same issuer). The adjustments are included in net income in the period in which they occur. Other investments with RDFV consist of shares we own in a special fund and are reported at fair value, with gains or losses resulting from changes in fair value included in net income. Trading securities, which are comprised of mutual funds, bonds and other similar instruments, other investments and deferred compensation liability are reported at fair value, with gains or losses resulting from changes in fair value recognized currently in net income. Our investments without RDFV and marketable equity securities with RDFV are subject to periodic impairment review. The impairment analysis requires significant judgment to identify events or circumstances that would likely have a significant adverse effect on the future value of the investment. Gains and losses reflected in other income (expense), net for our equity investments with RDFV and equity investments without RDFV are summarized below: Years Ended October 31, 2025 2024 2023 ( in millions) Net gain (loss) recognized during the period on equity securities $ ( 36 ) $ 6 $ ( 41 ) Less: Net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period 5 — ( 15 ) Unrealized gain (loss) on equity securities held as of the end of the period $ ( 41 ) $ 6 $ ( 26 ) In 2025, unrealized losses on our equity securities without RDFV were $ 39 million. In 2024, unrealized gains on our equity securities without RDFV were $ 1 million. In 2023, unrealized losses on our equity securities without RDFV were $ 26 million. 93 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) In 2025, net unrealized gains on our trading securities were $ 6 million.  In 2024, net unrealized gains were  $ 10 million on our trading securities. In 2023, net unrealized gains were $ 2 million on our trading securities. In 2025 and 2024, we recorded impairments of investments of $ 15 million and $ 11 million, respectively. In 2023, there were no impairments of investments. 13. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS The authoritative guidance defines fair value as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be recorded at fair value, we consider the principal or most advantageous market and assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability. Fair Value Hierarchy The guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the use of inputs used in valuation techniques into three levels. A financial instrument's categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. There are three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: Level 1 — applies to assets or liabilities for which there are quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. Level 2 — applies to assets or liabilities for which there are inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable, either directly or indirectly, for the asset or liability such as: quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar assets or liabilities in less active markets; or other inputs that can be derived principally from, or corroborated by, observable market data. Level 3 — applies to assets or liabilities for which there are unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of the fair value of the assets or liabilities. 94 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of October 31, 2025 were as follows: Fair Value Measurement at October 31, 2025 Using October 31, 2025 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (in millions) Assets: Short-term Cash equivalents (money market funds) $ 1,614 $ 1,614 $ — $ — Derivative instruments (foreign exchange contracts) 14 — 14 — Long-term Trading securities 41 41 — — Other investments 37 — 37 — Total assets measured at fair value $ 1,706 $ 1,655 $ 51 $ — Liabilities: Short-term Derivative instruments (foreign exchange contracts) $ 10 $ — $ 10 $ — Long-term Deferred compensation liability 41 — 41 — Total liabilities measured at fair value $ 51 $ — $ 51 $ — Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of October 31, 2024 were as follows: Fair Value Measurement at October 31, 2024 Using October 31, 2024 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) (in millions) Assets: Short-term Cash equivalents (money market funds) $ 800 $ 800 $ — $ — Derivative instruments (foreign exchange contracts) 14 — 14 — Long-term Trading securities 43 43 — — Other investments 31 — 31 — Total assets measured at fair value $ 888 $ 843 $ 45 $ — Liabilities: Short-term Derivative instruments (foreign exchange contracts) $ 12 $ — $ 12 $ — Long-term Deferred compensation liability 43 — 43 — Total liabilities measured at fair value $ 55 $ — $ 55 $ — Our money market funds and trading securities are generally valued using quoted market prices and therefore are classified within level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Our derivative financial instruments are classified within level 2, as there is not an active market for each hedge contract, but the inputs used to calculate the value of the instruments are tied to active markets. Our deferred compensation liability is classified as level 2 because, although the values are not directly based on quoted market prices, the inputs used in the calculations are observable. 95 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Trading securities, which are comprised of mutual funds, bonds and other similar instruments, other investments and deferred compensation liability are reported at fair value, with gains or losses resulting from changes in fair value recognized currently in net income. Certain derivative instruments are reported at fair value, with unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) within stockholders' equity. Realized gains and losses from the sale of these instruments are recorded in net income. Other investments represent shares we own in a special fund that targets underlying investments of approximately 40 percent in debt securities and 60 percent in equity securities. These shares have been classified as level 2 because, although the shares of the fund are not traded on any active stock exchange, each of the individual underlying securities are or can be derived from and hence we have a readily determinable value for the underlying securities, from which we are able to determine the fair market value for the special fund itself. Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis Long-Lived Assets For assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis, the following table summarizes the impairments included in net income for the years ended October 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023: Years Ended October 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Long-lived assets held and used $ 15 $ 19 $ 277 For the year ended October 31, 2025, long-lived assets held and used with a carrying amount of $ 15 million were written down to fair value of zero resulting in an impairment charge of $ 15 million. For the year ended October 31, 2024, long-lived assets held and used with a carrying amount of $ 19 million were written down to fair value of zero resulting in an impairment charge of $ 19 million. For the year ended October 31, 2023, long-lived assets held and used with a carrying amount of $ 277 million were written down to fair value of zero , resulting in an impairment charge of $ 277 million primarily related to the exit of our Resolution Bioscience business in our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment. Fair values for the impaired long-lived assets during 2023 were measured using level 3 inputs. To determine the fair value of long-lived assets in 2023, we primarily used an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows expected over the life of the primary asset. Since the carrying value was greater than the undiscounted cash flow, the loss was measured by the excess of the carrying amount of the asset over its fair value of zero. Non-Marketable Equity Securities For the year ended October 31, 2025, the unrealized gain (loss) on our non-marketable equity securities without readily determinable fair values was comprised of $ 2 million of upward adjustments, $ 41 million of downward adjustments and an impairment loss of $ 15 million which were included in net income as adjustments to the carrying value. For the year ended October 31, 2024, the unrealized gain (loss) on our non-marketable equity securities without readily determinable fair values was comprised of $ 2 million of upward adjustments, $ 1 million of downward adjustments and an impairment loss of $ 11 million which were included in net income as adjustments to the carrying value. For the year ended October 31, 2023, the unrealized gain (loss) on our non-marketable equity securities without readily determinable fair values was comprised of no upward adjustments, $ 26 million of downward adjustments and no impairment loss which were included in net income as adjustments to the carrying value. As of October 31, 2025, the cumulative net gain (loss) on our non-marketable equity securities without readily determinable fair values was comprised of $ 42 million upward adjustments, $ 71 million downward adjustments and $ 26 million impairment loss, and the carrying amount was $ 55 million. 96 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) As of October 31, 2024, the cumulative net gain (loss) on our non-marketable equity securities without readily determinable fair values was comprised of $ 40 million of upward adjustments, $ 30 million of downward adjustments and an $ 11 million impairment loss, and the carrying amount was  $ 101 million. Fair values for the non-marketable securities included in long-term investments on the consolidated balance sheet were measured using Level 3 inputs because they are primarily equity stock issued by private companies without quoted market prices. To estimate the fair value of our non-marketable securities, we use the measurement alternative to record these investments at cost and adjust for impairments and observable price changes (orderly transactions for the identical or a similar security from the same issuer) as and when they occur. 14. DERIVATIVES We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and interest rate changes in the normal course of our business. As part of our risk management strategy, we use derivative instruments, primarily forward contracts and purchased options to hedge economic and/or accounting exposures resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Cash Flow Hedges We enter into foreign exchange contracts to hedge our forecasted operational cash flow exposures resulting from changes in foreign currency exchange rates. These foreign exchange contracts, carried at fair value, have maturities between one and twelve months. These derivative instruments are designated and qualify as cash flow hedges under the criteria prescribed in the authoritative guidance and are assessed for effectiveness against the underlying exposure every reporting period. For open contracts as of October 31, 2025, changes in the time value of the foreign exchange contract are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are recognized in cost of sales over the life of the foreign exchange contract. The changes in fair value of the effective portion of the derivative instrument are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss).  Amounts associated with cash flow hedges are reclassified to cost of sales in the consolidated statement of operations when the forecasted transaction occurs. If it becomes probable that the forecasted transaction will not occur, the hedge relationship will be de-designated and amounts accumulated in other comprehensive income (loss) will be reclassified to other income (expense), net in the current period. Changes in the fair value of the ineffective portion of derivative instruments are recognized in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations in the current period. We record the premium paid (time value) of an option on the date of purchase as an asset. For options designated as cash flow hedges, changes in the time value are excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and are recognized in cost of sales over the life of the option contract. For the years ended October 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, ineffectiveness and gains and losses recognized in other income (expense), net due to de-designation of cash flow hedge contracts were not significant. In February 2016, we executed three forward-starting pay fixed/receive variable interest rate swaps for the notional amount of $ 300 million in connection with future interest payments to be made on our 2026 senior notes issued on September 15, 2016. These derivative instruments were designated and qualified as cash flow hedges under the criteria prescribed in the authoritative guidance. The swap arrangements were terminated on September 15, 2016 with a payment of $ 10 million, and we recognized this as a deferred loss in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) which is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2026 senior notes. The remaining loss to be amortized related to the interest rate swap agreements at October 31, 2025 was approximately $ 1 million. In August 2019, we executed treasury lock agreements for $ 250 million in connection with future interest payments to be made on our 2029 senior notes issued on September 16, 2019. We designated the treasury lock as a cash flow hedge. The treasury lock contracts were terminated on September 6, 2019 and we recognized a deferred loss of $ 6 million in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) which is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2029 senior notes. The remaining loss to be amortized related to the treasury lock agreements at October 31, 2025 was $ 2 million. Net Investment Hedges We enter into foreign exchange contracts to hedge net investments in foreign operations to mitigate the risk of adverse movements in exchange rates. These foreign exchange contracts are carried at fair value and are designated and qualify as net investment hedges under the criteria prescribed in the authoritative guidance. Changes in fair value of the effective portion of the derivative instrument are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)- translation adjustment and are assessed for effectiveness against the underlying exposure every reporting period. If the company’s net investment changes during the year, the hedge relationship will be assessed and de-designated if the hedge notional amount is outside of prescribed 97 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) tolerance with a gain/loss reclassified from other comprehensive income (loss) to other income (expense) in the current period. For the years ended October 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, ineffectiveness and the resultant effect of any gains or losses recognized in other income (expense) due to de-designation of the hedge contracts were not significant. Other Hedges Additionally, we enter into foreign exchange contracts to hedge monetary assets and liabilities that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of our subsidiaries. These foreign exchange contracts are carried at fair value and do not qualify for hedge accounting treatment and are not designated as hedging instruments. Changes in value of the derivative instruments are recognized in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations, in the current period, along with the offsetting foreign currency gain or loss on the underlying assets or liabilities. Our use of derivative instruments exposes us to credit risk to the extent that the counterparties may be unable to meet the terms of the agreement. We do, however, seek to mitigate such risks by limiting our counterparties to major financial institutions which are selected based on their credit ratings and other factors. We have established policies and procedures for mitigating credit risk that include establishing counterparty credit limits, monitoring credit exposures, and continually assessing the creditworthiness of counterparties. A number of our derivative agreements contain threshold limits to the net liability position with counterparties and are dependent on our corporate credit rating determined by the major credit rating agencies. The counterparties to the derivative instruments may request collateralization, in accordance with derivative agreements, on derivative instruments in net liability positions. The aggregate fair value of all derivative instruments with credit-risk-related contingent features that were in a net liability position as of October 31, 2025, was $ 3 million. The credit-risk-related contingent features underlying these agreements had not been triggered as of October 31, 2025. The number of open foreign exchange forward contracts and aggregated notional amounts by designation as of October 31, 2025 were as follows: Number of Open Forward Contracts Aggregate Notional Amount USD Buy/(Sell) ($ in millions) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Cash Flow Hedges Foreign exchange forward contracts 369 $ ( 504 ) Net Investment Hedges Foreign exchange forward contracts 3 $ ( 35 ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange forward contracts 197 $ ( 79 ) Derivative instruments are subject to master netting arrangements and are disclosed gross in the balance sheet in accordance with the authoritative guidance. 98 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) The gross fair values and balance sheet location of derivative instruments held in the consolidated balance sheet as of October 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows: Fair Values of Derivative Instruments Asset Derivatives Liability Derivatives Fair Value Fair Value Balance Sheet Location October 31, 2025 October 31, 2024 Balance Sheet Location October 31, 2025 October 31, 2024 (in millions) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Cash flow hedges Foreign exchange contracts Other current assets $ 9 $ 4 Other accrued liabilities $ 3 $ 2 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Other current assets $ 5 $ 10 Other accrued liabilities $ 7 $ 10 Total derivatives $ 14 $ 14 $ 10 $ 12 The effects of derivative instruments for foreign exchange contracts designated as hedging instruments and not designated as hedging instruments in our consolidated statement of operations were as follows: Years Ended October 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Cash flow hedges Foreign exchange contracts: Gain (loss) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) $ ( 1 ) $ ( 9 ) $ ( 4 ) Gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into cost of sales $ ( 6 ) $ 4 $ 2 Gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) into interest expense $ ( 2 ) $ ( 2 ) $ ( 2 ) Gain on time value of forward contracts recorded in cost of sales $ 8 $ 7 $ 7 Net investment hedges Foreign exchange contracts: Gain (loss) recognized in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) - translation adjustment $ ( 2 ) $ — $ ( 1 ) Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Gain (loss) recognized in other income (expense), net $ 9 $ 2 $ 3 At October 31, 2025 the total amount of existing net gain that is expected to be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) is $ 16 million. Within the next twelve months it is estimated that $ 3 million of gain included within the net amount of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) will be reclassified to cost of sales in respect of cash flow hedges. 15. RETIREMENT PLANS AND POST RETIREMENT PENSION PLANS General. We have various defined benefit and defined contribution retirement plans. Additionally, we sponsor post-retirement health care benefits for our eligible U.S. employees. Agilent provides defined benefits to U.S. employees who meet eligibility criteria under the Agilent Technologies, Inc. Retirement Plan (the "RP"). 99 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Effective November 1, 2014, Agilent’s U.S. RP was closed to new entrants including new employees, new transfers to the U.S. payroll and rehires. As of April 30, 2016, benefits under the RP were frozen. Any pension benefit earned in the U.S. Plans through April 30, 2016, remained fully vested and is payable on termination, retirement, death, or permanent disability, based on an eligible participant’s years of credited service, age and other criteria. There are no additional benefit accruals after April 30, 2016. For eligible service through October 31, 1993, the benefit payable under the Agilent RP is reduced by any amounts due to the eligible employee under the Agilent Technologies, Inc. Deferred Profit-Sharing Plan (the "DPSP"), which is a defined contribution plan that was frozen and closed to new participants as of November 1993. As of October 31, 2025 and 2024, the fair value of plan assets of the DPSP was $ 71 million and $ 74 million, respectively. The projected benefit obligation for the DPSP equals the fair value of plan assets. Agilent also maintains a Supplemental Benefit Retirement Plan ("SBRP") in the U.S., which is an unfunded non-qualified defined benefit plan to provide supplemental retirement benefits to certain employees that would be provided under the RP but for limitations imposed by the Internal Revenue Code. The RP and the SBRP comprise the "U.S. defined benefit plans" in the tables below. Eligible employees outside the U.S. generally receive retirement benefits under various retirement plans based upon factors such as years of service and/or employee compensation levels. Eligibility is generally determined in accordance with local statutory requirements. Post-Retirement Medical Benefit Plans. In addition to receiving retirement benefits, Agilent U.S. employees who meet eligibility requirements as of their termination date may participate in certain post-retirement medical benefits such as the Agilent Technologies, Inc. Health Plan for Retirees.  As of January 1, 2020, the Health Plan for Retirees is comprised solely of insured pre-65 HMOs as the self-funded Pre-Medicare Medical Plan was eliminated effective December 31, 2019. The Health Plan for Retirees was closed to new retiree entrants after December 31, 2020. If eligible, a retiree may seek reimbursement of their eligible health insurance premium costs up to a fixed amount (different fixed amounts for different groups) under the Agilent Technologies, Inc. Retiree Medical Account Plan (“RMA”) or a fixed monthly amount under the Agilent Technologies, Inc. Reimbursement Arrangement Plan (“ARA”). Any new employee hired on or after November 1, 2014, will not be eligible to participate in the post-retirement medical benefit plans upon retiring. 401(k) and Other Defined Contribution Plans .  Eligible Agilent U.S. employees may participate in the Agilent Technologies, Inc. 401(k) Plan. We match an employee's contributions (both pre-tax and Roth) up to a maximum of 6 percent of an employee's annual eligible compensation, subject to the annual regulatory limit. All matching contributions vest immediately. The maximum employee contribution to the 401(k) Plan is 50 percent of an employee's annual eligible compensation, subject to regulatory limitations. We also sponsor and make contributions to various other defined contribution plans that cover employees outside of the U.S. Our defined contribution plan expenses included in income from operations were as follows: Years Ended October 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Contributions to the 401(k) Plan $ 45 $ 46 $ 47 Contributions to plans outside the U.S 54 51 51 Total defined contribution plan expense $ 99 $ 97 $ 98 100 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Components of net periodic benefit cost (income). The service cost component is recorded in cost of sales and operating expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. All other cost components are recorded in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations. The company uses alternate methods of amortization as allowed by the authoritative guidance which amortizes the actuarial gains and losses on a consistent basis for the years presented. For U.S. defined benefit plans, gains and losses are amortized over the average future lifetime of participants using the corridor method. For most Non-U.S. defined benefit plans and U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plans, gains and losses are amortized over the average remaining future service period using a separate layer for each year's gains and losses. For the years ended October 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, components of net periodic benefit cost and other amounts recognized in other comprehensive income were comprised of: Pensions U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plans U.S. Defined Benefit Plans Non-U.S. Defined Benefit Plans 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Net periodic benefit cost (income) Service cost - benefits earned during the period $ — $ — $ — $ 15 $ 15 $ 16 $ 1 $ 1 $ — Interest cost on benefit obligation 19 21 21 23 26 24 3 4 4 Expected return on plan assets ( 24 ) ( 21 ) ( 19 ) ( 44 ) ( 37 ) ( 36 ) ( 5 ) ( 4 ) ( 4 ) Amortization of net actuarial (gain) loss — 2 — ( 25 ) ( 16 ) ( 2 ) ( 1 ) ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Amortization of prior service benefit — — — — — — ( 1 ) ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Total net periodic benefit cost (income) $ ( 5 ) $ 2 $ 2 $ ( 31 ) $ ( 12 ) $ 2 $ ( 3 ) $ ( 1 ) $ ( 2 ) Settlement loss $ 1 $ 2 $ 4 $ 14 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss Net actuarial (gain) loss $ ( 15 ) $ ( 31 ) $ 22 $ ( 54 ) $ ( 24 ) $ ( 13 ) $ ( 4 ) $ ( 11 ) $ 9 Amortization of net actuarial (gain) loss — ( 2 ) — 25 16 2 1 1 1 Amortization of prior service benefit — — — — — — 1 1 1 Loss due to settlement ( 1 ) ( 2 ) ( 4 ) ( 4 ) — — — — — Foreign currency — — — 2 2 2 — — — Total recognized in other comprehensive (income) loss $ ( 16 ) $ ( 35 ) $ 18 $ ( 31 ) $ ( 6 ) $ ( 9 ) $ ( 2 ) $ ( 9 ) $ 11 Total recognized in net periodic benefit cost (benefit) and other comprehensive (income) loss $ ( 20 ) $ ( 31 ) $ 24 $ ( 48 ) $ ( 18 ) $ ( 7 ) $ ( 5 ) $ ( 10 ) $ 9 101 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Funded Status. As of October 31, 2025 and 2024, the funded status of the defined benefit and post-retirement benefit plans was: U.S. Defined Benefit Plans Non-U.S. Defined Benefit Plans U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plans 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 (in millions) Change in fair value of plan assets: Fair value — beginning of year $ 414 $ 359 $ 917 $ 791 $ 86 $ 76 Actual return on plan assets 48 88 72 119 9 16 Employer contributions — — 22 20 — — Participants' contributions — — 2 2 — — Benefits paid ( 12 ) ( 10 ) ( 32 ) ( 36 ) ( 6 ) ( 6 ) Settlements ( 21 ) ( 23 ) ( 70 ) — — — Currency impact — — 33 21 — — Fair value — end of year $ 429 $ 414 $ 944 $ 917 $ 89 $ 86 Change in benefit obligation: Benefit obligation — beginning of year $ 366 $ 343 $ 772 $ 682 $ 65 $ 65 Service cost — — 15 15 1 1 Interest cost 19 21 23 26 3 4 Participants' contributions — — 2 2 — — Actuarial (gain) loss 9 36 ( 24 ) 60 — 1 Benefits paid ( 12 ) ( 11 ) ( 32 ) ( 36 ) ( 6 ) ( 6 ) Settlements ( 21 ) ( 23 ) ( 43 ) — — — Currency impact — — 35 23 — — Benefit obligation — end of year $ 361 $ 366 $ 748 $ 772 $ 63 $ 65 Overfunded (underfunded) status of PBO $ 68 $ 48 $ 196 $ 145 $ 26 $ 21 Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheet consist of: Other assets $ 70 $ 51 $ 280 $ 236 $ 26 $ 21 Retirement and post-retirement benefits ( 2 ) ( 3 ) ( 84 ) ( 91 ) — — Total net asset (liability) $ 68 $ 48 $ 196 $ 145 $ 26 $ 21 Amounts Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): Actuarial (gains) losses $ 15 $ 31 $ 6 $ 37 $ ( 9 ) $ ( 6 ) Prior service costs (benefits) — — — — — ( 1 ) Total $ 15 $ 31 $ 6 $ 37 $ ( 9 ) $ ( 7 ) The actuarial gains and losses related to the change in plan obligations were a total of $ 15 million net gain for 2025 and $ 97 million net loss for 2024. The actuarial net gain that arose in 2025 was primarily due to increases in discount rates and changes in other financial and demographic assumptions partially offset by losses due to plan experience.The actuarial net loss that arose in 2024 was primarily due to decreases in discount rates and changes in other financial and demographic assumptions partially offset by gains due to plan experience. During fiscal year 2025, the settlement in Non-U.S. defined benefit plans relates to the transfer of all assets and obligations of our Netherlands defined benefit plan to an unaffiliated insurance company under a buy-out contract. The settlement resulted in a net loss of $ 14 million, which is included in other income (expense), net in the consolidated statement of operations. The settlement loss includes the recognition of previously unrecognized actuarial losses that were included in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 102 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Investment Policies and Strategies as of October 31, 2025 . In the U.S., target asset allocations for our retirement and post-retirement benefit plans were approximately 50 percent to equities and approximately 50 percent to fixed income investments. Our DPSP target asset allocation is approximately 60 percent to equities and approximately 40 percent to fixed income investments. Approximately 1 percent of the retirement and post-retirement plans consists of limited partnerships. The general investment objective for all our plan assets is to obtain the optimum rate of investment return on the total investment portfolio consistent with the assumption of a reasonable level of risk. Specific investment objectives for the plans' portfolios are to: maintain and enhance the purchasing power of the plans' assets; achieve investment returns consistent with the level of risk being taken; and earn performance rates of return in accordance with the benchmarks adopted for each asset class. Outside the U.S., our target asset allocation (excluding annuity contracts in the U.K.) ranges from zero to 60 percent to equities, from 38 percent to 100 percent to fixed income investments, and from zero to 25 percent to real estate, depending on the plan. All plans' assets are broadly diversified. Due to fluctuations in equity and bond markets, our actual allocations of plan assets at October 31, 2025, may differ from the target allocation. Our policy is to bring the actual allocation in line with the target allocation. Equity securities include exchange-traded common stock of companies from broadly diversified industries. Fixed income securities include a global portfolio of corporate bonds of companies from diversified industries, government securities, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, derivative instruments and other. Real estate securities include holdings of managed investment funds which invest primarily in the equity instruments of real estate investment trusts and other similar real estate investments. Other investments include a group trust consisting primarily of private equity partnerships. Portions of the cash and cash equivalent, equity, and fixed income investments are held in commingled funds that are valued using Net Asset Value (“NAV”) as the practical expedient. In addition, some of the investments valued using NAV as the practical expedient may have limits on their redemption to weekly or monthly and/or may require prior written notice specified by each fund. In December 2021, we entered into an insurance buy-in contract for a portion of the benefit obligations under the U.K. defined benefit plan which was funded from existing pension plan assets without any adjustment to the benefit obligations. In December 2023, we entered into another insurance buy-in contract for the remaining portion of benefit obligations under the same plan which was also funded from existing pension plan assets with no adjustment made to the benefit obligations. These have been classified as “Annuity Contracts” since the insurance buy-in contract is similar to an annuity contract. They match cash flows with future benefit payments for participants as of the contract date with the obligation remaining with the plan. Both contracts are issued by the same third-party insurance company with no affiliation to us. Fair Value. The measurement of the fair value of pension and post-retirement plan assets uses the valuation methodologies and the inputs as described in Note 13, "Fair Value Measurements" for additional information. Cash and Cash Equivalents - Cash and cash equivalents consist of short-term investment funds. The funds also invest in short-term domestic fixed income securities and other securities with debt-like characteristics emphasizing short-term maturities and quality. Some of our cash and cash equivalents are held in commingled funds. Other cash and cash equivalents are generally classified as Level 2 investments. Equity - This consists of equity securities which have quoted prices in active markets and has been classified as Level 1 investments. Fixed Income - Some of the fixed income securities are not actively traded and are valued at quoted prices based on the terms of the security and comparison to similar securities traded on an active market; these are classified as Level 2 investments. Securities which have quoted prices in active markets are classified as Level 1 investments. Real Estate - Real estate securities include holdings of managed investment funds which invest primarily in the equity instruments of real estate investment trust and other similar real estate investments. Since the existing securities have quoted prices in active markets, it has been classified as level 1 and grouped with equity. Annuity Contract – This consists of the U.K. insurance buy-in contracts. Since they are valued on an insurer pricing basis, which reflects the purchase price adjusted for changes in discount rates and other actuarial assumptions which approximates fair value, they have been classified as level 3. Other Investments - Other investments also include partnership investments where, due to their private nature, pricing inputs are not readily observable. Asset valuations are developed by the general partners that manage the partnerships. These valuations are based on proprietary appraisals, application of public market multiples to private company cash flows, utilization 103 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) of market transactions that provide valuation information for comparable companies and other methods. Holdings of limited partnerships are classified as Level 3. Agilent has adopted the accounting guidance related to the presentation of certain investments using the NAV practical expedient. The accounting guidance exempts investments using this practical expedient from categorization within the fair value hierarchy. The following tables present the fair value of U.S. Defined Benefit Plans assets classified under the appropriate level of the fair value hierarchy as of October 31, 2025 and 2024. Fair Value Measurement at October 31, 2025 Using October 31, 2025 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Not Subject to Leveling (1) (in millions) Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 4 $ — $ — $ — $ 4 Equity 217 42 — — 175 Fixed Income 207 — — — 207 Other Investments 1 — — 1 — Total assets measured at fair value $ 429 $ 42 $ — $ 1 $ 386 (1) Investments measured at the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. Fair Value Measurement at October 31, 2024 Using October 31, 2024 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Not Subject to Leveling (1) (in millions) Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 2 $ — $ — $ — $ 2 Equity 211 54 — — 157 Fixed Income 200 — — — 200 Other Investments 1 — — 1 — Total assets measured at fair value $ 414 $ 54 $ — $ 1 $ 359 (1) Investments measured at the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. For U.S. Defined Benefit Plans assets measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (level 3), the following table summarizes the change in balances during 2025 and 2024: Years Ended October 31, 2025 2024 Balance, beginning of year $ 1 $ 1 Realized gains/(losses) — — Unrealized gains/(losses) — — Purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements — — Transfers in (out) — — Balance, end of year $ 1 $ 1 104 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) The following tables present the fair value of U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plans assets classified under the appropriate level of the fair value hierarchy as of October 31, 2025 and 2024. Fair Value Measurement at October 31, 2025 Using October 31, 2025 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Not Subject to Leveling (1) (in millions) Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 4 $ — $ — $ — $ 4 Equity 41 6 — — 35 Fixed Income 43 — — — 43 Other Investments 1 — — 1 — Total assets measured at fair value $ 89 $ 6 $ — $ 1 $ 82 (1) Investments measured at the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. Fair Value Measurement at October 31, 2024 Using October 31, 2024 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Not Subject to Leveling (1) (in millions) Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 1 $ — $ — $ — $ 1 Equity 42 11 — — 31 Fixed Income 42 — — — 42 Other Investments 1 — — 1 — Total assets measured at fair value $ 86 $ 11 $ — $ 1 $ 74 (1) Investments measured at the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. For U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plans assets measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (level 3), the following table summarizes the change in balances during 2025 and 2024: Years Ended October 31, 2025 2024 Balance, beginning of year $ 1 $ 1 Realized gains/(losses) — — Unrealized gains/(losses) — — Purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements — — Transfers in (out) — — Balance, end of year $ 1 $ 1 105 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) The following tables present the fair value of non-U.S. Defined Benefit Plans assets classified under the appropriate level of the fair value hierarchy as of October 31, 2025 and 2024: Fair Value Measurement at October 31, 2025 Using October 31, 2025 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Not Subject to Leveling (1) (in millions) Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 11 $ 5 $ 6 $ — $ — Equity 475 377 — — 98 Fixed Income 314 61 185 — 68 Annuity Contract 144 — — 144 — Total assets measured at fair value $ 944 $ 443 $ 191 $ 144 $ 166 (1) Investments measured at the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. Fair Value Measurement at October 31, 2024 Using October 31, 2024 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Not Subject to Leveling (1) (in millions) Cash and Cash Equivalents $ 26 $ 14 $ 12 $ — $ — Equity 389 305 — — 84 Fixed Income 352 60 159 — 133 Annuity Contract 150 — — 150 — Total assets measured at fair value $ 917 $ 379 $ 171 $ 150 $ 217 (1) Investments measured at the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. For non-U.S. Defined Benefit Plans assets measured at fair value using significant unobservable inputs (level 3), the following table summarizes the change in balances during 2025 and 2024: Years Ended October 31, 2025 2024 Balance, beginning of year $ 150 $ 86 Unrealized gains (losses) — 4 Purchases, sales, issuances, and settlements ( 8 ) ( 7 ) Transfers in (out) — 60 Currency impact 2 7 Balance, end of year $ 144 $ 150 106 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) The table below presents the combined projected benefit obligation ("PBO"), accumulated benefit obligation ("ABO") and fair value of plan assets, grouping plans using comparisons of the PBO and ABO relative to the plan assets as of October 31, 2025 or 2024. 2025 2024 Benefit Obligation Benefit Obligation Fair Value of Plan Assets Fair Value of Plan Assets PBO PBO (in millions) U.S. defined benefit plans where PBO exceeds the fair value of plan assets $ 2 $ — $ 3 $ — U.S. defined benefit plans where fair value of plan assets exceeds PBO 359 429 363 414 Total $ 361 $ 429 $ 366 $ 414 Non-U.S. defined benefit plans where PBO exceeds the fair value of plan assets $ 271 $ 186 $ 249 $ 157 Non-U.S. defined benefit plans where fair value of plan assets exceeds PBO 477 758 523 760 Total $ 748 $ 944 $ 772 $ 917 ABO ABO U.S. defined benefit plans where ABO exceeds the fair value of plan assets $ 2 $ — $ 3 $ — U.S. defined benefit plans where the fair value of plan assets exceeds ABO 359 429 363 414 Total $ 361 $ 429 $ 366 $ 414 Non-U.S. defined benefit plans where ABO exceeds the fair value of plan assets $ 263 $ 186 $ 241 $ 157 Non-U.S. defined benefit plans where fair value of plan assets exceeds ABO 475 758 518 760 Total $ 738 $ 944 $ 759 $ 917 Contributions and Estimated Future Benefit Payments. During fiscal year 2026, we expect to make no contributions to the U.S. defined benefit plans and the Post-Retirement Medical Plans. We expect to contribute $ 21 million to plans outside the U.S. The following table presents expected future benefit payments for the next 10 years: U.S. Defined Benefit Plans Non-U.S. Defined Benefit Plans U.S. Post-Retirement Benefit Plans (in millions) 2026 $ 30 $ 40 $ 8 2027 $ 30 $ 41 $ 8 2028 $ 30 $ 43 $ 8 2029 $ 28 $ 42 $ 7 2030 $ 27 $ 43 $ 7 2031 - 2035 $ 123 $ 220 $ 25 Assumptions. The assumptions used to determine the benefit obligations and net periodic cost (benefit) for our defined benefit and post-retirement benefit plans are presented in the tables below. The expected long-term return on assets below represents an estimate of long-term returns on investment portfolios consisting of a mixture of equities, fixed income and alternative investments in proportion to the asset allocations of each of our plans. We consider long-term rates of return, which are weighted based on the asset classes (both historical and forecasted) in which we expect our pension and post-retirement funds to be invested. Discount rates reflect the current rate at which pension and post-retirement obligations could be settled 107 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) based on the measurement dates of the plans - October 31. The U.S. discount rates at October 31, 2025 and 2024, were determined based on the results of matching expected plan benefit payments with cash flows from a hypothetically constructed bond portfolio. The non-U.S. rates were generally based on published rates for high-quality corporate bonds. The range of assumptions that were used for the non-U.S. defined benefit plans reflects the different economic environments within various countries. Assumptions used to calculate the net periodic cost (benefit) in each year were as follows: For years ended October 31, 2025 2024 2023 U.S. defined benefit plans: Discount rate 5.50 % 6.50 % 6.00 % Expected long-term return on assets 6.00 % 6.00 % 5.00 % Non-U.S. defined benefit plans: Discount rate 0.95 - 5.31 % 1.78 - 5.63 % 1.50 - 4.77 % Average increase in compensation levels 2.00 - 3.25 % 2.00 - 3.25 % 2.00 - 3.25 % Expected long-term return on assets 3.00 - 5.50 % 4.00 - 5.00 % 3.25 - 5.50 % Interest crediting rate for cash balance plans 0.75 - 1.80 % 0.50 - 1.80 % 0.50 - 2.10 % U.S. post-retirement benefits plans: Discount rate 5.50 % 6.60 % 6.00 % Expected long-term return on assets 6.00 % 6.00 % 5.00 % Current medical cost trend rate 6.00 % 6.50 % 7.00 % Ultimate medical cost trend rate 4.75 % 4.75 % 4.75 % Medical cost trend rate decreases to ultimate rate in year 2029 2029 2029 Assumptions used to calculate the benefit obligation were as follows: As of the Years Ending October 31, 2025 2024 U.S. defined benefit plans: Discount rate 5.50 % 5.50 % Non-U.S. defined benefit plans: Discount rate 0.95 - 5.39 % 0.95 - 5.31 % Average increase in compensation levels 2.00 - 3.25 % 2.00 - 3.25 % Interest crediting rate for cash balance plans 1.50 - 1.80 % 0.75 - 1.80 % U.S. post-retirement benefits plans: Discount rate 5.30 % 5.50 % Current medical cost trend rate 7.00 % 6.00 % Ultimate medical cost trend rate 4.75 % 4.75 % Medical cost trend rate decreases to ultimate rate in year 2035 2029 16. RESTRUCTURING AND OTHER RELATED COSTS Summary of Restructuring Plans. In fiscal year 2025, we announced a restructuring plan designed to optimize our management structure to better serve our customers. In fiscal years 2024 and 2023, we announced restructuring plans that were both designed to reduce costs and expenses in response to macroeconomic conditions. These actions impact all three of our operating segments. The costs associated with these restructuring plans were not allocated to our operating segments' results; however, each operating segment will benefit from the future cost savings from these actions. When completed, the restructuring programs are expected to result in the reduction in annual cost of sales and operating expenses over the three operating segments. 108 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) A summary of our aggregate liability related to the restructuring plans and the total restructuring expense since inception of those plans are shown in the table below: Workforce Reduction Consolidation of Excess Facilities Total (in millions) Balance at October 31, 2023 $ 31 $ 5 $ 36 Income statement expense 75 1 76 Non-cash settlements ( 7 ) ( 1 ) ( 8 ) Cash payments ( 86 ) ( 5 ) ( 91 ) Balance at October 31, 2024 $ 13 $ — $ 13 Income statement expense 82 — 82 Non-cash settlements ( 18 ) — ( 18 ) Cash payments ( 60 ) — ( 60 ) Currency translation impact 1 — 1 Balance at October 31, 2025 $ 18 $ — $ 18 Restructuring expense since inception of all plans: Fiscal Year 2025 Plan $ 81 Fiscal Year 2024 Plan $ 73 Fiscal Year 2023 Plan $ 50 Total $ 204 Non-cash settlements include accelerated share-based compensation expense related to workforce reductions and accelerated depreciation expense of right-of-use and machinery and equipment assets related to the consolidation of excess facilities. The aggregate restructuring liability of $ 18 million at October 31, 2025, was recorded in other accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet and reflects estimated future cash outlays. A summary of the charges in the consolidated statement of operations resulting from the restructuring plans is shown below: Years Ended October 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Cost of products and services $ 21 $ 13 $ 11 Research and development 5 21 6 Selling, general and administrative 56 42 29 Total restructuring costs $ 82 $ 76 $ 46 Fiscal Year 2025 Plan ("FY25 Plan") In the second quarter of fiscal year 2025, we announced a restructuring plan designed to optimize our management structure to better serve our customers. The expense associated with this workforce reduction includes severance and other personnel-related costs. We expect to substantially complete these restructuring activities by the second quarter of fiscal year 2026. In connection with the FY25 Plan, we recorded restructuring expenses of $ 81 million in fiscal year 2025. 109 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) A summary of the FY25 Plan activity is shown in the table below: Workforce Reduction (in millions) Balance at October 31, 2024 $ — Income statement expense 81 Non-cash settlements ( 18 ) Cash payments ( 46 ) Currency translation impact 1 Balance at October 31, 2025 $ 18 Total restructuring expense since inception of FY25 Plan $ 81 Non-cash settlements include accelerated share-based compensation expense related to workforce reductions. Fiscal Year 2024 Plan ("FY24 Plan") In the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, we announced a restructuring plan designed to reduce costs and expenses in response to macroeconomic conditions. The plan included a reduction of our total headcount by approximately 500 regular employees, representing approximately 3 percent of our global workforce. In connection with the FY24 Plan, we recorded restructuring expenses of $ 1 million and  $ 72 million in fiscal years 2025 and 2024, respectively. The costs associated with this workforce reduction included severance, accelerated share-based compensation expense and other personnel-related costs. We have completed all workforce management actions and payments in connection with the FY24 Plan. A summary of the FY24 Plan activity is shown in the table below: Workforce Reduction (in millions) Balance at October 31, 2023 $ — Income statement expense $ 72 Non-cash settlements $ ( 7 ) Cash payments $ ( 54 ) Balance at October 31, 2024 $ 11 Income statement expense $ 1 Cash payments $ ( 12 ) Balance at October 31, 2025 $ — Total restructuring expense since inception of FY24 Plan $ 73 Non-cash settlements include accelerated share-based compensation expense related to workforce reductions. Fiscal Year 2023 Plan ("FY23 Plan") In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we initiated a restructuring plan designed to reduce costs and expenses in response to the macroeconomic conditions. The plan included a reduction of our total headcount by approximately 400 regular employees, representing approximately 2 percent of our global workforce, and the consolidation of our excess facilities, including some site closures. In connection with the FY23 Plan, we recorded restructuring expenses of $ 4 million and $ 46 million in 2024 and 2023, respectively. The restructuring plan expenses included severance, accelerated share-based compensation expense and other personnel costs associated with the workforce reduction. The consolidation of excess facilities included accelerated depreciation expense of right-of-use and machinery and equipment assets, and other facilities-related costs. We have completed all workforce management actions and payments in connection with the FY23 Plan. 110 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) A summary of the FY23 Plan activity is shown in the table below: Workforce Reduction Consolidation of Excess Facilities Total (in millions) Balance at October 31, 2023 $ 31 $ 5 $ 36 Income statement expense 3 1 4 Non-cash settlements — ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Cash payments ( 32 ) ( 5 ) ( 37 ) Balance at October 31, 2024 $ 2 $ — $ 2 Cash payments ( 2 ) — ( 2 ) Balance at October 31, 2025 $ — $ — $ — Total restructuring expense since inception of the FY23 Plan $ 50 Non-cash settlements include accelerated depreciation expense of right-of-use and machinery and equipment assets related to the consolidation of excess facilities. 17. GUARANTEES Standard Warranty We accrue for standard warranty costs based on historical trends in actual warranty charges over the past 12 months. The accrual is reviewed regularly and periodically adjusted to reflect changes in warranty cost over the period. The standard warranty accrual balances are held in other accrued and other long-term liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. Our standard warranty terms typically extend to one year from the date of delivery, depending on the product. A summary of the standard warranty accrual activity is shown in the table below. October 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Standard warranty accrual, beginning balance $ 30 $ 29 Accruals for warranties including change in estimates 51 58 Settlements made during the period ( 53 ) ( 57 ) Standard warranty accrual, ending balance $ 28 $ 30 Accruals for warranties due within one year $ 28 $ 30 Bank Guarantees Guarantees consist primarily of outstanding standby letters of credit and bank guarantees and were approximately $ 39 million and $ 37 million as of October 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. A standby letter of credit is a guarantee of payment issued by a bank on behalf of us that is used as payment of last resort should we fail to fulfill a contractual commitment with a third party. A bank guarantee is a promise from a bank or other lending institution that if we default on a loan, the bank will cover the loss. Indemnifications in Connection with Transactions In connection with various divestitures, acquisitions, spin-offs and other transactions, we have agreed to indemnify certain parties, their affiliates and/or other related parties against certain damages and expenses that might occur in the future. These indemnifications may cover a variety of liabilities, including, but not limited to, employee, tax, environmental, 111 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) intellectual property, litigation and other liabilities related to the business conducted prior to the date of the transaction.  In our opinion, the fair value of these indemnification obligations was not material as of October 31, 2025. Indemnifications to Officers and Directors Our corporate bylaws require that we indemnify our officers and directors, as well as those who act as directors and officers of other entities at our request, against expenses, judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts actually and reasonably incurred in connection with any proceedings arising out of their services to Agilent and such other entities, including service with respect to employee benefit plans. In addition, we have entered into separate indemnification agreements with each director and each board-appointed officer of Agilent which provide for indemnification of these directors and officers under similar circumstances and under additional circumstances. The indemnification obligations are more fully described in the bylaws and the indemnification agreements. We purchase standard insurance to cover claims or a portion of the claims made against our directors and officers. Since a maximum obligation is not explicitly stated in our bylaws or in our indemnification agreements and will depend on the facts and circumstances that arise out of any future claims, the overall maximum amount of the obligations cannot be reasonably estimated. Historically, we have not made payments related to these obligations, and the fair value for these indemnification obligations was not material as of October 31, 2025. Other Indemnifications As is customary in our industry and as provided for in local law in the U.S. and other jurisdictions, many of our standard contracts provide remedies to our customers and others with whom we enter into contracts, such as defense, settlement, or payment of judgment for intellectual property claims related to the use of our products. From time to time, we indemnify customers, as well as our suppliers, contractors, lessors, lessees, companies that purchase our businesses or assets and others with whom we enter into contracts, against combinations of loss, expense, or liability arising from various triggering events related to the sale and the use of our products and services, the use of their goods and services, the use of facilities and state of our owned facilities, the state of the assets and businesses that we sell and other matters covered by such contracts, usually up to a specified maximum amount. In addition, from time to time we also provide protection to these parties against claims related to undiscovered liabilities, additional product liability or environmental obligations. In our experience, claims made under such indemnifications are rare and the associated estimated fair value of the liability was not material as of October 31, 2025. In connection with the sale of several of our businesses, we have agreed to indemnify the buyers of such businesses, their respective affiliates and other related parties against certain damages that they might incur in the future. The continuing indemnifications primarily cover damages relating to liabilities of the businesses that Agilent retained and did not transfer to the buyers, as well as other specified items. In our opinion, the fair value of these indemnification obligations was not material as of October 31, 2025. 18.   COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Other Purchase Commitments. Typically, we can cancel contracts with professional services suppliers without penalties. For those contracts that are not cancelable without penalties, there are termination fees and costs or commitments for continued spending that we are obligated to pay to a supplier under each contract's termination period before such contract can be cancelled. Our contractual obligations with these suppliers under "other purchase commitments" were approximately $ 146 million. Contingencies: We are involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including, but not limited to, intellectual property, commercial, real estate, environmental and employment matters, which arise in the ordinary course of business. There are no matters pending that we currently believe are reasonably possible of having a material impact to our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 112 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 19. SHORT-TERM DEBT Credit Facilities On June 7, 2023 , we entered into a new credit agreement with a group of financial institutions which provides for a $ 1.5 billion five -year unsecured credit facility that will expire on June 7, 2028 , and an incremental revolving credit facility in an aggregate amount of up to $ 750 million. The credit facility replaced the existing credit facility which was terminated on the closing date of the new facility. During the year ended October 31, 2025 and 2024, we made no borrowings or repayments under these credit facilities. As of both October 31, 2025 and 2024, we had no borrowings outstanding under either the credit facility or the incremental revolving credit facility. On June 2, 2023 , we entered into an Uncommitted Money Market Line Credit agreement with Societe Generale which provides for an aggregate borrowing capacity of $ 300 million. The credit facility is an uncommitted short-term cash advance facility where each request must be at least $ 1 million. The interest rate is set by the lender at the time of the borrowing and is fixed for the duration of the advance. During the year ended October 31, 2025, we made no borrowings or repayments under this credit facility. During the year ended October 31, 2024, we borrowed and repaid $ 215 million under this credit facility. As of October 31, 2025 and 2024, we had no borrowings outstanding under the credit facility. We were in compliance with the covenants for the credit facilities during the year ended October 31, 2025. Commercial Paper Under our U.S. commercial paper program, we may issue and sell unsecured, short-term promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount not to exceed $ 1.5 billion with up to 397-day maturities. At any point in time, the company intends to maintain available commitments under its revolving credit facility in an amount at least equal to the amount of the commercial paper notes outstanding. Amounts available under the program may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed from time to time. The proceeds from issuances under the program may be used for general corporate purposes. During the year ended October 31, 2025, we borrowed $ 1.39 billion and repaid $ 1.43 billion under our U.S. commercial paper program. During the year ended October 31, 2024, we borrowed $ 1.19 billion and repaid $ 1.15 billion under our U.S. commercial paper program. As of October 31, 2025, we had no borrowings outstanding under our U.S. commercial paper program . As of October 31, 2024 , we had borrowings of $ 40 million outstanding under our U.S. commercial paper program and had a weighted average interest rate of 4.92 percent . 2026 Senior Notes In 2025, we reclassified to short-term debt the aggregate principal amount of $ 300 million related to our 2026 senior notes with a maturity date of September 22, 2026.  See Note 20, "Long-Term Debt" for additional information regarding the 2026 senior notes. Other Loans In connection with the BIOVECTRA acquisition we have two interest-free loans from the Strategic Innovation Fund ("SIF"). The loans are repayable in quarterly and yearly installments at a weighted average imputed interest rate of 4.7 percent. In addition, we have two interest-free loans with the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency ("ACOA"). The loans are repayable in monthly installments at a weighted average imputed interest rate of 4.5 percent. As of October 31, 2025 and 2024, the current portion of these loans of $ 4 million and $ 5 million, respectively, was recorded in short-term debt. 113 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 20. LONG-TERM DEBT Senior Notes The following table summarizes the company's long-term senior notes: October 31, 2025 October 31, 2024 Amortized Principal Amortized Principal (in millions) 2026 Senior Notes $ — $ 299 2027 Senior Notes 597 596 2029 Senior Notes 497 496 2030 Senior Notes 498 497 2031 Senior Notes 845 845 2034 Senior Notes 593 593 Total Senior Notes $ 3,030 $ 3,326 2026 Senior Notes On September 22, 2016 , we issued aggregate principal amount of $ 300 million in senior notes ("2026 senior notes"). The 2026 senior notes were issued at 99.624 % of their principal amount. The notes will mature on September 22, 2026 and bear interest at a fixed rate of 3.05 % per annum. The interest is payable semi-annually on March 22nd and September 22nd of each year and payments commenced March 22, 2017 .  In 2025, we reclassified the 2026 senior notes to short-term debt. In February 2016, we executed three forward-starting pay fixed/receive variable interest rate swaps for the notional amount of $ 300 million in connection with future interest payments to be made on our 2026 senior notes issued on September 15, 2016. The swap arrangements were terminated on September 15, 2016 with a payment of $ 10 million, and we recognized this as a deferred loss in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) which is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2026 senior notes. The remaining loss to be amortized related to the interest rate swap agreements at October 31, 2025 was $ 1 million. 2027 Senior Notes On September 9, 2024 , we issued an aggregate principal amount of $ 600 million in senior notes ("2027 senior notes"). The 2027 senior notes were issued at 99.866 % of their principal amount. The notes will mature on September 9, 2027 , and bear interest at a fixed rate of 4.20 % per annum. The interest is payable semi-annually on March 9th and September 9th of each year and payments commenced on March 9, 2025 . 2029 Senior Notes On September 16, 2019 , we issued an aggregate principal amount of $ 500 million in senior notes ("2029 senior notes"). The 2029 senior notes were issued at 99.316 % of their principal amount. The notes will mature on September 15, 2029 , and bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.75 % per annum. The interest is payable semi-annually on March 15th and September 15th of each year and payments commenced on March 15, 2020 . In August 2019, we executed treasury lock agreements for $ 250 million in connection with future interest payments to be made on our 2029 senior notes issued on September 16, 2019. We designated the treasury lock as a cash flow hedge. The treasury lock contracts were terminated on September 6, 2019 and we recognized a deferred loss of $ 6 million in accumulated other comprehensive income which is being amortized to interest expense over the life of the 2029 senior notes. The remaining loss to be amortized related to the treasury lock agreements at October 31, 2025 was $ 2 million. 114 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 2030 Senior Notes On June 4, 2020 , we issued an aggregate principal amount of $ 500 million in senior notes ("2030 senior notes"). The 2030 senior notes were issued at 99.812 % of their principal amount. The 2030 senior notes will mature on June 4, 2030 , and bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.10 % per annum. The interest is payable semi-annually on June 4th and December 4th of each year and payments commenced on December 4, 2020 . 2031 Senior Notes On March 12, 2021 , we issued an aggregate principal amount of $ 850 million in senior notes ("2031 senior notes"). The 2031 senior notes were issued at 99.822 % of their principal amount. The 2031 senior notes will mature on March 12, 2031 , and bear interest at a fixed rate of 2.30 % per annum. The interest is payable semi-annually on March 12th and September 12th of each year and payments commenced on September 12, 2021 . 2034 Senior Notes On September 9, 2024 , we issued an aggregate principal amount of $ 600 million in senior notes ("2034 senior notes"). The 2034 senior notes were issued at 99.638 % of their principal amount. The 2034 senior notes will mature on September 9, 2034 , and bear interest at a fixed rate of 4.75 % per annum. The interest is payable semi-annually on March 9th and September 9th of each year and payments commenced on March 9, 2025 . All outstanding senior notes listed above are unsecured and rank equally in right of payment with all of our other senior unsecured indebtedness Term Loan Facility On April 15, 2022, we entered into a term loan agreement with a group of financial institutions, which provided for a $ 600 million delayed draw term loan with a maturity date of April 15, 2025. During the year ended October 31, 2024 , we repaid in full the outstanding $ 600 million principal amount of our term loan facility . As of October 31, 2024, the term loan facility was terminated. Other Loans In connection with the BIOVECTRA acquisition we have two interest-free loans from the Strategic Innovation Fund ("SIF"). The loans are repayable in quarterly and yearly installments through 2040 at a weighted average imputed interest rate of 4.7 percent. In addition, we have two interest-free loans with the Atlantic Canada Opportunities Agency ("ACOA"). The loans are repayable in monthly installments through 2029 at a weighted average imputed interest rate of 4.5 percent. As of October 31, 2025 and 2024, the non-current portion of these loans of $ 20 million (including additional draw and measurement period adjustment) and $ 19 million, respectively, was recorded in long-term debt. 21. STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Stock Repurchase Programs On February 16, 2021 we announced that our board of directors had approved a share repurchase program (the "2021 repurchase program") designed, among other things, to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs. The 2021 repurchase program which commenced on February 18, 2021, authorized the purchase of up to $ 2.0 billion, excluding excise taxes, of our common stock at the company's discretion and had no fixed termination date. The 2021 repurchase program did not require the company to acquire a specific number of shares and could be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. During the year ended October 31, 2023, we repurchased and retired 661,739 shares for $ 99 million, excluding excise taxes, under this authorization. On March 1, 2023, the 2021 repurchase program was terminated and the remaining authorization of $ 339 million expired. On January 9, 2023, we announced that our board of directors had approved a share repurchase program (the "2023 repurchase program") designed, among other things, to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs. The 2023 repurchase program authorized the purchase of up to $ 2.0 billion, excluding excise taxes, of our common stock at the company's discretion and had no fixed termination date. The 2023 repurchase program did not require the company to acquire a specific number of shares and could be suspended, amended or 115 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) discontinued at any time. The 2023 repurchase program commenced on March 1, 2023, and was completed in September 2025. During the year ended October 31, 2023, we repurchased and retired 3.9 million shares for $ 476 million, excluding excise taxes, under this authorization. During the year ended October 31, 2024, we repurchased and retired 8.4 million shares for $ 1,150 million, excluding excise taxes, under this authorization. During the year ended October 31, 2025 we repurchased and retired 3.0 million shares for $ 374 million, excluding excise taxes, under this authorization. As of October 31, 2025, we had no remaining authorization to repurchase our common stock under the 2023 repurchase program. On May 29, 2024, we announced that our board of directors had approved a new share repurchase program (the "2024 repurchase program") designed, among other things, to reduce or eliminate dilution resulting from issuance of stock under the company's employee equity incentive programs. The 2024 repurchase program authorizes the purchase of up to $ 2.0 billion, excluding excise taxes, of our common stock at the company's discretion and has no fixed termination date. The 2024 repurchase program does not require the company to acquire a specific number of shares and may be suspended, amended or discontinued at any time. The 2024 repurchase program became effective on August 1, 2024 and commenced upon completion of our 2023 repurchase program in September 2025. During the year ended October 31, 2025 we repurchased and retired 381,670 shares for $ 51 million excluding excise taxes, under this authorization. As of October 31, 2025, we had remaining authorization to repurchase up to approximately $ 1.9 billion of our common stock under the 2024 repurchase program. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which was enacted into law on August 16, 2022, imposed a nondeductible 1% excise tax on the net value of certain stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. We record the applicable excise taxes payable related to repurchases of our common stock as an incremental cost of the shares repurchased and a corresponding liability for the excise tax payable in other accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet. For share repurchases made during the year ended October 31, 2025, we recorded the applicable excise taxes payable of approximately $ 3 million. During fiscal year 2024 and 2023, we recorded the applicable excise taxes payable of approximately $ 10 million and $ 3 million, respectively, which were paid in the fiscal year following the repurchases. Cash Dividends on Shares of Common Stock During the year ended October 31, 2025, cash dividends of $ 0.992 per share, or $ 282 million were declared and paid on the company's outstanding common stock. During the year ended October 31, 2024, cash dividends of $ 0.944 per share, or $ 274 million were declared and paid on the company's outstanding common stock. During the year ended October 31, 2023, cash dividends of $ 0.900 per share, or $ 265 million were declared and paid on the company's outstanding common stock. On November 19, 2025, we declared a quarterly dividend of $ 0.255 per share of common stock, or approximately $ 72 million which will be paid on January 28, 2026, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on January 6, 2026. The timing and amounts of any future dividends are subject to determination and approval by our board of directors. 116 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) by component and related tax effects for the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows: Net defined benefit pension cost and post retirement plan costs Foreign currency translation Prior service credits Actuarial Losses Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives Total (in millions) As of October 31, 2023 $ ( 301 ) $ 122 $ ( 165 ) $ 17 $ ( 327 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ( 11 ) — 65 ( 9 ) 45 Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ( 8 ) ( 1 ) ( 12 ) ( 2 ) ( 23 ) Tax (expense) benefit ( 3 ) — — 3 — Other comprehensive income (loss) ( 22 ) ( 1 ) 53 ( 8 ) 22 As of October 31, 2024 $ ( 323 ) $ 121 $ ( 112 ) $ 9 $ ( 305 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications 31 — 71 ( 1 ) 101 Amounts reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) — ( 1 ) ( 21 ) 8 ( 14 ) Tax (expense) benefit ( 5 ) — ( 2 ) ( 1 ) ( 8 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) 26 ( 1 ) 48 6 79 As of October 31, 2025 $ ( 297 ) $ 120 $ ( 64 ) $ 15 $ ( 226 ) 117 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the years ended October 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows (in millions): Details about Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) components Amounts Reclassified from Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Affected line item in statement of operations 2025 2024 Foreign currency translation $ — $ 8 Other income (expense), net — 8 Total before income tax — — (Provision) benefit for income tax — 8 Total net of income tax Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives $ ( 6 ) $ 4 Cost of products Unrealized gain (loss) on derivatives ( 2 ) ( 2 ) Interest expense ( 8 ) 2 Total before income tax 1 ( 1 ) (Provision) benefit for income tax ( 7 ) 1 Total net of income tax Net defined benefit pension cost and post retirement plan costs: Actuarial net gain (loss) 21 12 Other income (expense), net Prior service benefit 1 1 Other income (expense), net 22 13 Total before income tax ( 7 ) ( 4 ) (Provision) benefit for income tax 15 9 Total net of income tax Total reclassifications for the period $ 8 $ 18 Amounts in parentheses indicate reductions to income and increases to other comprehensive income (loss). Reclassifications out of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of actuarial net gain (loss) and prior service benefit in respect of retirement plans and post retirement pension plans are included in the computation of net periodic benefit cost (income) (see Note 15, "Retirement Plans and Post Retirement Pension Plans" for additional information). 22. SEGMENT INFORMATION Our President and Chief Executive Officer is the chief operating decision maker ("CODM"). The three operating segments were determined based primarily on how the CODM views and evaluates our operations. The CODM uses segment net revenue and income from operations to assess the performance of the segments by reviewing budget to actual variances on a monthly basis. The CODM also uses segment net revenue and income from operations when making decisions about allocating capital and personnel resources predominantly during the annual strategic planning process. The CODM does not evaluate the segments using asset or liability information. Description of Segments. We are a global leader in life sciences, diagnostics and applied markets, providing application focused solutions that include instruments, software, services and consumables for the entire laboratory workflow. In November 2024, we announced a change in our organizational structure to support our market-focused, customer-centric strategy. Our former Diagnostics and Genomics segment combined with our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry instrument platforms to form our new Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment. Our chemistries and supplies, laboratory automation, and software and informatics divisions moved from our former Life Sciences and Applied Markets segment to our Agilent CrossLab segment. The remaining divisions in our former Life Sciences and Applied Markets segment which includes our gas chromatography, gas chromatography mass spectrometry, remarketed instruments, spectroscopy and vacuum divisions formed our new Applied Markets segment. Following this re-organization, we have three business segments - Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets, Agilent CrossLab and Applied Markets, each of which comprises a reportable segment. All historical financial segment information has 118 AGILENT TECHNOLOGIES, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) been recast to conform to this new presentation. A description of our three reportable segments is as follows: Our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment is comprised of seven areas of activity. We provide active pharmaceutical ingredients for oligo-based therapeutics as well as solutions that include reagents, instruments, software and consumables, which enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the cellular and molecular level. First, our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry businesses enable customers in the clinical and life sciences research areas to interrogate samples at the molecular and cellular level. Second, our cell analysis business includes instruments, reagents, software, and labware associated with unique live-cell analysis platforms in addition to mainstream flow cytometers, plate-readers, and plate washers/dispensers which are used across a broad range of applications. Third, our specialty contract development and manufacturing organization ("CDMO") business provides services related to and the production of synthesized oligonucleotides under pharmaceutical good manufacturing practices conditions for use as active pharmaceutical ingredients in a class of drugs that utilize nucleic acid molecules for disease therapy. BIOVECTRA capabilities include microbial fermentation, bioreagents, highly potent active pharmaceutical ingredients, peptide purification and biomanufacturing capabilities in several nucleic acid modalities. Together, our BIOVECTRA and nucleic acid solutions businesses comprise our specialty CDMO offerings to our customers providing clinical-to-commercial scale production capabilities. Fourth, our pathology solutions business is focused on product offerings for cancer diagnostics and anatomic pathology workflows. The broad portfolio of offerings includes immunohistochemistry, in situ hybridization, hematoxylin and eosin staining and special staining. This business further provides clinical flow cytometry reagents for routine cancer diagnostics. This business also provides bulk antibodies as

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and associated assay development services to in vitro diagnostics manufacturers, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. Fifth, we also collaborate with several major pharmaceutical companies to develop new potential tissue pharmacodiagnostics, also known as companion diagnostics, which may be used to identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. Sixth, our genomics business includes reagents to support next-generation sequencing workflows and arrays. This business also includes solutions that enable clinical labs to identify DNA variants associated with genetic disease and help direct cancer therapy. Finally, our biomolecular analysis business provides complete workflow solutions, including instruments, consumables and software, for quality control analysis of nucleic acid samples. Samples are analyzed using quantitative and qualitative techniques to ensure accuracy in further genomics analysis techniques including next-generation sequencing, utilized in clinical and life science research applications. We employed approximately 6,300 people as of October 31, 2025 in our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Key End Markets Our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment sells primarily into the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical, diagnostics and clinical and academic and government markets. We also sell in the applied markets: chemicals and advanced materials, food and environmental and forensics. The Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical Market. This market consists of "for-profit" companies which participate across the pharmaceutical value chain in the areas of therapeutic research and discovery, preclinical efficacy, pharmacokinetic, safety testing, clinical trials, therapeutic manufacturing, quality assurance and quality control. Within the pharmaceutical market, a sub-segment of customers are focused on small molecule drugs known as new chemical entities and small molecule active pharmaceutical ingredients. Another sub-segment of the market is our biopharmaceutical customers, who are focused on biologic entities or biosimilar drugs for human or animal use. This biopharmaceutical classification also includes customers that manufacture biological components and/or biological active ingredients. Biologic drug components and active ingredients include monoclonal antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, fusion or recombinant proteins, therapeutic proteins (e.g., cytokines and insulin), peptides, oligonucleotides, cell and gene therapy and vaccines. Additionally, due to the rapid development of novel targeted therapeutic modalities and the need for improved efficacy and patient stratification in the field of oncology, pharmaceutical companies are partnering with diagnostic companies to bring validated tests to the market with their new drugs. Our primary focus is on biopharmaceutical companies working with advanced therapeutic modalities (e.g., cell and gene therapies) where we provide a suite of research tools and companion diagnostic development services. Additionally, we provide active pharmaceutical ingredient contract development and manufacturing services for oligonucleotide-based therapeutic modalities. 4 Table of Contents Through our contract development and manufacturing organization business, we offer our pharmaceutical customers specialized manufacturing capabilities for targeted therapeutics, including the production of antibody drug conjugates, high potency active pharmaceutical ingredients, and active pharmaceutical ingredients via microbial fermentation. Our nucleic acid solutions and BIOVECTRA businesses are able to deliver a single source for gene editing therapeutics. Our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry businesses provide instruments that enable customers performing life sciences and pharmaceutical research to interrogate biologically relevant metabolites, lipids, protein, and cellular systems to understand fundamental biological processes, as well as the underlying mechanisms of cancer and other disease initiation and progression. The goal is to use this information to develop new therapeutic strategies and drugs as well as new diagnostic tests. Our mass spectrometry technologies are employed by researchers to identify and quantify individual or whole classes of metabolites, lipids, or proteins involved in basic cellular processes and elucidate those which are quantitatively or qualitatively altered in disease states, as well as to identify those which may be useful as biomarkers for a disease. The Diagnostics and Clinical Market. The diagnostics and clinical market focus within the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment is to provide instruments, software, reagents, and consumables that enable customers to perform clinical research and routine testing. Our high-quality, automated pathology tissue staining platforms and solutions are used most heavily by the large labs located in hospitals, medical centers, and reference labs. The market focus is on mature economies primarily in North America, Western Europe and Japan. The mix is changing, however, as emerging markets increase spending on human health. The clinical market for our genomics business consists of high complexity clinical labs performing patient testing, including "for-profit" reference laboratories, hospital labs, and molecular diagnostic companies. While some labs purchase in vitro diagnostics labeled testing kits, others often develop and validate their own molecular based tests. Analyte specific reagents are often used by these labs. Our liquid chromatography and liquid chromatography mass spectrometry businesses provide instruments that enable customers performing clinical research to interrogate biologically relevant metabolites, lipids, protein, and cellular systems to understand fundamental biological processes, as well as the underlying mechanisms of cancer and other disease initiation and progression. The goal is to use this information to develop new therapeutic strategies and drugs as well as new diagnostic tests. The Academic and Government Market. This market consists primarily of "not-for-profit" organizations and includes academic institutions, large government institutes and privately funded organizations. The academic and government market plays an influential role in technology adoption and therapeutic developments for pharmaceutical and molecular diagnostics companies. Our Seahorse, xCELLigence, Novocyte, and BioTek platform technologies are used both stand-alone and in conjunction with mass spectrometry to understand underlying cellular physiology and interactions in normal and diseased states, as well to help understand how new drugs and therapies alter the composition, function, or interaction of cells. In addition, our XCELLigence and Novocyte technologies can be used to characterize and quantify immune cell response (for example cytotoxicity). The Chemicals and Advanced Materials Market. Our products and solutions are used throughout the chemicals sector in the development, manufacturing, and quality control of commodity chemicals, specialty and agrochemicals, and fine chemicals. Chemical market customers use our products to maintain, optimize, and enable higher productivity and profitability for labs, and support quality control and compliance with environmental and safety regulations. The upstream petroleum exploration and refining markets use our products to analyze natural gas, crude oil composition, perform intermediate material analysis, verify and improve refining processes and ensure the overall quality of gasoline, fuels, lubricants and other products. Additionally, our products are used to support the testing for safety, quality, and compliance across the value chains of advanced materials – including semiconductors, batteries, and specially engineered polymers and polymeric materials. The Food Market. Our instruments and workflow solutions are used throughout the food production chain, including incoming inspection, new product development, quality control and assurance, and packaging. For example, our mass spectrometer portfolio is used to analyze contaminants and residual pesticides in food. There is also a significant food safety market involved in analyzing food for pathogen contamination, accurate verification of species type and evidence of genetically modified content. The Environmental and Forensics Market. Our instruments, software and workflow solutions are used by the environmental market for applications such as laboratory and field analysis of regulated and unregulated chemical pollutants in air, water, soil and solid waste. Environmental industry customers include all levels of government, the industrial and manufacturing sectors, engineering and consulting companies, commercial testing laboratories, public and private utilities and colleges and universities. Drug testing and forensics laboratories use our instruments, software and workflow solutions for applications such as analyzing evidence associated with crime, screening athletes for performance enhancing drugs, analyzing samples for recreational drugs, or detecting and identifying biological and chemical warfare agents. Some of our instruments are used in mobile laboratories as well. Customers include local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies and 5 Table of Contents health laboratories. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Products and Applications Our products fall into these main areas of work: liquid chromatography  systems and components, liquid chromatography mass spectrometry systems, pathology, cell analysis, companion diagnostics, genomics, contract development and manufacturing organization and biomolecular analysis. Liquid Chromatography A liquid chromatograph, high-performance liquid chromatograph or ultra-high performance liquid chromatograph is used to separate molecules of a liquid mixture to determine the quantity and identity of the molecules present. The Agilent liquid chromatography portfolio is largely modular in construction and can be configured as analytical and preparative systems. These systems can be stepwise upgraded to highly sophisticated, automated workflow solutions such as method development, multi‑method/walk-up, high-capacity/high-throughput or multi‑dimensional liquid chromatography and can be extended to application‑based analyzers (e.g., for bio-molecular separations, chiral analysis or size exclusion chromatography). As a leader in liquid chromatography, we continue to expand our application space with new high-performance liquid chromatograph columns, new services and ongoing instrument and software product enhancements. Liquid Chromatography Mass Spectrometry A mass spectrometer identifies and quantifies compounds based on their molecular mass and characteristic patterns of fragment ion masses that result when a molecule is broken apart. A mass spectrometer is an important tool in analyzing a broad spectrum of analytes, from small molecules, such as pesticides, to large molecules, such as intact proteins and other biological entities. Liquid chromatography is commonly used to separate compounds and introduce them to the mass spectrometer system. Our liquid chromatography mass spectrometry portfolio includes instruments built around four main analyzer types - single quadrupole, triple quadrupole, time-of-flight and quadrupole time-of-flight. We significantly expanded our mass spectrometry portfolio in recent years with a focus on improving performance, sensitivity, precision, robustness, ease of use and onboard intelligence. Pathology This area consists of routine clinical solutions for tissue-based cancer diagnostics with solutions that comprise antibodies, reagents, instruments and software targeting both primary and advanced cancer diagnostics. Our CoverStainer and Artisan based product families target primary cancer diagnostics through hematoxylin and eosin staining as well as special stains for additional insights and detection of potentially carcinogenic tissue. Dako Omnis and Autostainer based immunohistochemistry solution and instant quality fluorescence in situ hybridization technologies provide advanced tumor typing through investigation of protein and gene expression. These products also include companion diagnostic tests that are used to help identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. Our bulk antibodies business partners with in vitro diagnostics manufacturers, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies by offering antibodies as raw materials and a range of associated assay development services and solutions. We operate in several areas of clinical relevance for the customers and address multiple technologies such as turbidimetry, gel techniques and chemiluminescence immunoassays. In the area of flow cytometry reagents we provide reagents and kits directly to clinical laboratories working in routine cancer diagnostics, with particular focus on blood cancers. Cell Analysis Our cell analysis tools are used to study cell signaling pathways, general cell function and behavior through metabolic profile analysis, real-time cellular impedance measurements, and traditional cytometry techniques. Characterizing cellular behavior and function is an increasingly critical step in understanding normal behavior versus diseased states, advancements of those diseases, and response to therapies, providing researchers with a more targeted approach for drug discovery and ultimately more effective therapeutics. Our cell analysis portfolio includes cell analysis plate-based assays, flow cytometer, real-time cell analyzer, microplate reader, cell imaging system and related consumables. 6 Table of Contents Companion Diagnostics In our companion diagnostics business, we partner with several major pharmaceutical companies to develop new potential pharmacodiagnostics, which may be used to identify patients most likely to benefit from a specific targeted therapy. We support pharmaceutical companies during each phase of their drug development process, from early pre-clinical through commercial launch activities. Companion diagnostics has a history of developing clinically relevant and validated tests, with accurate and effective scoring and interpretation guidelines, that enable successful regulatory approvals in our worldwide markets. Genomics We provide a next-generation sequencing target enrichment portfolio which enables customers to select specific target regions of the genome for sequencing. Customers can customize our products for their regions of interest including gene panels for specific applications and exome designs, which allow analysis of the entire coding sequences of the genome. We provide microarrays for comparative genomic hybridization, mostly used by customers in cytogenetic laboratories. The arrays allow customers to detect genome-wide copy number alterations with high levels of resolution (from entire chromosomal copy number changes to specific microdeletions or duplications). Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization Our contract development and manufacturing organization business provides equipment and expertise focused on mid to large scale production of synthesized oligonucleotide active pharmaceutical ingredients under pharmaceutical good manufacturing practices conditions for a class of drugs that utilize oligonucleotide molecules for disease therapy. These drugs have advanced from single strand DNA molecules to complex, highly modified molecules including antisense, aptamers, double-stranded RNA, and guide RNA. These advancements in technology have greatly improved the efficacy of delivery and stability of the oligos in-vivo. Our nucleic acid solutions business offers industry leading experience to efficiently advance our customers' oligo drug candidates from clinical trials to commercial scale volumes with a common goal of patient health and safety. We offer our pharmaceutical customers even more specialized manufacturing capabilities for targeted therapeutics. Together, our BIOVECTRA and nucleic acid solutions businesses provide clinical-to-commercial scale production capabilities. Biomolecular Analysis Automated electrophoresis is a separation technique for biomolecules such as proteins, peptides and nucleic acids (RNA and DNA) and is used to determine the identity of a molecule by either size or charge. It is widely used as a quality control tool to check sample integrity prior to subsequent analysis. Prominent examples are nucleic acid preparation products in front of polymerase chain reaction, next-generation sequencing and microarrays. More recently, quality control based on automated electrophoresis products has become essential throughout in-vitro transcription mRNA workflows, including vaccine development and therapeutics. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Customers We had approximately 22,200 customers for our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment in fiscal year 2025. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Sales, Marketing and Support We deploy a multi-channel approach, marketing products to our customers through direct sales, electronic commerce, resellers, manufacturers' representatives and distributors. We primarily use direct sales to market our solutions to customer accounts. Sales agents supplement direct sales by providing broader geographic coverage and coverage of smaller accounts. Our active reseller program augments our ability to provide more complete solutions to our customers. We sell our consumables products through distributors, electronic commerce and direct sales. 7 Table of Contents Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets  - Manufacturing Our manufacturing supports our diverse product range and customer-centric focus. We assemble highly configurable products to individual customer orders and make standard products to stock. We employ advanced manufacturing techniques and supply chain management systems to reduce costs and manufacturing cycle times. We selectively use third parties to provide some supply chain processes for manufacturing, warehousing and logistics. In the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in California, Colorado, Delaware, Iowa, Massachusetts, Texas and Vermont. Outside of the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in Canada, China, Denmark, Germany, Malaysia and Singapore. Our FDA registered sites include California, Colorado, Texas, Vermont, Canada, Denmark and Germany. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Competition The analytical product sets in the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets in which we compete are characterized by evolving industry standards and intense competition. Our principal competitors in the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets arena include: AB Sciex., a division of Danaher Corporation, Avecia, a division of Nitto Denko, Bruker, Inc., Leica Biosystems, Inc., a division of Danaher Corporation, Roche Ventana Medical Systems, Inc., a member of the Roche Group, Shimadzu Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc., Twist Bioscience Corporation and Waters Corporation. We compete on the basis of product performance, reliability, support quality, applications expertise, whole solution offering, global channel coverage and price. Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets - Government Regulation Some of the products the Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets segment sells are subject to regulatory approval by the FDA and other regulatory bodies throughout the world. These regulations govern a wide variety of product related activities, from quality management, design and development to labeling, manufacturing, promotion, sales and distribution. We continually invest in our manufacturing infrastructure to gain and maintain certifications necessary for the level of clearance. Agilent CrossLab Our Agilent CrossLab segment provides an extensive services and consumables portfolio that spans the entire lab, in addition to software and laboratory automation solutions, which are designed to improve customer outcomes and represents a broad range of offerings designed to serve customer needs across end-markets and applications. Our services portfolio includes repairs, parts, maintenance, installations, training, compliance support, software as a service, asset management, consulting and various other custom services to support the customers' laboratory operations. Custom services are tailored to meet the specific application needs of various industries and to keep instruments fully operational and compliant with the respective industry requirem ents. Our consumables portfolio is designed to improve customer outcomes. Most of the portfolio is vendor neutral, meaning we can serve and supply customers regardless of their instrument purchase choices. Solutions range from chemistries to supplies. Key product categories in consumables include gas chromatography and liquid chromatography columns, sample preparation products, custom chemistries, and a large selection of laboratory supplies. Software and informatics solutions include software for instrument control, data acquisition, data analysis, secure storage of results, and laboratory information and workflow management. This software facilitates the compliant use of instruments in pharmaceutical quality assurance and quality control environments. The OpenLab laboratory software suite is a scalable, open software platform that enables customers to capture, analyze, and share scientific data throughout the lab and across the enterprise. Laboratory automation offers automated sample preparation solutions, including liquid handling, plate management, consumables and scheduling software. These solutions range from standalone automation platforms to integrated workflow solutions with seamless integration to our instrumentation. Our Agilent CrossLab segment employed approximately 7,400 people as of October 31, 2025. Agilent CrossLab - Key End Markets The Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical Market . This market consists of “for-profit” companies which participate across the pharmaceutical value chain in the areas of therapeutic research and discovery, preclinical efficacy, pharmacokinetic, safety testing, clinical trials, therapeutic manufacturing, quality assurance and quality control. Within the pharmaceutical market, a sub-segment of customers are focused on small molecule drugs known as new chemical entities and small molecule active pharmaceutical ingredients. Another sub-segment of the market is our biopharmaceutical customers, who are focused on biologic entities or biosimilar drugs for human or animal use. This biopharmaceutical classification also includes customers that manufacture biological components and/or biological active ingredients. Biologic drug components and active ingredients 8 Table of Contents include monoclonal antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, fusion or recombinant proteins, therapeutic proteins (e.g., cytokines and insulin), peptides, oligonucleotides, cell and gene therapy and vaccines. Additionally, due to the rapid development of novel targeted therapeutic modalities and the need for improved efficacy and patient stratification in the field of oncology, pharmaceutical companies are partnering with diagnostic companies to bring validated tests to the market with their new drugs. The Academic and Government Market. W e support customers in this market that consist primarily of "not-for-profit" organizations and include academic institutions, large government institutes and privately funded organizations. The academic and government market plays an influential role in technology adoption and therapeutic developments for pharmaceutical and molecular diagnostics companies. The Chemicals and Advanced Materials Market. Our services, consumables, software and technical support are used throughout the chemicals sector in the development, manufacturing, and quality control of commodity chemicals, specialty and agrochemicals, and fine chemicals. Chemical market customers use our services, consumables, software and technical support to maintain, optimize, and enable higher productivity and profitability for labs, and support quality control and compliance with environmental and safety regulations. The upstream petroleum exploration and refining markets use our services, software and technical support to analyze natural gas, crude oil composition, perform intermediate material analysis, verify and improve refining processes and ensure overall quality of gasoline, fuels, lubricants and other products. Additionally, our services, consumables, software and technical support are used to support the testing for safety, quality, and compliance across the value chains of advanced materials – including semiconductors, batteries, and specially engineered polymers and polymeric materials, minerals and metals, thin film & optics, consumer products and packing materials – from the upstream raw materials, materials production, and final products to the end markets and recycling. The Environmental and Forensics Market. We support the environmental industry customers that perform laboratory and field analysis of chemical pollutants in air, water, soil and solid waste. Environmental industry customers include all levels of government, the industrial and manufacturing sectors, engineering and consulting companies, commercial testing laboratories and colleges and universities. We also support drug testing and forensics laboratories that are involved with analyzing evidence associated with crime, screening athletes for performance enhancing drugs, analyzing samples for recreational drugs, or detecting and identifying biological and chemical warfare agents. Customers include local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies and commercial testing laboratories. The Food Market. We support the food production chain, including incoming inspection, new product development, quality control and assurance, and packaging. Our services also support the food safety market in their work to analyze food for concerns ranging from pathogen contamination and genetic modification to species verification and others. Agilent CrossLab - Products and Applications Services and Support We offer a wide range of startup, operational, educational and compliance support services for our measurement and data handling systems. Our support services include maintenance, troubleshooting, repair and training for all of our chemical and bioanalytical instrumentation hardware and software products. With advances in digital and virtual support technologies, many of those services can be offered remotely. Special service bundles have also been designed to meet the specific application needs of various industries. As customers continue to outsource laboratory operations and consolidate suppliers, our enterprise services consist of a broad portfolio of integrated laboratory management services including instrument services, lab supply management, asset management, procurement, informatics and scientific services. Advancements in our offering of software and service solutions will help our customers more efficiently operate a digitally connected smart lab that can derive value out of data analytics, artificial intelligence and robotics. Chemistries and Supplies We offer a broad range of market specific consumables and supplies to complete customers' analytical workflows from sample preparation through separation and analysis to storage, with the support of our technology platforms. This includes sample preparation consumables such as solid phase extraction and filtration products, self-manufactured gas chromatography and liquid chromatography columns, together with chemical standards. Consumables products also include proprietary scientific instrument parts and supplies such as filters and fittings for gas chromatography and liquid chromatography systems; lamps and cuvettes for ultraviolet visible near infrared, fluorescence, fourier transform infrared and raman spectroscopy instruments; and graphite furnace tubes, hollow cathode lamps and specialized sample introduction glassware for our atomic 9 Table of Contents absorption, inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry and inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry products. Software and Informatics We provide informatics and scientific software for instrument control, data acquisition, data analysis, secure storage of results, and laboratory information/workflow management. Our software facilitates the compliant use of instruments in pharmaceutical quality assurance/quality control environments. With our OpenLab Laboratory Software Suite, Agilent has a scalable, open software platform that enables customers to capture, analyze, and share scientific data throughout the lab and across the enterprise. Laboratory Automation We offer a portfolio of unique sample preparation automated solutions that are key to a comprehensive suite of workflow solutions to our customers. This includes liquid handling, plate management, unique consumables and scheduling software with solutions that range from standalone instrumentation to bench-top automation solutions. These solutions strengthen our offering of automated sample preparation across a broad range of applications which are integrated with several of our analytical and next-generation sequencing platforms across the company. Agilent CrossLab - Customers We had approximately 59,700 Agilent CrossLab customers in fiscal year 2025. A significant number of our Agilent CrossLab customers are also customers of our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets and Applied Markets segments. The service and consumables businesses are  mostly recurring in nature and are less susceptible to market seasonality and industry cycles in comparison to our instrument businesses. The vendor neutral portion of the portfolio allows the business to perform relatively independent from our instrument business. The software business is tied to the installed base and new instrument sales and is somewhat dependent on industry cycles tied to our instrument business.  The automation business is the part of the business that is most tied to general instrument business cycles. Agilent CrossLab - Sales, Marketing and Support We deploy a multi-channel approach, marketing services to our customers through direct sales, electronic commerce, resellers, manufacturers' representatives and distributors. We primarily use direct sales to market our solutions to our large accounts. Sales agents supplement direct sales by providing broader geographic coverage and coverage of smaller accounts. Our active reseller program augments our ability to provide more complete solutions to our customers. Some of our service contract sales are processed by our digital commerce infrastructure. All channels are supported by technical product and application specialists to meet our customers' specific requirements. We deliver our support services to customers in a variety of ways, including on-site assistance with repair or exchange of returned products, as well as a growing number of remote service delivery options. In addition to the traditional telephone support and on-site service, our teams remotely engage customers through various digital tools and omni-channel platforms. We also offer special industry-focused service bundles that are designed to meet the specific needs of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical, advanced materials, environmental and hydrocarbon processing customers to keep instruments fully operational and compliant with the respective industry requirements. Our products typically come with standard warranties, and extended warranties are available for additional cost. Agilent CrossLab -  Manufacturing Our manufacturing supports our diverse product range and customer-centric focus. We assemble highly configurable products to individual customer orders and make standard products to stock. We employ advanced manufacturing techniques and supply chain management systems to reduce costs and manufacturing cycle times. Our manufacturing process then converts these designs into standard as well as custom products for shipment to customers. We selectively use third parties to provide some supply chain processes for manufacturing, warehousing and logistics. Inside the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in California, Delaware and Rhode Island. Outside of the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in Germany, Netherlands, Singapore and the United Kingdom. In addition, our direct service delivery organization is regionally based and operating in 28 countries. 10 Table of Contents Agilent CrossLab - Competition Our principal competitors include many of our competitors from our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets and Applied Markets segments, such as: Danaher Corporation, PerkinElmer Inc., Shimadzu Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and Waters Corporation, as well as numerous niche service providers. We compete on the basis of product performance, reliability, support quality, applications expertise, global channel coverage and price. Applied Markets Our Applied Markets segment provides application-focused solutions that include instruments and software that enable customers to identify, quantify and analyze the physical and biological properties of substances and products. Our gas chromatography and gas chromatography mass spectrometry businesses enable customers to perform a wide variety of testing including measuring volatile and semi-volatile contaminants to assess the safety of our foods, quality of water and consumer products while also enabling testing of fuels and purity of chemicals. Our inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry, inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry, atomic absorption and microwave plasma-atomic emission spectrometry instruments are vital for our customers to measure metals and elemental signatures in their samples and find uses in the food safety, environmental quality, chemicals manufacture, advanced materials, energy and forensics markets. Our molecular spectroscopy business including the raman, fluorescence and infrared spectroscopy instruments offer both in-field and in-lab testing solutions in a diverse variety of applications including airport security, explosives testing, narcotics, food quality and chemical characterization. Our vacuum business develops cutting edge products and technologies to test vacuum environments and find uses in a diverse variety of industries including semi-conductor, batteries, chemical manufacturing and advanced materials development. Finally, our remarketed instruments business refurbishes and resells certified pre-owned instruments to value-oriented customers who would like Agilent quality and performance at a budget conscious price. We employed approximately 2,500 people as of October 31, 2025 in our Applied Markets segment. Applied Markets - Key End Markets The Chemicals and Advanced Materials Market .  Our products and solutions are used throughout the chemicals sector in the development, manufacturing, and quality control of commodity chemicals, specialty and agrochemicals, and fine chemicals.  Chemical market customers use our products to determine chemical composition, perform impurity analysis, qualify raw materials, conduct materials characterization, and verify and ensure the environmental safety of operations and employees. The upstream petroleum exploration and refining markets use our products to analyze natural gas, crude oil composition, perform intermediate material analysis, verify and improve refining processes and ensure the overall quality of gasoline, fuels, lubricants and other products. Our products are used to test for safety, quality, and compliance across the value chains of advanced materials – including semiconductors/electronics, batteries, specially engineered polymers and polymeric materials, minerals and metals, thin film & optics, consumer products and packing materials – from the upstream raw materials, materials production, and final products to the end markets and recycling. The Environmental and Forensics Market. Our instruments, software and workflow solution s are used by the environmental market for applications such as laboratory and field analysis of regulated and unregulated chemical pollutants in air, water, soil and solid waste. Environmental industry customers include all levels of government, the industrial and manufacturing sectors, engineering and consulting companies, commercial testing laboratories, public and private utilities and colleges and universities. Drug testing and forensics laboratories use our instruments and software and workflow solutions for applications such as analyzing evidence associated with crime, screening athletes for performance enhancing drugs, analyzing samples for recreational drugs, or detecting and identifying biological and chemical warfare agents. Some of our instruments are used in mobile laboratories as well. Customers include local, state, federal, and international law enforcement agencies and health laboratories. The Food Market. Our instruments and software solutions are used throughout the food production chain, including incoming inspection, new product development, quality control and assurance, and packaging. For example, our mass spectrometer portfolio is used to analyze contaminants and residual pesticides in food. There is also a significant food safety market involved in analyzing food for pathogen contamination, accurate verification of species type and evidence of genetically modified content. 11 Table of Contents The Academic and Government Market. This market consists primarily of “not-for-profit” organizations and includes academic institutions, large government institutes and privately funded organizations. The academic and government market plays an influential role in technology adoption and therapeutic developments for pharmaceutical and molecular diagnostics companies. The Pharmaceutical and Biopharmaceutical Market. This market consists of “for-profit” companies which participate across the pharmaceutical value chain in the areas of therapeutic research and discovery, preclinical efficacy, pharmacokinetic, safety testing, clinical trials, therapeutic manufacturing, quality assurance and quality control. Within the pharmaceutical market, a sub-segment of customers are focused on small molecule drugs known as new chemical entities and small molecule active pharmaceutical ingredients. Another sub-segment of the market is our biopharmaceutical customers, who are focused on biologic entities or biosimilar drugs for human or animal use. This biopharmaceutical classification also includes customers that manufacture biological components and/or biological active ingredients. Biologic drug components and active ingredients include monoclonal antibodies, antibody-drug conjugates, fusion or recombinant proteins, therapeutic proteins (e.g., cytokines and insulin), peptides, oligonucleotides, cell and gene therapy and vaccines. Additionally, due to the rapid development of novel targeted therapeutic modalities and the need for improved efficacy and patient stratification in the field of oncology, pharmaceutical companies are partnering with diagnostic companies to bring validated tests to the market with their new drugs. Applied Markets - Products and Applications Our products fall into the following main areas of work: gas chromatography, mass spectrometry, spectroscopy, vacuum technology and remarketed instruments. Our key products and applications include the following technologies: Gas Chromatography Agilent is the world's leading provider of gas chromatographs, both laboratory and portable models. Gas chromatographs are used to separate any gas, liquid or solid that can be vaporized and then detect the molecules present to determine their identity and quantity. Agilent provides custom or standard analyzers configured for specific chemical analysis applications, such as detailed speciation of a complex hydrocarbon stream, calculation of gas calorific values in the field, or analysis of a new bio-fuel formulation. We also offer related software, accessories and consumables products for these and other similar instruments. Gas Chromatography Mass Spectrometry A mass spectrometer identifies and quantifies compounds based on their molecular mass and characteristic patterns of fragment ion masses that result when a molecule is broken apart. A mass spectrometer is an important tool in analyzing a broad spectrum of analytes, from small molecules, such as pesticides, to large molecules, such as intact proteins and other biological entities. Gas chromatography is commonly used to separate compounds and introduce them to the mass spectrometer system. Our gas chromatography mass spectrometry portfolio includes instruments built around three main analyzer types - single quadrupole, triple quadrupole, and quadrupole time-of-flight. We significantly expanded our mass spectrometry portfolio in recent years with a focus on improving performance, sensitivity, precision, robustness, ease of use and onboard intelligence. Spectroscopy Spectroscopy is a technique for analyzing the individual chemical components of substances based on the absorption or emission of electromagnetic radiation of specific wavelengths of light. Our spectroscopy instruments include atomic absorption spectrometers, microwave plasma-atomic emission spectrometers, inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry, inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry, fluorescence spectrophotometers, ultraviolet-visible spectrophotometers, fourier transform infrared spectrometers, near-infrared spectrometers, raman spectrometers and sample automation products. We also offer related software, accessories and consumables products for these and other similar instruments. 12 Table of Contents Vacuum Technology Our vacuum technologies products are used to create, control, measure and test vacuum environments in life science, industrial and scientific applications where ultra-clean, high-vacuum environments are needed. Vacuum technologies' customers are typically OEMs that manufacture equipment for these applications, or government and research organizations that require vacuum solutions in their facilities. Products include a wide range of high and ultra-high vacuum pumps (diffusion, turbo molecular and ion getter), primary vacuum pumps (rotary vane and dry scroll), vacuum instrumentation (vacuum control instruments, sensor gauges and meters) and vacuum components (valves, flanges and other mechanical hardware). These products also include helium mass spectrometry and helium-sensing leak detection instruments used to identify and measure leaks in hermetic or vacuum environments. In addition to product sales, we also offer a wide range of services including an exchange and rebuild program, assistance with the design and integration of vacuum systems, applications support and training in basic and advanced vacuum technologies. Remarketed Instruments We refurbish and resell certified pre-owned instruments to value-oriented customers who would like Agilent quality and performance at a budget conscious price. Applied Markets - Customers We had approximately 17,200 customers for our Applied Markets segment in fiscal year 2025. A significant number of our Applied Markets customers are also customers of our Agilent CrossLab segment. Applied Markets -  Sales, Marketing and Support We deploy a multi-channel approach, marketing products to our customers through direct sales, electronic commerce, resellers, manufacturers' representatives and distributors. We primarily use direct sales to market our solutions to our pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical, life science research and applied market accounts. Sales agents supplement direct sales by providing broader geographic coverage and coverage of smaller accounts. Our active reseller program augments our ability to provide more complete solutions to our customers. We sell our consumables products through distributors, electronic commerce and direct sales. Our products typically come with standard warranties, and extended warranties are available for additional cost. Applied Markets - Manufacturing Our manufacturing supports our diverse product range and customer-centric focus. We assemble highly configurable products to individual customer orders and make standard products to stock. We employ advanced manufacturing techniques and supply chain management systems to reduce costs and manufacturing cycle times. Our manufacturing process then converts these designs into standard as well as custom products for shipment to customers. We selectively use third parties to provide some supply chain processes for manufacturing, warehousing and logistics. Inside the U.S., we have a manufacturing facility in Delaware. Outside of the U.S., we have manufacturing facilities in Australia, China, Italy, Malaysia, and Singapore. Applied Markets - Competition The markets for analytical instruments in which we compete are characterized by evolving industry standards and intense competition. Our principal competitors in the applied markets arena include: Danaher Corporation, PerkinElmer Inc., Shimadzu Corporation, Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. and Waters Corporation. We compete on the basis of product performance, reliability, support quality, applications expertise, global channel coverage and price. Global Infrastructure Organization We provide support to our business segments through our global infrastructure organization. This support includes services in the areas of finance, tax, treasury, legal, real estate, insurance services, workplace services, human resources, information technology services, quality and regulatory services, corporate development and other corporate infrastructure expenses. Generally, these organizations are managed from Santa Clara, California, with operations and services provided worldwide. As of October 31, 2025, our global infrastructure organization employed approximately 1,900 people worldwide. 13 Table of Contents Agilent Order Fulfillment Organizations Our order fulfillment and supply chain organization ("OFS") focuses on order fulfillment and supply chain operations in our businesses. OFS provides resources for manufacturing, engineering, logistics, and strategic sourcing to our respective businesses. In general, OFS employees are dedicated to specific businesses and the associated costs are directly allocated to those businesses. The following discussions of Research and Development, Backlog, Intellectual Property, Materials, Environmental, Regulatory Affairs and Human Capital Management include information common to each of our business segments. Research and Development We anticipate that we will continue to have significant research and development expenditures in order to maintain our competitive position with a continuing flow of innovative, high-quality products and services. Our research and development efforts focus on potential new products and product improvements covering a wide variety of technologies, none of which is individually significant to our operations. Our research seeks to improve on various technical competencies in software, systems and solutions. In each of these research fields, we conduct research that is focused on specific product development for release in the short-term as well as other research that is intended to be the foundation for future products over a longer time-horizon. Most of our product development research is designed to improve products already in production, focus on major new product releases, and develop new product segments for the future. We remain committed to invest significantly in research and development and have focused our development efforts on key strategic opportunities to align our business with available markets and position ourselves to capture market share. Backlog We believe that backlog is not a meaningful indicator of future business prospects for our business segments since a significant portion of our revenue for a given quarter is derived from the current quarter's orders. Therefore, we believe that backlog information is not material to an understanding of our business. Intellectual Property We generate patent and other intellectual property rights covering significant inventions and other innovations in order to create a competitive advantage. While we believe that our licenses, patents and other intellectual property rights have value, in general no single license, patent or other intellectual property right is in itself material. In addition, our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented or may otherwise not provide significant competitive advantage. Materials Our Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets, Agilent CrossLab and Applied Markets segments all purchase materials from thousands of suppliers on a global basis. Some of the parts that require custom design work are not readily available from alternate suppliers due to their unique design or the length of time necessary for design work. Our long-term relationships with suppliers allow us to proactively manage technology road maps and product discontinuance plans and monitor their financial health. To address any potential disruption in our supply chain, we use a number of techniques, including qualifying multiple sources of supply and redesign of products for alternative components. In addition, while we generally attempt to keep our inventory at minimal levels, we do purchase incremental inventory as circumstances warrant to protect the supply chain. Environmental Our research and development, manufacturing and distribution operations involve the use of hazardous substances and are regulated under international, federal, state and local laws governing health and safety and the environment. We apply strict standards for protection of the environment and occupational health and safety to sites inside and outside the U.S., even if not subject to regulation imposed by foreign governments. We believe that our properties and operations at our facilities comply in all material respects with applicable environmental laws and occupational health and safety laws. We are also regulated under a number of international, federal, state, and local laws regarding recycling, product packaging and product content requirements. We believe we are substantially in compliance with such environmental, product content/disposal and recycling laws. We also maintain a comprehensive Environmental Site Liability insurance policy which may cover certain clean-up costs or legal claims related to environmental contamination. This policy covers specified active, inactive and divested locations. 14 Table of Contents Climate change may impact our business by increasing operating costs due to impairments of our facilities and distribution systems, disruptions to our manufacturing processes and additional regulatory requirements. Although we address these potential risks in our business continuity planning, such events could make it difficult for us to deliver products and services to our customers and cause us to incur substantial expense. In addition to monitoring and managing compliance with environmental regulations, we strive to advance our sustainability practices. In 2021, we announced our goal to achieve net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.  In 2023, we announced near and long term greenhouse gas emission reduction targets. Regulatory Affairs A number of our products and services are subject to regulation by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services and certain similar foreign regulatory agencies. These regulations govern a wide variety of product and service related activities, from quality management, design and development to manufacturing, labeling, promotion, sales and distribution. If we fail to comply with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration regulations and other applicable regulatory requirements or are perceived to potentially have failed to comply, we may face, among other things, warning letters; adverse publicity; investigations or notices of non-compliance, fines, injunctions, and civil or criminal penalties; import or export restrictions; partial suspensions or total shutdown of production facilities or the imposition of operating restrictions; suspension or revocation of our license to operate; increased difficulty in obtaining required U.S. Food and Drug Administration clearances or approvals or foreign equivalents; seizures or recalls of our products or those of our customers; or the inability to sell our products. In May 2022, the European Union began enforcing the EU In Vitro Diagnostic Regulation, which imposes stricter requirements for the marketing and sale of in vitro diagnostics in the European Union. These regulations are more stringent in a variety of areas, including clinical evidence requirements, quality management systems and post-market surveillance activities. We are subject to laws and regulations governing government contracts, and failure to address these laws and regulations or comply with government contracts could harm our business by leading to a reduction in revenue associated with these customers. We have agreements relating to the sale of our products to government entities and, as a result, we are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing business with the government. We are also subject to investigation for compliance with the regulations governing government contracts. A failure to comply with these regulations could result in suspension of these contracts, criminal, civil and administrative penalties or debarment. We are also subject to various significant international, federal, state and local regulations in the areas of health and safety, packaging, product content, employment, labor and immigration, import/export controls, trade restrictions and anti-competition. In addition, geopolitical instability and evolving trade regulations, including tariffs, sanctions, and export controls, may restrict our ability to ship products globally or source critical components. These developments can increase costs, disrupt supply chains, and require operational adjustments.  A failure to comply with these regulations could result in penalties, loss of export privileges, and reputational harm. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in fines and penalties, criminal sanctions, restrictions on our business conduct and on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries, and could also materially affect our brand, our ability to attract and retain employees, our international operations, our business and our operating results. In addition, as a global organization, we are subject to data privacy and security laws, regulations, and customer-imposed controls in numerous jurisdictions as a result of having access to and processing confidential, personal, sensitive and/or patient health data in the course of our business. Global privacy laws, including the EU's General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR”), Brazil’s Lei Geral de Protecao de Dados , China's Personal Information Protection Law and Data Security Law, and the California Consumer Privacy Act, apply to our activities involving the processing of personal data, both in relation to our product and service offerings and the management of our workforce. The global proliferation of privacy laws, with governmental authorities around the world passing or considering passing legislative and regulatory proposals concerning privacy and data protection, continues to result in new requirements regarding the handling of personal data, with many such laws imposing significant penalties for non-compliance (including possible fines of up to four percent of total company revenue under the GDPR). Each of these privacy, security and data protection laws and regulations could impose significant limitations and increase our cost of providing our products and services where we process end user personal data and could harm our results of operations and expose us to significant fines, penalties and other damages. While we believe we are in compliance in all material respects with such laws and regulations, any noncompliance could result in substantial fines or otherwise restrict our ability to operate and thereby have an adverse effect on our financial condition. To date, none has had a material impact on our operations. 15 Table of Contents Human Capital Management As of October 31, 2025, we employed approximately 18,100 persons, of whom approximately 7,100 were based in the Americas, 4,400 in Europe and 6,600 in Asia Pacific. We also leverage temporary workers to provide flexibility for our business and manufacturing needs. Mission. Our instruments, software, services, solutions and people provide trusted answers to customers’ most challenging questions. Whether we are working with our customers to keep food supplies safe, improve the quality of air, water and soil, or fight cancer with more precise diagnoses and targeted treatments, our employees share a passion and commitment to advancing the quality of life. We believe that our future success largely depends upon our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees in order to fulfill that commitment. Engagement. We engage with our employees through consultation, surveys, ad-hoc feedback and reviews. Our executive officers hold all-managers meetings on a quarterly basis to provide business updates and answer questions. We conduct leadership surveys that allow employees to provide feedback on leadership effectiveness, culture and job satisfaction. We have an open-door policy where employees are encouraged and empowered to bring issues to management’s attention. Employees have regular performance reviews with immediate supervisors. Employee sessions are held regularly to share business and market updates and answer employee questions. People and Culture. As a global company, much of our success is rooted in our commitment to a work culture that values broad perspectives, respect for others, and strong engagement across the company. Agilent is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We believe in a workforce where employees with different perspectives and backgrounds are engaged and encouraged to leverage their collective talents. Retention . We provide our employees with competitive salaries and bonuses, opportunities for equity ownership, development programs that enable continued learning and growth and a robust employment package that promotes well-being across all aspects of their lives, including health care, retirement planning and paid time off. Our benefits are offered to eligible employees and comply with local legal requirements. We have a number of programs and policies designed to help employees in our workforce manage their work and personal lives while meeting company objectives for business success, including flexible work arrangements, health and welfare benefits, employee and family assistance plans and parental leave. Development . As part of our promotion and retention efforts, we also invest in ongoing leadership development for current and rising managers. Training at Agilent takes several forms: face-to-face classroom experiences, on-the-job learning, virtual classroom events and self-paced e-learning. We are committed to providing an environment in which employees can expand their knowledge, develop new skills, and contribute their best work. Our culture of continuous development instills in our employees the behaviors that bring our values to life every day. We encourage our people to stay up-to-date on current research and technology while enhancing their current skills and growing new skills to meet future needs; we also put special emphasis on training managers at all levels to effectively communicate, role model and reinforce our values and culture. Health and Safety. The health and safety of our employees is a top priority for us.  Our environmental, health and safety management system provides a framework for assessing and managing risks relating to health and safety. We ensure managers and employees receive periodic workplace safety training and provide wellness programs that contribute to the productivity, health, and well-being of employees. In addition, our crisis management program includes a global tool that enables us to reach, locate and support employees in travel or in crisis areas. We regularly evaluate and review with senior management the performance of our programs and processes. Community . Each year our employees throughout the world devote thousands of volunteer hours to community service activities. Our employees may take up to six days of paid time off each year for volunteer activities with charities and organizations. We also support a giving program, which provides employees the opportunity to support a broad range of eligible non-profit organizations in their communities in the areas of health and human services, arts and culture, education and literacy, environment and conservation, and family and civic betterment. 16 Table of Contents Information about our Executive Officers The names of our current executive officers and their ages, titles and biographies appear below: Bret DiMarco , 57, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and Chief Legal Officer and Secretary since July 2024. Prior to joining Agilent, he served as the Chief Legal Officer at Pendo.io Incorporated, a privately held company, from September 2022 to June 2024. From June 2006 to July 2022, he held several positions at Coherent, Inc., including Executive Vice President, General Counsel, Chief Legal Officer and Corporate Secretary until its acquisition by II-VI Incorporated after which he served as a Special Advisor to the President until September 2022. Since September 2004, Mr. DiMarco has been an Adjunct Associate Professor of Law at the University of California College of the Law, San Francisco. From October 2023 to present, Mr. DiMarco has been the Chair of the Nasdaq Exchange Nominating Committee and a member of the Nasdaq Exchange Review Council. Mr. DiMarco was previously a member and associate at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., a multinational law firm. Adam S. Elinoff, 48, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and Chief Financial Officer since November 2025. Prior to joining Agilent, he served as Vice President, Investor Relations and Treasurer of Amgen Inc. ("Amgen"), a global biotechnology company, from July 2025 to October 2025. Mr. Elinoff joined Amgen in 2006 and has held a series of finance, strategy, and transformation roles of increasing responsibility. From 2023 to July 2025, Mr. Elinoff served as Vice President, Finance and Treasurer. From 2020 to 2023, he served as Regional Chief Financial Officer for Europe, Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and Canada. From 2017 to 2020, he served as Executive Director and Head of Corporate Financial Planning and Analysis. Rodney Gonsalves, 60, has served as our Vice President, Corporate Controllership and Chief Accounting Officer since May 2015 and served as our interim Chief Financial Officer from July 2025 to November 2025. From September 2009 to May 2015, Mr. Gonsalves served as Vice President and operational CFO for various business groups within the company. Prior to that, Mr. Gonsalves served in various capacities for Agilent, including as vice president of Investor Relations, controller, corporate governance and customer financing in Agilent’s Global Infrastructure Organization, and controller for the Photonics Systems Business Unit.  Before joining Agilent, Mr. Gonsalves held a variety of positions in finance with Hewlett-Packard Company. Meghan Henson , 56, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and Chief Human Resources Officer since March 2025. Prior to joining Agilent, she served as the Chief People Officer of Aetna Inc., a health insurance company, from August 2023 to October 2024. She also served as Chief Human Resources Officer at Avantor, Inc., a biotechnology, chemicals, and pharmaceutical company, from December 2020 to August 2023, at XPO, Inc., a transportation company, from June 2016 to September 2020, and at Chubb Limited, an insurance company, from January 2013 to April 2016. From November 2004 to January 2013, Ms. Henson held various senior human resources positions at PepsiCo, Inc., a food and beverage company, including Chief Human Resources Officer for Global Functions. Jonah Kirkwood , 45 , has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and Chief Commercial Officer, Commercial Organization since November 2024. From June 2023 to October 2024, Mr. Kirkwood led Agilent's Global Sales organization for Laboratory Solution Sales as well as the Greater China Sales organization. Mr. Kirkwood led our Commercial Marketing and Operations teams from November 2021 to May 2023. Prior to that, he held various positions in Agilent. Mr. Kirkwood first joined Agilent in 2010 with its acquisition of Varian. Simon May , 54, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and President, Life Sciences and Diagnostics Markets Group since May 2024. Prior to joining Agilent, he served as Executive Vice President and President of the Life Science Group at Bio-Rad Laboratories ("Bio-Rad") from January 2022 to May 2024. During his 10-year tenure at Bio-Rad, Mr. May held various leadership roles including that of Senior Vice President, General Manager of the Digital Biology Group from January 2020 to December 2021 and as Senior Vice President of Global Commercial Operations from October 2015 to January 2020. Before joining Bio-Rad in 2014, Mr. May held positions at Thermo Fisher Scientific for 10 years. Padraig McDonnell , 54, has served as our President and Chief Executive Officer since May 2024.  From February 2024 to May 2024, he served as Senior Vice President, Chief Operating Officer and CEO-elect. Mr McDonnell served as Chief Commercial Officer and President, Agilent CrossLab Group from November 2021 to February 2024. From May 2020 to November 2021, he served as Senior Vice President, Agilent and President, Agilent CrossLab Group. From November 2016 to April 2020, he served as our Vice President and General Manager of the Chemistries and Supplies Division. Prior to that, he served as our Vice President and General Manager of EMEAI Laboratory Solutions Sales. Mr. McDonnell has previously held a variety of positions with Agilent and Hewlett-Packard Company. 17 Table of Contents Angelica A. Reimann , 55, has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and President, Agilent CrossLab Group since February 2024.  From August 2021 to February 2024, she served as Vice President and General Manager of Agilent CrossLab Services Division. Ms. Riemann served as Vice President and General Manager of the Chemistries and Supplies Division from May 2020 to August 2021. From March 2019 to May 2020, she was Vice President and General Manager of the Chemistries Division. Prior to March 2019, she held leadership roles in the Chemistries Division, Mass Spectrometry Division and the Americas Field Organization sales organization. Mike Zhang, 50 , has served as our Senior Vice President, Agilent and President, Applied Markets Group since November 2024. From August to November 2024, he served as Vice President and General Manager of the Gas Phase Division within the former Life Sciences and Applied Markets Group. Prior to that, Mr. Zhang was Vice President and General Manager for the Gas Phase Separations Division from January 2020 to August 2024. He previously held various leadership roles in manufacturing over the span of his 22 years at Agilent. He was a manufacturing engineer at Agilent’s Shanghai site from March 2002 to December 2019. He also held various leadership roles in Agilent’s Order Fulfillment and Supply Chain organization and was named global manufacturing manager for gas chromatography operations and general manager of Agilent’s Shanghai site in April 2016. Investor Information We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Therefore, we file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Securities and Exchange Commission maintains an Internet site (https://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically. Our financial and other information can be accessed at our Investor Relations website. The address is www.investor.agilent.com. We make available, free of charge on our website, electronic copies of our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such material electronically or otherwise furnishing it to the Securities and Exchange Commission. Our Amended and Restated Bylaws, Corporate Governance Standards, the charters of our Audit and Finance Committee, our Compensation Committee, our Executive Committee and our Nominating/Corporate Governance Committee, as well as our Standards of Business Conduct (including code of ethics provisions that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and senior financial officers) are available on our website at www.investor.agilent.com under “Governance.”

