TICKER: ACGL
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions, tariffs, and other contributing factors. This may have a material effect on the adequacy of our reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses, especially in longer-tailed lines of business, and on the market value of our investment portfolio through rising interest rates. The anticipated effects of inflation are considered in our pricing models, reserving processes and exposure management, across all lines of business and types of loss including natural catastrophe events. The actual effects of inflation on our results cannot be accurately known until claims are ultimately settled and will vary by the specific type of inflation affecting each line of business. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Reference is made to the information appearing above under the subheading “Market Sensitive Instruments and Risk Management” under the caption “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation,” which information is hereby incorporated by reference. ARCH CAPITAL 102 2025 FORM 10-K ITEM 8.     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Index to Financial Statements Page No. Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238 ) 104 Consolidated Balance Sheets At December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 106 Consolidated Statements of Income For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 107 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 108 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 109 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 110 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Note 1 - General 111 Note 2 - Acquisitions 111 Note 3 - Significant Accounting Policies 112 Note 4 - Segment Information 121 Note 5 - Reserve for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses 126 Note 6 - Short Duration Contracts 128 Note 7 - Allowance for Expected Credit Losses 142 Note 8 - Reinsurance 143 Note 9 - Investment Information 145 Note 10 - Fair Value 150 Note 11 - Derivative Instruments 156 Note 12 - Variable interest entities 157 Note 13 - Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 158 Note 14 - Earnings Per Common Share 160 Note 15 - Income Taxes 160 Note 16 - Transactions with Related Parties 164 Note 17 - Leases 164 Note 18 - Commitments and Contingencies 165 Note 19 - Debt and Financing Arrangements 166 Note 20 - Goodwill and Intangible Assets 167 Note 21 - Shareholders’ Equity 168 Note 22 - Share-Based Compensation 170 Note 23 - Retirement Plans 173 Note 24 - Legal Proceedings 173 Note 25 - Statutory Information 173 ARCH CAPITAL 103 2025 FORM 10-K Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Arch Capital Group Ltd. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Arch Capital Group Ltd. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income, of comprehensive income, of changes in shareholders' equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, including the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the ARCH CAPITAL 104 2025 FORM 10-K company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Valuation of Reserve for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses As described in Notes 3, 5 and 6 to the consolidated financial statements, the reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses represents estimates of future amounts required to pay losses and loss adjustment expenses for insured or reinsured events which have occurred at or before the balance sheet date. As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s total reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses was $33.5 billion. For the insurance and reinsurance segments, management estimates ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses using various generally accepted actuarial methods applied to known losses and other relevant information. Ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses are generally determined by projection of claim emergence and settlement patterns observed in the past that can reasonably be expected to persist into the future. Management makes a number of key assumptions in their reserving process, including estimating loss development patterns and expected loss ratios. For the mortgage segment, the lead actuarial methodology used by management is a frequency-severity method based on the inventory of pending delinquencies. The assumptions of frequency and severity reflect judgments based on historical data and experience. The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of the reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when developing their estimate, (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence relating to the aforementioned key actuarial methods and key assumptions, and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of the reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses, including controls over the selection of key actuarial methods and development of key assumptions. These procedures also included, among others, the involvement of professionals with specialized skill and knowledge to assist in performing one or a combination of procedures, including (i) developing an independent estimate, on a test basis, of the reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses, and comparing the independent estimate to management’s actuarially determined reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses to evaluate the reasonableness of the reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses and (ii) evaluating the appropriateness of the actuarial methods and reasonableness of the assumptions related to loss development patterns, expected loss ratios, frequency, and severity used by management to determine the Company’s reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses. Developing the independent estimate and evaluating the appropriateness of the key methods and reasonableness of the key assumptions related to loss development patterns, expected loss ratios, frequency and severity, as applicable, involved testing the completeness and accuracy of historical data provided by management. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New York, New York February 26, 2026 We have served as the Company’s or its predecessor’s auditor since 1995. ARCH CAPITAL 105 2025 FORM 10-K ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (U.S. dollars and shares in millions) December 31, 2025 2024 Assets Investments: Fixed maturities available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost: $ 32,329 and $ 27,570 ; net of allowance for credit losses: $ 20 and $ 22 ) $ 32,426 $ 27,035 Short-term investments available for sale, at fair value (amortized cost: $ 2,624 and $ 2,784 ; net of allowance for credit losses: $ 0 and $ 0 ) 2,625 2,784 Equity securities, at fair value 1,864 1,675 Other investments (portion measured at fair value: $ 3,136 and $ 3,066 ) 3,136 3,066 Investments accounted for using the equity method 6,453 5,980 Total investments 46,504 40,540 Cash 993 979 Accrued investment income 338 298 Investment in operating affiliates 1,313 1,240 Premiums receivable (net of allowance for credit losses: $ 43 and $ 45 ) 5,723 5,634 Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid and paid losses and loss adjustment expenses (net of allowance for credit losses: $ 17 and $ 17 ) 9,526 8,260 Contractholder receivables (net of allowance for credit losses: $ 7 and $ 5 ) 2,270 2,161 Ceded unearned premiums 2,659 2,428 Deferred acquisition costs 1,717 1,734 Receivable for securities sold 180 50 Goodwill and intangible assets 1,222 1,351 Other assets 6,796 6,231 Total assets $ 79,241 $ 70,906 Liabilities Reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses $ 33,547 $ 29,369 Unearned premiums 10,100 10,218 Reinsurance balances payable 2,320 2,137 Contractholder payables 2,277 2,165 Collateral held for insured obligations 237 249 Senior notes 2,729 2,728 Payable for securities purchased 308 181 Other liabilities 3,517 3,039 Total liabilities 55,035 50,086 Commitments and Contingencies (refer to Note 18 ) Shareholders’ Equity Non-cumulative preferred shares 830 830 Common shares ($ 0.0011 par, shares issued: 599.8 and 595.6 ) 1 1 Additional paid-in capital 2,735 2,510 Retained earnings 27,045 22,686 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of deferred income tax 5 ( 720 ) Common shares held in treasury, at cost (shares: 240.8 and 219.2 ) ( 6,410 ) ( 4,487 ) Total shareholders' equity 24,206 20,820 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 79,241 $ 70,906 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ARCH CAPITAL 106 2025  FORM 10-K ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (U.S. dollars and shares in millions, except per share data) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Revenues Net premiums earned $ 17,065 $ 15,100 $ 12,440 Net investment income 1,625 1,495 1,023 Net realized gains (losses) 464 197 ( 165 ) Other underwriting income 217 26 31 Equity in net income of investments accounted for using the equity method 504 580 278 Other income (loss) 54 42 27 Total revenues 19,929 17,440 13,634 Expenses Losses and loss adjustment expenses 9,370 8,342 6,246 Acquisition expenses 3,153 2,651 2,312 Other operating expenses 1,826 1,472 1,301 Corporate expenses 132 200 102 Amortization of intangible assets 193 235 95 Interest expense 148 141 133 Net foreign exchange losses (gains) 128 ( 75 ) 60 Total expenses 14,950 12,966 10,249 Income before income taxes and income (loss) from operating affiliates 4,979 4,474 3,385 Income taxes: Current tax expense (benefit) 586 397 288 Deferred tax expense (benefit) 174 ( 35 ) ( 1,161 ) Income tax expense (benefit) 760 362 ( 873 ) Income (loss) from operating affiliates 180 200 184 Net income $ 4,399 $ 4,312 $ 4,442 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests — — 1 Net income available to Arch 4,399 4,312 4,443 Preferred dividends ( 40 ) ( 40 ) ( 40 ) Net income available to Arch common shareholders $ 4,359 $ 4,272 $ 4,403 Net income per common share and common share equivalent Basic $ 11.83 $ 11.47 $ 11.94 Diluted $ 11.60 $ 11.19 $ 11.62 Weighted average common shares and common share equivalents outstanding Basic 368.4 372.5 368.7 Diluted 375.9 381.8 378.8 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ARCH CAPITAL 107 2025  FORM 10-K ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (U.S. dollars in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Comprehensive Income Net income $ 4,399 $ 4,312 $ 4,442 Other comprehensive income (loss), net of deferred income tax Unrealized appreciation (decline) in value of available-for-sale investments: Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during year 661 ( 23 ) 547 Reclassification of net realized (gains) losses, included in net income ( 20 ) 81 400 Foreign currency translation adjustments 84 ( 102 ) 23 Comprehensive income (loss) 5,124 4,268 5,412 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests — — 1 Comprehensive income available to Arch (loss) $ 5,124 $ 4,268 $ 5,413 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ARCH CAPITAL 108 2025  FORM 10-K ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (U.S. dollars in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Non-cumulative preferred shares Balance at beginning and end of year $ 830 $ 830 $ 830 Common shares Balance at beginning and end of year 1 1 1 Additional paid-in capital Balance at beginning of year 2,510 2,327 2,211 Amortization of share-based compensation 148 133 93 Other changes 77 50 23 Balance at end of year 2,735 2,510 2,327 Retained earnings Balance at beginning of year 22,686 20,295 15,892 Net income 4,399 4,312 4,442 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests — — 1 Common share dividends — ( 1,881 ) — Preferred share dividends ( 40 ) ( 40 ) ( 40 ) Balance at end of year 27,045 22,686 20,295 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Balance at beginning of year ( 720 ) ( 676 ) ( 1,646 ) Unrealized appreciation (decline) in value of available-for-sale investments, net of deferred income tax: Balance at beginning of year ( 507 ) ( 565 ) ( 1,512 ) Unrealized holding gains (losses) during period, net of reclassification adjustment 641 58 947 Balance at end of year 134 ( 507 ) ( 565 ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of deferred income tax: Balance at beginning of year ( 213 ) ( 111 ) ( 134 ) Foreign currency translation adjustments 84 ( 102 ) 23 Balance at end of year ( 129 ) ( 213 ) ( 111 ) Balance at end of year 5 ( 720 ) ( 676 ) Common shares held in treasury, at cost Balance at beginning of year ( 4,487 ) ( 4,424 ) ( 4,378 ) Shares repurchased for treasury ( 1,923 ) ( 63 ) ( 46 ) Balance at end of year ( 6,410 ) ( 4,487 ) ( 4,424 ) Total shareholders’ equity $ 24,206 $ 20,820 $ 18,353 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ARCH CAPITAL 109 2025  FORM 10-K ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (U.S. dollars in millions) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income $ 4,399 $ 4,312 $ 4,442 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net realized (gains) losses ( 440 ) ( 185 ) 182 Equity in net (income) or loss of investments accounted for using the equity method and other income or loss ( 459 ) ( 488 ) ( 215 ) Amortization of intangible assets 193 235 95 Share-based compensation 148 133 93 Changes in: Reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses, net of unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses recoverable 2,350 3,279 2,138 Unearned premiums, net of ceded unearned premiums ( 589 ) 632 1,028 Premiums receivable 38 ( 818 ) ( 981 ) Deferred acquisition costs 86 ( 212 ) ( 235 ) Reinsurance balances payable 137 179 455 Deferred income tax assets, net 174 ( 35 ) ( 1,161 ) Other items, net 135 ( 359 ) ( 92 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 6,172 6,673 5,749 Investing Activities Purchases of fixed maturity investments ( 36,480 ) ( 31,290 ) ( 18,062 ) Purchases of equity securities ( 1,448 ) ( 1,423 ) ( 456 ) Purchases of other investments ( 2,238 ) ( 3,485 ) ( 2,171 ) Proceeds from sales of fixed maturity investments 29,313 26,245 14,105 Proceeds from sales of equity securities 1,507 1,101 288 Proceeds from sales, redemptions and maturities of other investments 2,186 1,858 768 Proceeds from redemptions and maturities of fixed maturity investments 2,494 2,036 781 Net settlements of derivative instruments 310 ( 5 ) 50 Net (purchases) sales of short-term investments 258 ( 269 ) ( 696 ) Acquisitions, net of cash — 852 — Purchases of fixed assets ( 44 ) ( 51 ) ( 52 ) Other 106 ( 30 ) ( 23 ) Net cash used for investing activities ( 4,036 ) ( 4,461 ) ( 5,468 ) Financing Activities Purchases of common shares under share repurchase program ( 1,889 ) ( 24 ) — Proceeds from common shares issued, net 50 7 ( 2 ) Third party investment in redeemable noncontrolling interests — — ( 22 ) Common dividends paid ( 7 ) ( 1,866 ) — Preferred dividends paid ( 40 ) ( 40 ) ( 40 ) Other ( 4 ) ( 2 ) ( 5 ) Net cash provided by (used for) financing activities ( 1,890 ) ( 1,925 ) ( 69 ) Effects of exchange rate changes on foreign currency cash and restricted cash 61 ( 25 ) 13 Increase (decrease) in cash and restricted cash 307 262 225 Cash and restricted cash, beginning of year 1,760 1,498 1,273 Cash and restricted cash, end of year $ 2,067 $ 1,760 $ 1,498 Income taxes paid (received) $ 458 $ 378 $ 267 Interest paid $ 127 $ 127 $ 127 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ARCH CAPITAL 110 2025  FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1.    General Arch Capital Group Ltd. (“Arch Capital,” “Arch” or the “Company”) is a publicly listed Bermuda exempted company which provides insurance, reinsurance and mortgage insurance on a worldwide basis through its wholly owned subsidiaries. As used herein, the Company means Arch Capital and its subsidiaries. Similarly, “Common Shares” means the common shares of Arch Capital. The Company has reclassified the presentation of certain prior year information to conform to the current presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on the Company’s net income, shareholders’equity or cash flows. All amounts are in millions, except per share amounts, unless otherwise noted. 2.    Acquisition On August 1, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Allianz’s U.S Middle Market Property and Casualty insurance business and U.S. Entertainment business (“MCE Acquisition”).This business is written by Fireman’s Fund Insurance Company, an affiliate of Allianz, and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Business Entities”), in each case, relating to relevant policies with accident years 2016 and onwards (collectively, the “Business”), as well as certain assets of Allianz and its affiliates related to the Business. In connection with the acquisition of the Business, the Company also entered into certain reinsurance agreements relating to the Business and the Business Entities and other agreements providing for administration and other services for the Business Entities by the Company for the applicable policies being reinsured following the closing. The acquisition of the Business is an important part of the Company’s growth strategy, and provides a ballast to our existing insurance business. It further enhances the Company’s capabilities in the U.S. middle markets and represents an attractive way to enter the entertainment insurance market, a new niche for us. Aggregate cash consideration for the transaction was $ 450 million. Direct costs related to the acquisition are immaterial, and were expensed as incurred. These include one-time costs that are directly attributable to third party consulting fees and other professional and legal fees related to the acquisition. Such costs are included within ‘corporate expenses’ in the consolidated statement of income. The Business acquired is included within the Company’s insurance segment beginning from the acquisition date. The MCE Acquisition was accounted for as a business combination under FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805, Business Combinations (“Topic 805”). Pursuant to Topic 805, the Company allocated the MCE Acquisition purchase price to tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price over those fair values was recorded to goodwill. During the measurement period, the Company adjusted the provisional amounts to reflect new information obtained about facts and circumstances that existed as of the acquisition date, which, if known, would have affected the measurement of the amounts recognized as of that date. Such adjustments impacted certain identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed, resulting in a decrease in net assets acquired and a corresponding increase to goodwill of $ 10 million. The Company completed the analysis of the fair value of the assets, liabilities assumed and the related allocation of the purchase price during the second quarter 2025. The following table summarizes the Company’s allocation of the purchase price to the acquired assets and liabilities assumed based on estimated fair values on August 1, 2024. Total Useful Life Purchase price Cash paid (a) $ 450 Assets Acquired Cash and investments, at fair value $ 2,332 Premiums receivable, net of commissions 224 Intangible asset -- distribution relationships 220 10 years Intangible asset -- value of business acquired 165 1 - 2 years Intangible asset -- other (1) 180 5 - 7 years Other assets acquired 175 Total assets acquired $ 3,296 Liabilities Acquired Reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses $ 2,468 Unearned premiums 636 Other liabilities acquired 18 Total liabilities acquired 3,122 Identifiable net assets acquired (b) $ 174 Goodwill (a) - (b) $ 276 (1) Includes $ 130 million related to the net fair value adjustment to reserves for loss and loss adjustment expenses on August 1, 2024. The Company recognized goodwill of $ 276 million that is primarily attributed to the expanded presence and long-term growth opportunities in the insurance market provided by this strategic acquisition. Approximately $ 555 million of the acquired goodwill and intangibles is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. At the date of the acquisition, the Company established a net deferred tax asset of $ 24 million related to the estimated fair value of reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses and unearned premiums. ARCH CAPITAL 111 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Intangible assets resulting from the acquisition are amortized as part of ‘amortization of intangible assets’ in the Company’s consolidated statements of income. The significant fair value adjustments and related future amortization are as follows: Value of business acquired (“VOBA”)— which represents the present value of the expected underwriting profit within the unearned premium liability, less costs to service the related policies and a risk premium. The fair value of VOBA was determined after taking into consideration certain key assumptions, including the estimated cost of capital, investment yield, loss ratio and related expenses. Reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses— to reflect a decrease related to the present value of the reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses based on the estimated payout patterns, partially offset by an increase in losses and loss adjustment expenses related to the estimated market based risk margin. The risk margin represents the estimated costs of capital required by a market participant to assume the losses and loss adjustment expenses. The fair value of the reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses was determined after taking into consideration certain key assumptions, including the estimated cost of capital, and investment yield. Distribution relationships— the value of the distribution relationships was determined after taking into consideration certain key assumptions, including the estimated cost of capital, investment yield, retention rates, loss ratios, related expenses and effective tax rates that would impact the expected cash flows from Business policies written on a go forward basis. The results of the acquired Business have been included in the Company’s consolidated financial statements beginning as of their acquisition date. It is impracticable to provide historical supplemental pro forma financial information along with revenue and earnings subsequent to the acquisition due to a variety of factors, including access to historical information and the operations of acquirees being integrated within the Company shortly after closing and not operating as discrete operations within the Company’s organizational structure. 3.    Significant Accounting Policies (a) Basis of Presentation The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“GAAP”) and include the accounts of Arch Capital and its subsidiaries, including Arch Reinsurance Ltd. (“Arch Re Bermuda”), Arch Reinsurance Company (“Arch Re U.S.”), Arch Capital Group (U.S.) Inc.(“Arch-U.S.”), Arch Insurance Company, Arch Specialty Insurance Company, Arch Property Casualty Insurance Company, Arch Indemnity Insurance Company, Arch Wilsure Insurance Company, Arch Insurance Canada Ltd. (“Arch Insurance Canada”), Arch Reinsurance Europe Designated Activity Company (“Arch Re Europe”), Arch Mortgage Insurance Company (“AMIC”), Arch Mortgage Guaranty Company (“AMG”), United Guaranty Residential Insurance Company (“UGRIC”), Arch Lenders Mortgage Indemnity Ltd. (“Arch Indemnity”), Arch Insurance (EU) Designated Activity Company (“Arch Insurance (EU)”), Arch Insurance (U.K.) Limited (“Arch Insurance (U.K.)”) and the Company’s participation on Lloyd’s of London syndicates: 2012 (“Arch Syndicate 2012”) and 1955 (“Arch Syndicate 1955” and together with Arch Syndicate 2012, the Company’s “Lloyd’s Syndicates”). All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates and assumptions. The Company’s principal estimates include: • The reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses; • Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid and paid losses and loss adjustment expenses, including the provision for uncollectible amounts; • Estimates of written and earned premiums; • The valuation of the investment portfolio and assessment of allowance for credit losses; • The valuation of purchased intangible assets; • The assessment of goodwill and intangible assets for impairment; and • The valuation of deferred income tax assets. (b) Premium Revenues and Related Expenses Insurance. Insurance premiums written are generally recorded at the policy inception and are primarily earned on a pro rata basis over the terms of the policies for all products, usually 12 months. Premiums written include estimates that are derived from multiple sources which include the historical experience of the underlying business, similar business and available industry information. Unearned premium reserves represent the portion of premiums written that relates to the unexpired terms of in-force insurance policies. ARCH CAPITAL 112 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Reinsurance. Reinsurance premiums written include amounts reported by brokers and ceding companies, supplemented by the Company’s own estimates of premiums where reports have not been received. The determination of premium estimates requires a review of the Company’s experience with the ceding companies, familiarity with each market, the timing of the reported information, an analysis and understanding of the characteristics of each line of business, and management’s judgment of the impact of various factors, including premium or loss trends, on the volume of business written and ceded to the Company. On an ongoing basis, the Company’s underwriters review the amounts reported by these third parties for reasonableness based on their experience and knowledge of the subject class of business, taking into account the Company’s historical experience with the brokers or ceding companies. In addition, reinsurance contracts under which the Company assumes business generally contain specific provisions which allow the Company to perform audits of the ceding company to ensure compliance with the terms and conditions of the contract, including accurate and timely reporting of information. Based on a review of all available information, management establishes premium estimates where reports have not been received. Premium estimates are updated when new information is received and differences between such estimates and actual amounts are recorded in the period in which estimates are changed or the actual amounts are determined. Reinsurance premiums written are recorded based on the type of contracts the Company writes. Premiums on the Company’s excess of loss and pro rata reinsurance contracts are estimated when the business is underwritten. For excess of loss contracts, premiums are recorded as written based on the terms of the contract. Estimates of premiums written under pro rata contracts are recorded in the period in which the underlying risks are expected to incept and are based on information provided by the brokers and the ceding companies. For multi-year reinsurance treaties which are payable in annual installments, generally, only the initial annual installment is included as premiums written at policy inception due to the ability of the reinsured to commute or cancel coverage during the term of the policy. The remaining annual installments are included as premiums written at each successive anniversary date within the multi-year term. Reinsurance premiums written, irrespective of the class of business, are generally earned on a pro rata basis over the terms of the underlying policies or reinsurance contracts. Contracts and policies written on a “losses occurring” basis cover claims that may occur during the term of the contract or policy, which is typically 12 months. Accordingly, the premium is earned evenly over the term. Contracts which are written on a “risks attaching” basis cover claims which attach to the underlying insurance policies written during the terms of such contracts. Premiums earned on such contracts usually extend beyond the original term of the reinsurance contract, typically resulting in recognition of premiums earned in proportion to the period of risk coverage. Certain of the Company’s reinsurance contracts include provisions that adjust premiums or acquisition expenses based upon the experience under the contracts. Premiums written and earned, as well as related acquisition expenses, are recorded based upon the projected experience under such contracts. The Company also writes certain reinsurance business that is intended to provide insurers with risk management solutions that complement traditional reinsurance. Under these contracts, the Company assumes a measured amount of insurance risk in exchange for an anticipated margin, which is typically lower than on traditional reinsurance contracts. The terms and conditions of these contracts may include additional or return premiums based on loss experience, loss corridors, sublimits and caps. Examples of such business include aggregate stop-loss coverages, financial quota share coverages and multi-year retrospectively rated excess of loss coverages. If these contracts are deemed to transfer risk, they are accounted for as reinsurance. Otherwise, such contracts are accounted for under the deposit method. Mortgage. Mortgage guaranty insurance policies are contracts that are generally non-cancelable by the insurer, are renewable at a fixed price, and provide for payment of premiums on a monthly, annual or single basis. Upon renewal, the Company is not able to re-underwrite or re-price its policies. Consistent with industry accounting practices, premiums written on a monthly basis are earned as coverage is provided. Premiums written on an annual basis are amortized on a monthly pro rata basis over the year of coverage. Primary mortgage insurance premiums written on policies covering more than one year are referred to as single premiums. A portion of the revenue from single premiums is recognized in premiums earned in the current period, and the remaining portion is deferred as unearned premiums and earned over the estimated expiration of risk of the policy. If single premium policies related to insured loans are canceled due to repayment by the borrower and the policy is a non-refundable product, the remaining unearned premium related to each canceled policy is recognized as earned premium upon notification of the cancellation. Unearned premiums for the Company’s mortgage operations represent the portion of premiums written that is applicable to the estimated unexpired risk of insured loans. A portion of premium payments may be refundable if the insured cancels coverage, which generally occurs when the loan is repaid and the policy is refundable, the loan amortizes to a sufficiently low amount to trigger a lender ARCH CAPITAL 113 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS permitted or legally required cancellation, or the value of the property has increased sufficiently to trigger a lender permitted cancellation.Premium refunds reduce premiums earned in the consolidated statements of income. Generally, only unearned premiums are refundable. Reinstatement premiums for the Company’s insurance and reinsurance operations are recognized at the time a loss event occurs, where coverage limits for the remaining life of the contract are reinstated under pre-defined contract terms. Reinstatement premiums, if obligatory, are fully earned when recognized. The accrual of reinstatement premiums is based on an estimate of losses and loss adjustment expenses, which reflects management’s judgment. Premium estimates are reviewed by management at least quarterly. Such review includes a comparison of actual reported premiums to expected ultimate premiums along with a review of the aging and collection of premium estimates. Based on management’s review, the appropriateness of the premium estimates is evaluated, and any adjustment to these estimates is recorded in the period in which it becomes known. Adjustments to premium estimates could be material and such adjustments could directly and significantly impact earnings favorably or unfavorably in the period they are determined because the estimated premium may be fully or substantially earned. A significant portion of amounts included as premiums receivable, which represent estimated premiums written, net of commissions, are not currently due based on the terms of the underlying contracts. Premiums receivable include amounts receivable from agents, brokers and insured that are both currently due and amounts not yet due on insurance, reinsurance and mortgage insurance policies. Premiums receivable balances are reported net of an allowance for expected credit losses. The Company monitors credit risk associated with premiums receivable through its ongoing review of amounts outstanding, aging of the receivable, historical loss data, and counterparty financial strength measures. The allowance also includes estimated uncollectible amounts related to dispute risk. In certain instances, credit risk may be reduced by the Company’s right to offset loss obligations or unearned premiums against premiums receivable. Any allowance for credit losses is charged to net realized gains (losses) in the period the receivable is recorded and revised in subsequent periods to reflect changes in the Company’s estimate of expected credit losses. See note 7, for additional information. Acquisition Costs. Acquisition costs that are directly related and incremental to the successful acquisition or renewal of business are deferred and amortized based on the type of contract. The Company’s insurance and reinsurance operations capitalize incremental direct external costs that result from acquiring a contract but do not capitalize salaries, benefits and other internal underwriting costs. For the Company’s mortgage insurance operations, which include a substantial direct sales force, both external and certain internal direct costs are deferred and amortized. For property and casualty insurance and reinsurance contracts, deferred acquisition costs are amortized over the period in which the related premiums are earned. Consistent with mortgage insurance industry accounting practice, amortization of acquisition costs related to the mortgage insurance contracts for each underwriting year’s book of business is recorded in proportion to estimated gross profits. Estimated gross profits are comprised of earned premiums and losses and loss adjustment expenses. For each underwriting year, the Company estimates the rate of amortization to reflect actual experience and any changes to persistency or loss development. Deferred acquisition costs are carried at their estimated realizable value and take into account anticipated losses and loss adjustment expenses, based on historical and current experience, and anticipated investment income. A premium deficiency occurs if the sum of anticipated losses and loss adjustment expenses, unamortized acquisition costs and maintenance costs exceed unearned premiums (including expected future premiums) and anticipated investment income. A premium deficiency reserve (“PDR”) is recorded by charging any unamortized acquisition costs to expense to the extent required in order to eliminate the deficiency. If the premium deficiency exceeds unamortized acquisition costs then a liability is accrued for the excess deficiency. To assess the need for a PDR on mortgage exposures, the Company develops loss projections based on modeled loan defaults related to its current policies in force. This projection is based on recent trends in default experience, severity and rates of defaulted loans moving to claim, as well as recent trends in the rate at which loans are prepaid, and incorporates anticipated interest income. Evaluating the expected profitability of the Company’s existing mortgage insurance business and the need for a PDR for its mortgage business involves significant reliance upon assumptions and estimates with regard to the likelihood, magnitude and timing of potential losses and premium revenues. No premium deficiency charges were recorded by the Company during 2025, 2024 or 2023. ARCH CAPITAL 114 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (c) Deposit Accounting Certain assumed reinsurance contracts that are deemed not to transfer insurance risk, are accounted for using the deposit method of accounting. However, it is possible that the Company could incur financial losses on such contracts. Management exercises significant judgment in the assumptions used in determining whether assumed contracts should be accounted for as reinsurance contracts or deposit contracts. For those contracts that contain only significant underwriting risk, the estimated profit margin is deferred and amortized over the contract period and such amount is included in the Company’s underwriting results. When the estimated profit margin is explicit, the margin is reflected as other underwriting income and any adverse financial results on such contracts are reflected as incurred losses. When the estimated profit margin is implicit, the margin is reflected as an offset to paid losses and any adverse financial results on such contracts are reflected as incurred losses. Additional judgments are required when applying the accounting guidance with respect to the revenue recognition criteria for contracts deemed to transfer only significant underwriting risk. For those contracts that contain only significant timing risk, an accretion rate is established at inception of the contract based on actuarial estimates whereby the deposit accounting liability is increased to the estimated amount payable over the contract term. The accretion on the deposit is based on the expected rate of return required to fund the expected future payment obligations. Periodically the Company reassesses the estimated ultimate liability and the related expected rate of return. The accretion of the deposit accounting liability as well as changes to the estimated ultimate liability and the accretion rate would be reflected as part of interest expense in the Company’s results of operations. Any negative accretion in a deposit accounting liability is shown in other underwriting income in the Company’s results of operations. Under some of these contracts, the ceding company retains the related assets on a funds held basis. Such amounts are included in “Other assets” on the Company’s balance sheet. Interest income produced by those assets are recorded as part of net investment income in the Company's results of operations. (d) Retroactive Reinsurance Retroactive reinsurance reimburses a ceding company for liabilities incurred as a result of past insurable events covered by the underlying policies reinsured. In certain instances, reinsurance contracts cover losses both on a prospective basis and on a retroactive basis and, accordingly, the Company bifurcates the prospective and retrospective elements of these reinsurance contracts and accounts for each element separately where practical. Underwriting income generated in connection with retroactive reinsurance contracts is deferred and amortized into income over the settlement period while losses are charged to income immediately. Subsequent changes in estimated amount or timing of cash flows under such retroactive reinsurance contracts are accounted for by adjusting the previously deferred amount to the balance that would have existed had the revised estimate been available at the inception of the reinsurance transaction, with a corresponding charge or credit to income. (e) Reinsurance Ceded In the normal course of business, the Company purchases reinsurance to increase capacity and to limit the impact of individual losses and events on its underwriting results by reinsuring certain levels of risk with other insurance enterprises or reinsurers. The Company uses pro rata, excess of loss and facultative reinsurance contracts. Reinsurance ceding commissions that represent a recovery of acquisition costs are recognized as a reduction to acquisition costs while the remaining portion is deferred. The accompanying consolidated statement of income reflects premiums and losses and loss adjustment expenses and acquisition costs, net of reinsurance ceded. See note 8, for information on the Company's reinsurance usage. Reinsurance premiums ceded and unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses recoverable are estimated in a manner consistent with that of the original policies issued and the terms of the reinsurance contracts. If the reinsurers are unable to satisfy their obligations under the agreements, the Company’s insurance or reinsurance subsidiaries would be liable for such defaulted amounts. Reinsurance recoverables are recorded as assets, predicated on the reinsurers’ ability to meet their obligations under the reinsurance agreements. In certain instances, the Company obtains collateral, including letters of credit and trust accounts to further reduce the credit exposure on its reinsurance recoverables. The Company reports its reinsurance recoverables net of an allowance for expected credit loss. The allowance is based upon the Company’s ongoing review of amounts outstanding, the financial condition of its reinsurers, amounts and form of collateral obtained and other relevant factors. A ratings based probability-of-default and loss-given-default methodology is used to estimate the allowance for expected credit loss. Any allowance for credit losses is charged to net realized gains (losses) in the period the recoverable is recorded and revised in s ubsequent periods to reflect changes in the Company’s estimate of expected credit losses . See note 7, for additional information. ARCH CAPITAL 115 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (f) Cash Cash includes cash equivalents, which are investments with original maturities of three months or less which are not part of the investment portfolio. (g) Restricted Cash Restricted cash represents amounts held for the benefit of third parties or is legally or contractually restricted as to withdrawal or usage by the Company. Such amounts are included in “Other assets” on the Company’s balance sheet. (h) Investments The Company currently classifies substantially all of its fixed maturity investments and short-term investments as “available for sale” and, accordingly, they are carried at estimated fair value (also known as fair value) with the changes in fair value recorded as an unrealized gain or loss component of accumulated other comprehensive income in shareholders’ equity. The fair value of fixed maturity securities and equity securities is generally determined from quotations received from nationally recognized pricing services, or when such prices are not available, by reference to broker or underwriter bid indications. Short-term investments comprise securities due to mature within one year of the date of issue. Short-term investments include certain cash equivalents which are part of investment portfolios under the management of external and internal investment managers. The Company’s investment portfolio includes certain funds that, due to their ownership structure, are accounted for by the Company using the equity method. In applying the equity method, these investments are initially recorded at cost and are subsequently adjusted based on the Company’s proportionate share of the net income or loss of the funds (which include changes in the fair value of the underlying securities in the funds). Such investments are generally recorded on a one to three month lag based on the availability of reports from the investment funds. Changes in the carrying value of such investments are recorded in net income as “Equity in net income (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method.” As such, fluctuations in the carrying value of the investments accounted for using the equity method may increase the volatility of the Company’s reported results of operations. The Company’s investment portfolio includes equity securities that are accounted for at fair value. Such holdings primarily include publicly traded common stocks. Dividend income on equities is reflected in net investment income. Changes in fair value on equity securities are included in “Net realized gains (losses)” in the consolidated statement of income. The Company elected to carry certain fixed maturity securities, equity securities, short-term investments and other investments at fair value under the fair value option afforded by accounting guidance regarding the fair value option for financial assets and liabilities. The fair value for certain of the Company’s other investments are determined using net asset values (“NAVs”) as advised by external fund managers. The NAV is based on the fund manager’s valuation of the underlying holdings in accordance with the fund’s governing documents. Changes in fair value of investments accounted for using the fair value option are included in “Net realized gains (losses).” The primary reasons for electing the fair value option were to address simplification and cost-benefit considerations. The Company invests in reverse repurchase agreements that are generally treated as collateralized receivables. Receivables for reverse repurchase agreements are reflected in “Other investments” or “Short-term investments” in the Company's consolidated balance sheet depending on their terms. These agreements are recorded at their contracted resale amount plus accrued interest, other than those that are accounted for at fair value. In reverse repurchase transactions, the Company obtains an interest in the purchased assets that are received as collateral. The Company invests in limited partner interests and shares of limited liability companies. Such amounts are included in investments accounted for using the equity method and other investments. These investments can often have characteristics of a variable interest entity (“VIE”). A VIE refers to entities that have characteristics such as (i) insufficient equity at risk to allow the entity to finance its activities without additional financial support or (ii) instances where the equity investors, as a group, do not have the characteristic of a controlling financial interest. If the Company is determined to be the primary beneficiary, it is required to consolidate the VIE. The primary beneficiary is defined as the variable interest holder that is determined to have the controlling financial interest as a result of having both (i) the power to direct the activities of a VIE that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and (ii) the obligation to absorb losses or right to receive benefits from the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. At inception of the VIE as well as on an ongoing basis, the Company determines whether it is the primary beneficiary based on an analysis of the Company’s level of ARCH CAPITAL 116 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS involvement in the VIE, the contractual terms, and the overall structure of the VIE. The Company's maximum exposure to loss with respect to these investments is limited to the investment carrying amounts reported in the Company's consolidated balance sheet and any unfunded commitment. The Company conducts a periodic review to identify and evaluate credit based impairments related to the Company’s available for sale investments. The Company derives estimated credit losses by comparing expected future cash flows to be collected to the amortized cost of the security. Estimates of expected future cash flows consider among other things, macroeconomic conditions as well as the financial condition, near-term and long-term prospects for the issuer, and the likelihood of the recoverability of principal and interest. Effective January 1, 2020, credit losses are recognized through an allowance account subject to reversal, rather than a reduction in amortized cost. Declines in value attributable to factors other than credit are reported as an unrealized loss in other comprehensive income while the allowance for credit loss is charged to net realized gains (losses) in the consolidated statement of income. For available for sale investments that the Company intends to sell or for which it is more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell before an anticipated recovery in value, the full amount of the impairment is included in net realized gains (losses). The new cost basis of the investment is the previous amortized cost basis reduced by the impairment recognized in net realized gains (losses). The new cost basis is not adjusted for any subsequent recoveries in fair value. The Company reports accrued investment income separately from investment balances and has elected not to measure an allowance for credit losses for accrued investment income . Any uncollectible accrued interest income is written off in the period it is deemed uncollectible. Net investment income includes interest and dividend income together with amortization of market premiums and discounts and is net of investment management and custody fees. Anticipated prepayments and expected maturities are used in applying the interest method for certain investments such as mortgage and other asset-backed securities. When actual prepayments differ significantly from anticipated prepayments, the effective yield is recalculated to reflect actual payments to date and anticipated future payments. The net investment in such securities is adjusted to the amount that would have existed had the new effective yield been applied since the acquisition of the security. Such adjustments, if any, are included in net investment income when determined. Investment gains or losses realized on the sale of investments, except for certain fund investments, are determined on a first-in, first-out basis and are reflected in net income. Investment gains or losses realized on the sale of certain fund investments are determined on an average cost basis. Unrealized appreciation or decline in the value of available for sale securities, which are carried at fair value, is excluded from net income and recorded as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of applicable deferred income tax. (i) Derivative Instruments The Company recognizes all derivative instruments, including embedded derivative instruments, at fair value in its consolidated balance sheets. The Company employs the use of derivative instruments within its operations to mitigate risks arising from assets and liabilities held in foreign currencies as well as part of its overall investment strategy. For such instruments, changes in assets and liabilities measured at fair value are recorded as “Net realized gains (losses)” in the consolidated statements of income. In addition, the Company’s derivative instruments include amounts related to underwriting activities where an insurance or reinsurance contract meets the accounting definition of a derivative instrument. For such contracts, changes in fair value are reflected in “Other underwriting income” in the consolidated statements of income as the underlying contract originates from the Company’s underwriting operations. For the periods ended 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company did not designate any derivative instruments as hedges under the relevant accounting guidance. See note 11, for additional information. (j) Reserves for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses Insurance and Reinsurance. The reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses consists of estimates of unpaid reported losses and loss adjustment expenses and estimates for losses incurred but not reported. The reserve for unpaid reported losses and loss adjustment expenses, established by management based on reports from ceding companies and claims from insureds, excludes estimates of amounts related to losses under high deductible policies, and represents the estimated ultimate cost of events or conditions that have been reported to or specifically identified by the Company. Such reserves are supplemented by management’s estimates of reserves for losses incurred for which reports or claims have not been received. The Company’s reserves are based on a combination of reserving methods, incorporating both Company and industry loss development patterns. The Company selects the initial expected loss and loss adjustment expense ratios based on information derived by its underwriters and actuaries during the initial pricing of the business, supplemented by industry data where appropriate. Such ratios consider, among other ARCH CAPITAL 117 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS things, rate changes and changes in terms and conditions that have been observed in the market. These estimates are reviewed regularly and, as experience develops and new information becomes known, the reserves are adjusted as necessary. Such adjustments, if any, are reflected in income in the period in which they are determined. As actual loss information has been reported, the Company has developed its own loss experience and its reserving methods include other actuarial techniques. Over time, such techniques have been given further weight in its reserving process based on the continuing maturation of the Company’s reserves. Inherent in the estimates of ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses are expected trends in claims severity and frequency and other factors which may vary significantly as claims are settled. Accordingly, ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses may differ materially from the amounts recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Losses and loss adjustment expenses are recorded on an undiscounted basis, except for excess workers’ compensation and employers’ liability business written by the Company’s insurance operations. Mortgage. The reserves for mortgage guaranty insurance losses and loss adjustment expenses are the estimated claim settlement costs on notices of delinquency that have been received by the Company, as well as loan delinquencies that have been incurred but have not been reported by the lenders. Consistent with primary mortgage insurance industry accounting practice, the Company does not establish loss reserves for future claims on insured loans that are not currently delinquent (defined as two or more payments in arrears). The Company establishes loss reserves on a case-by-case basis when insured loans are reported delinquent using estimated claim rates and average claim sizes for each cohort, net of any salvage recoverable. The Company also reserves for delinquencies that have occurred but have not yet been reported to the Company prior to the close of an accounting period. To determine this reserve, the Company estimates the number of delinquencies not yet reported using historical information regarding late reported delinquencies and applies estimated claim rates and claim sizes for the estimated delinquencies not yet reported. The establishment of reserves across the Company’s segments is an inherently uncertain process, are necessarily based on estimates, and the ultimate net cost may vary from such estimates. The methods for making such estimates and for establishing the resulting liability are reviewed and updated using the most current information available. Any resulting adjustments, which may be material, are reflected in current operations. (k) Contractholder Receivables and Payables and Collateral Held for Insured Obligations Certain insurance policies written by the Company’s U.S. insurance operations feature large deductibles, primarily in its construction and national accounts line of business. Under such contracts, the Company is obligated to pay the claimant for the full amount of the claim. The Company is subsequently reimbursed by the policy holder for the deductible amount. These amounts are included on a gross basis in the consolidated balance sheet as contractholder payables and contractholder receivables. In the event that the Company is unable to collect from the policyholder, the Company would be liable for such defaulted amounts. Collateral, primarily in the form of letters of credit, cash and trusts, is obtained from the policyholder to mitigate the Company’s credit risk. In the instances where the Company receives collateral in the form of cash, the Company reflects it in “Collateral held for insured obligations.” Contractholder receivables are reported net of an allowance for expected credit losses. The allowance is based upon the Company’s ongoing review of amounts outstanding, changes in policyholder credit standing, amounts and form of collateral obtained, and other relevant factors. A ratings based probability-of-default and loss-given-default methodology is used to estimate the allowance for expected credit losses. Any allowance for credit losses is charged to net realized gains (losses) in the period the receivable is recorded and revised in subsequent periods to reflect changes in the Company’s estimate of expected credit losses . See note 7, for additional information. (l) Foreign Exchange Assets and liabilities of foreign operations whose functional currency is not the U.S. Dollar are translated at the prevailing exchange rates at each balance sheet date. Revenues and expenses of such foreign operations are translated at average exchange rates during the year. The net effect of the translation adjustments for foreign operations is included in accumulated other comprehensive income, net of applicable deferred income tax. Monetary assets and liabilities, such as premiums receivable and the reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses, denominated in foreign currencies are revalued at the exchange rate in effect at the balance sheet date with the resulting foreign exchange gains and losses included in net income. Accounts that are classified as non-monetary, such as deferred acquisition costs and the unearned premium reserves, are not revalued. In the case of foreign currency denominated fixed maturity securities which are classified as “available for sale,” the change in exchange rates between the local currency in which the investments are denominated and the Company’s functional currency at each balance sheet date is included in unrealized ARCH CAPITAL 118 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS appreciation or decline in value of securities, a component of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of applicable deferred income tax. (m) Income Taxes Deferred income taxes reflect the expected future tax consequences of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is recorded if it is more likely than not that some or all of a deferred income tax asset may not be realized. The Company considers future taxable income and feasible tax planning strategies in assessing the need for a valuation allowance. In the event the Company determines that it will not be able to realize all or part of its deferred income tax assets in the future, an adjustment to the deferred income tax assets would be charged to income in the period in which such determination is made. In addition, if the Company subsequently assesses that the valuation allowance is no longer needed, a benefit would be recorded to income in the period in which such determination is made. See note 15, for additional information. The Company recognizes a tax benefit where it concludes that it is more likely than not that the tax benefit will be sustained on audit by the taxing authority based solely on the technical merits of the associated tax position. If the recognition threshold is met, the Company recognizes a tax benefit measured at the largest amount of the tax benefit that, in the Company’s judgment, is greater than 50% likely to be realized. The Company records interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the provision for income taxes. (n) Share-Based Payment Arrangements The Company applies a fair value based measurement method in accounting for its share-based payment arrangements with eligible employees and directors. Compensation expense is estimated based on the fair value of the award at the grant date and is recognized in net income over the requisite service period with a corresponding increase in shareholders’ equity. No value is attributed to awards that employees forfeit because they fail to satisfy vesting conditions. The Company’s (i) time-based awards generally vest over a three year period with one-third vesting on the first, second and third anniversaries of the grant date and (ii) performance-based awards cliff vest after each three year performance period based on achievement of the specified performance criteria. The share-based compensation expense associated with awards that have graded vesting features and vest based on service conditions only is calculated on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. Compensation expense recognized in connection with performance awards is based on the achievement of the specified performance and service conditions. The final measure of compensation expense recognized over the requisite service period reflects the final performance outcome. During the recognition period compensation expense is accrued based on the performance condition that is probable of achievement. For awards granted to retirement-eligible employees where no service is required for the employee to retain the award, the grant date fair value is immediately recognized as compensation expense at the grant date because the employee is able to retain the award without continuing to provide service. For employees near retirement eligibility, attribution of compensation cost is over the period from the grant date to the retirement eligibility date. These charges had no impact on the Company’s cash flows or total shareholders’ equity. See note 22, for information relating to the Company’s share-based payment awards. (o) Guaranty Fund and Other Related Assessments Liabilities for guaranty fund and other related assessments in the Company’s insurance and reinsurance operations are accrued when the Company receives notice that an amount is payable, or earlier if a reasonable estimate of the assessment can be made. (p) Treasury Shares Treasury shares are common shares purchased by the Company and not subsequently canceled. These shares are recorded at cost and result in a reduction of the Company’s shareholders’ equity in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. (q) Goodwill and Intangible Assets Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price of business combination over the fair value of the net assets acquired and is assigned to the applicable reporting unit at acquisition. The annual goodwill impairment test was performed as of October 1, 2025. Impairment tests may be performed more frequently if the facts and circumstances indicate a possible impairment. In performing impairment tests, the Company may first assess qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not (that is, more than a 50% probability) that the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount as a basis for determining whether it is necessary to perform goodwill impairment test described in the accounting guidance. Indefinite-lived intangible assets, such as insurance licenses are evaluated for impairment similar to goodwill. Finite-lived intangible assets and liabilities include the value of acquired insurance and reinsurance contracts, which are estimated based on the present value of future expected cash flows and amortized in proportion to the estimated profits ARCH CAPITAL 119 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS expected to be realized. Other finite-lived intangible assets, including customer lists, trade name and IT platforms, are amortized over their useful lives. Finite-lived intangible assets and liabilities are periodically reviewed for indicators of impairment. An impairment is recognized when the carrying amount is not recoverable from its undiscounted cash flows and is measured as the difference between the carrying amount and fair value. If goodwill or intangible assets are impaired, such assets are written down to their fair values with the related expense recorded in the Company’s results of operations. (r) Investment in Operating Affiliates Investment in operating affiliates primarily represent the Company’s investments in which it has significant influence and which are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. In applying the equity method of accounting, investments in operating affiliates are initially recorded at cost and are subsequently adjusted based on the Company’s proportionate share of net income or loss of the operating affiliate. The Company records its proportionate share of other comprehensive income or loss of the operating affiliate as a component of other comprehensive income. Adjustments are based on the most recently available financial information from the operating affiliate. Changes in the carrying value of these investments are recorded in income (loss) from operating affiliates. (s) Funds Held Arrangements Funds held arrangements are agreements with a third party reinsurance company, where the reinsured retains the related assets on a funds held basis. Such amounts are included in “Other assets” on the Company’s balance sheet. Investment returns produced by those assets are recorded as part of net investment income and net realized gains (losses) in the Company's consolidated results of operations. Funds held as collateral by the Company are included in “Other liabilities” and changes to the funds held liability are reflected as part of interest expense in the Company’s consolidated results of operations. (t) Government Grants The Company claims substance-based government grants and refundable tax credits based on eligible expenditures in the jurisdictions in which it operates. Such amounts are recognized as reductions to the related expenses from which they are derived in the period where it is probable, the conditions for receiving the grant or refundable tax credits are satisfied. Government grants and refundable tax credits receivable are included in ‘Other assets’ and the benefit is primarily reflected as a reduction to ‘other operating expenses’ and ‘corporate expenses’ in the Company’s consolidated results of operations. (u) Recent Accounting Pronouncements Recently Issued Accounting Standards Adopted The Company adopted ASU 2023-09, “Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures,” which was issued in December 2023 with the stated purpose of enhancing the transparency and decision usefulness of income tax disclosures. The amendments in ASU 2023-09 address investor requests for enhanced income tax information primarily through changes to the rate reconciliation and income taxes paid information. The Company adopted this ASU on a prospective basis. The adoption of this ASU did not have any effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Recently Issued Accounting Standards Not Yet Adopted ASU 2024-03, “Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses” was issued in November 2024, which requires disaggregated disclosure of income statement expenses for public business entities. The ASU does not change the expense captions an entity presents on the face of the income statement; rather, it requires disaggregation of certain expense captions into specified categories in disclosures within the footnotes to the financial statements. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. The requirements will be applied prospectively with the option for retrospective application. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. ASU 2025-06, “Intangibles – Goodwill and Other – Internal- Use Software (Subtopic 350-40): Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Internal-Use Software,” was issued in September 2025. The new guidance amends the accounting for the internal-use software by eliminating references to software development project stages. Under the revised standard, entities must capitalize software costs when (i) management has authorized and committed funding for the project, and (ii) it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will function as intended. The update also clarifies that both internal and external training costs, as well as maintenance costs, must be expensed as incurred. The ASU is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027 and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. The requirements may be applied prospectively, with options for modified retrospective or full retrospective application. The Company plans to early adopt this ASU on a prospective basis beginning January 1, 2026, consistent with the permitted early adoption rules. The Company does not expect this ASU to have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. ARCH CAPITAL 120 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ASU 2025-10, “Accounting for Government Grants Received by Business Entities”, was issued in December 2025. The ASU establishes authoritative guidance for the recognition, measurement, and presentation of government grants. The amendments in this ASU are effective for public business entities for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2028, and interim periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of this standard on its consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. 4.    Segment Information The Company classifies its businesses into three segments: insurance, reinsurance and mortgage. The Company determined its segments using the management approach described in accounting guidance regarding disclosures about segments of an enterprise and related information. The accounting policies of the segments are the same as those used for the preparation of the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Intersegment business is allocated to the segment accountable for the underwriting results. The Company’s insurance, reinsurance and mortgage segments each have managers who are responsible for the overall profitability of their respective segments and who are directly accountable to the Company’s chief operating decision-makers (“CODMs”): the Chief Executive Officer of Arch Capital and the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Arch Capital. The CODMs do not assess performance, measure return on equity or make resource allocation decisions on a line of business basis. Management measures segment performance for its three segments based on underwriting income or loss. The Company does not manage its assets by segment, with the exception of goodwill and intangible assets and accordingly investment income is not allocated to each underwriting segment. The Company’s insurance segment primarily consists of commercial insurance lines of business, with a focus on specialty insurance products. These products are mainly offered in North America, Bermuda, the United Kingdom, continental Europe and Australia. Products offered in North America include: commercial automobile; commercial multiperil; other liability—claims made, which includes financial and professional lines; other liability—occurrence, which includes admitted and excess and surplus casualty lines; property and short-tail specialty; workers compensation; and other. Products offered across the Company’s International units include: property and short-tail specialty; and casualty and other. The Company’s reinsurance segment offers reinsurance products on a worldwide basis. Product lines of business include: casualty; marine and aviation; specialty; property catastrophe; property excluding property catastrophe; and other. The Company’s mortgage segment consists of U.S. primary mortgage insurance business written predominantly on loans sold to the Federal National Mortgage Association (“Fannie Mae”) and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (“Freddie Mac”), each a government sponsored entity (“GSE”) and also through non-GSE approved entities (combined “Arch MI U.S.”); reinsurance and underwriting services related to U.S. credit-risk transfer (“CRT”) business which are predominately with the GSEs and other U.S. mortgage reinsurance transactions; and international mortgage insurance and reinsurance business covering loans primarily in Australia and Europe. The Company’s results also include net investment income, net realized gains or losses (which includes, but is not limited to, realized and unrealized changes in the fair value of equity securities and assets accounted for using the fair value option, realized and unrealized gains or losses on derivative instruments, changes in the allowance for credit losses on financial assets and gains or losses realized from the acquisition or disposition of subsidiaries), equity in net income or loss of investment funds accounted for using the equity method, other income (loss), corporate expenses, transaction costs and other, amortization of intangible assets, interest expense, net foreign exchange gains or losses, income tax items, income or loss from operating affiliates and items related to the Company’s non-cumulative preferred shares. ARCH CAPITAL 121 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following tables summarize the Company’s underwriting income or loss by segment, together with a reconciliation of underwriting income or loss to net income available to Arch common shareholders, summary information regarding net premiums written and earned by major line of business and net premiums written by location: Year Ended December 31, 2025 Insurance Reinsurance Mortgage Total Gross premiums written (1) $ 10,435 $ 11,149 $ 1,305 $ 22,878 Premiums ceded (1) ( 2,637 ) ( 3,531 ) ( 245 ) ( 6,402 ) Net premiums written 7,798 7,618 1,060 16,476 Change in unearned premiums ( 27 ) 504 112 589 Net premiums earned 7,771 8,122 1,172 17,065 Other underwriting income (2) 36 159 22 217 Losses and loss adjustment expenses ( 4,764 ) ( 4,610 ) 4 ( 9,370 ) Acquisition expenses ( 1,496 ) ( 1,644 ) ( 13 ) ( 3,153 ) Other operating expenses (3) ( 1,172 ) ( 469 ) ( 185 ) ( 1,826 ) Underwriting income $ 375 $ 1,558 $ 1,000 2,933 Net investment income 1,625 Net realized gains (losses) 464 Equity in net income (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method 504 Other income (loss) 54 Corporate expenses (4) ( 57 ) Transaction costs and other (4) ( 75 ) Amortization of intangible assets ( 193 ) Interest expense ( 148 ) Net foreign exchange gains (losses) ( 128 ) Income (loss) before income taxes and income (loss) from operating affiliates 4,979 Income tax (expense) benefit ( 760 ) Income (loss) from operating affiliates 180 Net income (loss) 4,399 Amounts attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests — Net income (loss) available to Arch 4,399 Preferred dividends ( 40 ) Net income (loss) available to Arch common shareholders $ 4,359 Underwriting Ratios Loss ratio 61.3 % 56.8 % - 0.4 % 54.9 % Acquisition expense ratio 19.3 % 20.2 % 1.1 % 18.5 % Other operating expense ratio (5) 14.6 % 3.8 % 13.9 % 9.4 % Combined ratio 95.2 % 80.8 % 14.6 % 82.8 % Goodwill and intangible assets $ 793 $ 98 $ 331 $ 1,222 Total investable assets $ 47,369 Total assets 79,241 Total liabilities 55,035 (1) Certain assumed and ceded amounts related to intersegment transactions are included in individual segment results. Accordingly, the sum of such transactions for each segment does not agree to the total due to eliminations. (2) ‘Other underwriting income’ includes revenue earned from underwriting-related activities covered under existing service contracts. (3) Other operating expenses primarily include expenses that are related to compensation and employee benefits, information technology and professional fees, reduced in part by substance based credits. See note 3 (u) . (4) Certain expenses have been excluded from ‘Corporate expenses’ and reflected in ‘Transaction costs and other.’ See note 3(u) . (5) The ‘Other operating expense ratio’ for the 2025 period includes ‘Other underwriting income.’ ARCH CAPITAL 122 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Year Ended December 31, 2024 Insurance Reinsurance Mortgage Total Gross premiums written (1) $ 9,053 $ 11,112 $ 1,351 $ 21,511 Premiums ceded (1) ( 2,179 ) ( 3,366 ) ( 239 ) ( 5,779 ) Net premiums written 6,874 7,746 1,112 15,732 Change in unearned premiums ( 247 ) ( 504 ) 119 ( 632 ) Net premiums earned 6,627 7,242 1,231 15,100 Other underwriting income — 9 17 26 Losses and loss adjustment expenses ( 4,070 ) ( 4,327 ) 55 ( 8,342 ) Acquisition expenses ( 1,217 ) ( 1,432 ) ( 2 ) ( 2,651 ) Other operating expenses (2) ( 995 ) ( 270 ) ( 207 ) ( 1,472 ) Underwriting income (loss) $ 345 $ 1,222 $ 1,094 2,661 Net investment income 1,495 Net realized gains (losses) 197 Equity in net income (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method 580 Other income (loss) 42 Corporate expenses (3) ( 119 ) Transaction costs and other (3) ( 81 ) Amortization of intangible assets ( 235 ) Interest expense ( 141 ) Net foreign exchange gains (losses) 75 Income (loss) before income taxes and income (loss) from operating affiliates 4,474 Income tax (expense) benefit ( 362 ) Income (loss) from operating affiliates 200 Net income (loss) 4,312 Amounts attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests — Net income (loss) available to Arch 4,312 Preferred dividends ( 40 ) Net income (loss) available to Arch common shareholders $ 4,272 Underwriting Ratios Loss ratio 61.4 % 59.7 % - 4.4 % 55.2 % Acquisition expense ratio 18.4 % 19.8 % 0.2 % 17.6 % Other operating expense ratio 15.0 % 3.7 % 16.8 % 9.7 % Combined ratio 94.8 % 83.2 % 12.6 % 82.5 % Goodwill and intangible assets $ 916 $ 102 $ 333 $ 1,351 Total investable assets $ 41,388 Total assets 70,906 Total liabilities 50,086 (1)    Certain assumed and ceded amounts related to intersegment transactions are included in individual segment results. Accordingly, the sum of such transactions for each segment does not agree to the total due to eliminations. (2)    Other operating expenses primarily include expenses that are related to compensation and employee benefits, information technology and professional fees. (3)    Certain expenses have been excluded from ‘Corporate expenses’ and reflected in ‘Transaction costs and other.’ ARCH CAPITAL 123 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Year Ended December 31, 2023 Insurance Reinsurance Mortgage Total Gross premiums written (1) $ 7,911 $ 9,113 $ 1,387 $ 18,403 Premiums ceded (1) ( 2,049 ) ( 2,559 ) ( 335 ) ( 4,935 ) Net premiums written 5,862 6,554 1,052 13,468 Change in unearned premiums ( 416 ) ( 718 ) 106 ( 1,028 ) Net premiums earned 5,446 5,836 1,158 12,440 Other underwriting income — 17 14 31 Losses and loss adjustment expenses ( 3,122 ) ( 3,227 ) 103 ( 6,246 ) Acquisition expenses ( 1,055 ) ( 1,240 ) ( 17 ) ( 2,312 ) Other operating expenses (2) ( 819 ) ( 288 ) ( 194 ) ( 1,301 ) Underwriting income (loss) $ 450 $ 1,098 $ 1,064 2,612 Net investment income 1,023 Net realized gains (losses) ( 165 ) Equity in net income (loss) of investments accounted for using the equity method 278 Other income (loss) 27 Corporate expenses (3) ( 96 ) Transaction costs and other (3) ( 6 ) Amortization of intangible assets ( 95 ) Interest expense ( 133 ) Net foreign exchange gains (losses) ( 60 ) Income (loss) before income taxes and income (loss) from operating affiliates 3,385 Income tax (expense) benefit 873 Income (loss) from operating affiliates 184 Net income 4,442 Amounts attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests 1 Net income (loss) available to Arch 4,443 Preferred dividends ( 40 ) Net income (loss) available to Arch common shareholders $ 4,403 Underwriting Ratios Loss ratio 57.3 % 55.3 % - 8.9 % 50.2 % Acquisition expense ratio 19.4 % 21.2 % 1.4 % 18.6 % Other operating expense ratio 15.0 % 4.9 % 16.8 % 10.5 % Combined ratio 91.7 % 81.4 % 9.3 % 79.3 % Goodwill and intangible assets $ 224 $ 130 $ 377 $ 731 Total investable assets $ 34,589 Total assets 58,906 Total liabilities 40,551 (1)    Certain assumed and ceded amounts related to intersegment transactions are included in individual segment results. Accordingly, the sum of such transactions for each segment does not agree to the total due to eliminations. (2)    Other operating expenses primarily include expenses that are related to compensation and employee benefits, information technology and professional fees. (3)    Certain expenses have been excluded from ‘Corporate expenses’ and reflected in ‘Transaction costs and other.’ ARCH CAPITAL 124 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The following tables provide summary information regarding net premiums earned by major line of business and net premiums written by underwriting location: INSURANCE SEGMENT Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net premiums earned North America Property and short-tail specialty $ 1,373 $ 1,165 $ 976 Other liability - occurrence 1,321 942 618 Other liability - claims made 786 843 866 Commercial multi-peril 792 435 193 Commercial automobile 581 459 343 Workers compensation 591 549 495 Other 291 309 290 Total North America 5,735 4,702 3,781 International Property and short-tail specialty $ 1,099 $ 1,061 $ 885 Casualty and other 937 864 780 Total International 2,036 1,925 1,665 Total $ 7,771 $ 6,627 $ 5,446 Net premiums written by underwriting location North America $ 5,724 $ 4,869 $ 3,995 International 2,074 2,005 1,867 Total $ 7,798 $ 6,874 $ 5,862 REINSURANCE SEGMENT Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net premiums earned Specialty $ 2,906 $ 2,619 $ 2,097 Property excluding property catastrophe 2,252 2,148 1,645 Casualty 1,432 1,088 1,005 Property catastrophe 1,065 959 742 Marine and aviation 317 276 229 Other 150 152 118 Total $ 8,122 $ 7,242 $ 5,836 Net premiums written by underwriting location Bermuda $ 3,672 $ 3,425 $ 3,288 United States 1,798 2,135 1,756 Europe and other 2,148 2,186 1,510 Total $ 7,618 $ 7,746 $ 6,554 MORTGAGE SEGMENT Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net premiums earned U.S. primary mortgage insurance $ 802 $ 845 $ 759 U.S. credit risk transfer (CRT) and other 207 213 220 International mortgage insurance/reinsurance 163 173 179 Total $ 1,172 $ 1,231 $ 1,158 Net premiums written by underwriting location United States $ 780 $ 823 $ 743 Other 280 289 309 Total $ 1,060 $ 1,112 $ 1,052 ARCH CAPITAL 125 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 5.    Reserve for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses The following table represents an analysis of losses and loss adjustment expenses and a reconciliation of the beginning and ending reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses at beginning of year $ 29,369 $ 22,752 $ 20,032 Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses recoverable 7,821 6,690 6,280 Net reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses at beginning of year 21,548 16,062 13,752 Net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses relating to losses occurring in: Current year 9,970 8,849 6,784 Prior years ( 600 ) ( 507 ) ( 538 ) Total net incurred losses and loss adjustment expenses 9,370 8,342 6,246 Net losses and loss adjustment expense reserves of acquired business (1) 50 2,477 — Foreign exchange (gains) losses and other 550 ( 260 ) 157 Net paid losses and loss adjustment expenses relating to losses occurring in: Current year ( 1,862 ) ( 1,176 ) ( 1,081 ) Prior years ( 5,163 ) ( 3,897 ) ( 3,012 ) Total net paid losses and loss adjustment expenses ( 7,025 ) ( 5,073 ) ( 4,093 ) Net reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses at end of year 24,493 21,548 16,062 Unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses recoverable 9,054 7,821 6,690 Reserve for losses and loss adjustment expenses at end of year $ 33,547 $ 29,369 $ 22,752 (1) Activity in the 2025 and 2024 periods primarily related to the MCE Acquisition (see note 2 ). Prior year development (“PYD”) arises from changes in loss estimates during the current period related to events occurring in prior calendar years. Long-tailed lines include lines of business that typically take many years for claims to settle such as third party liability; short-tailed lines are those that settle more quickly such as property. The table below summarizes (favorable) and adverse net PYD by segment and tail length: (Favorable) Adverse Year Ended December 31, 2025 Short-tailed Long-tailed Total Insurance $ ( 61 ) $ 18 $ ( 43 ) Reinsurance ( 386 ) 64 ( 322 ) Mortgage ( 235 ) — ( 235 ) Total $ ( 682 ) $ 82 $ ( 600 ) 2024 Insurance $ ( 53 ) $ 16 $ ( 37 ) Reinsurance ( 232 ) 44 ( 188 ) Mortgage ( 282 ) — ( 282 ) Total $ ( 567 ) $ 60 $ ( 507 ) 2023 Insurance $ ( 85 ) $ 43 $ ( 42 ) Reinsurance ( 202 ) 50 ( 152 ) Mortgage ( 344 ) — ( 344 ) Total $ ( 631 ) $ 93 $ ( 538 ) ARCH CAPITAL 126 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Year Ended December 31, 2025 The insurance segment’s short-tailed lines included $ 26 million of favorable development in travel and accident, primarily from the 2023 and 2024 accident years, ( i.e ., the year in which a loss occurred), and $ 21 million of favorable development in property, energy, marine and aviation, primarily from the 2023 and 2024 accident years. Net adverse development in long-tailed lines included adverse development in programs, mainly from the 2021 to 2023 accident years. The reinsurance segment’s short-tailed lines included $ 178 million of favorable development from property other than property catastrophe, primarily from the 2023 and 2024 underwriting years ( i.e. , all premiums and losses attributable to contracts having an inception or renewal date within the given 12 month period), and $ 141 million of favorable development from property catastrophe, primarily from the 2023 and 2024 underwriting years. Long-tailed lines included $ 64 million of adverse development in casualty, primarily from the 2021, 2023 and 2024 underwriting years. The mortgage segment’s favorable development was driven by reserve releases associated with the U.S. first lien portfolio from the 2023 and 2024 accident years. The Company’s credit risk transfer and international businesses also contributed to the favorable development. Year Ended December 31, 2024 The insurance segment’s short-tailed lines included $ 32 million of favorable development in travel and accident, primarily from the 2023 accident year, and $ 31 million of favorable development in surety, primarily from the 2007, 2022 and 2023 accident years. Net adverse development in long-tailed lines included adverse development in programs, mainly from the 2023 accident year. The reinsurance segment’s short-tailed lines included $ 99 million of favorable development from property other than property catastrophe, primarily from the 2022 and 2023 underwriting years, $ 74 million of favorable development from specialty lines, primarily from the 2015 to 2022 underwriting years, and $ 64 million of favorable development from property catastrophe, primarily from the 2020 to 2023 underwriting years. Long-tailed lines included $ 44 million of adverse development in casualty, primarily from the 2016, 2017 and 2020 underwriting years. The mortgage segment’s favorable development was driven by reserve releases associated with the U.S. first lien portfolio from the 2022 and 2023 accident years. The Company’s credit risk transfer and international businesses also contributed to the favorable development. Year Ended December 31, 2023 The insurance segment’s short-tailed lines included $ 43 million of favorable development in property, energy marine and aviation, primarily from the 2021 and 2022 accident years, $ 22 million of favorable development in warranty and lenders solutions, primarily from the 2022 accident year, and $ 15 million of favorable development in travel and accident, primarily from the 2022 accident year. Long-tailed lines included $ 50 million of adverse development in professional liability, primarily from the 2017 to 2020 accident years. The reinsurance segment’s short-tailed lines included $ 93 million of favorable development in property other than property catastrophe, primarily from the 2020 to 2022 underwriting years, $ 51 million of favorable development in property catastrophe, primarily from the 2019 to 2022 underwriting years, and $ 35 million from specialty lines, primarily from the 2021 underwriting year. Long-tailed lines included $ 45 million of adverse development in casualty business, primarily from the 2013 to 2020 underwriting years. The mortgage segment’s favorable development was driven by reserve releases associated with the U.S. first lien portfolio from the 2020 to 2022 accident years. The Company’s credit risk transfer and international businesses also contributed to the favorable development. ARCH CAPITAL 127 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 6.    Short Duration Contracts The Company’s reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses primarily relate to short-duration contracts with various characteristics ( e.g. , type of coverage, geography, claims duration). The Company considered such information in determining the level of disaggregation for disclosures related to its short-duration contracts, as detailed in the table below: Reportable segment Level of disaggregation Included lines of business Insurance Property energy, marine and aviation Property energy, marine and aviation Third party occurrence business Excess and surplus casualty (excluding contract binding); construction and national accounts; and other (including alternative market risks, excess workers’ compensation and employer’s liability insurance coverages) Third party claims-made business Professional lines Multi-line and other specialty Programs; contract binding (part of excess and surplus casualty); travel, accident and health; warranty and lenders solutions; and other (c ontract and commercial surety coverages); MCE business 1 Reinsurance Casualty Casualty Property catastrophe Property catastrophe Property excluding property catastrophe Property excluding property catastrophe Marine and aviation Marine and aviation Specialty Specialty Mortgage Direct mortgage insurance in the U.S. Mortgage insurance on U.S. primary exposures (1) Includes business underwritten under a new business reinsurance agreement related to the MCE Acquisition. See note 2 . The Company dete rmined the following to be insignificant for disclosure purposes: (i) certain mortgage business, including non-U.S. primary business, second lien and student loan exposures, global mortgage reinsurance and participation in various GSE credit risk-sharing products and (ii) certain reinsurance business, including casualty clash and non-traditional lines. Such amounts are included as reconciling items. The Company is required to establish reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses (“Loss Reserves”) that arise from the business the Company underwrites. Loss Reserves for the insurance, reinsurance and mortgage segments represent estimates of future amounts required to pay losses and loss adjustment expenses for insured or reinsured events which have occurred at or before the balance sheet date. Loss Reserves do not reflect contingency reserve allowances to account for future loss occurrences. Losses arising from future events will be estimated and recognized at the time the losses are incurred and could be substantial. Insurance Segment Loss Reserves for the insurance segment are comprised of estimated amounts for (1) reported losses (“case reserves”) and (2) incurred but not reported losses (“IBNR reserves”). Generally, claims personnel determine whether to establish a case reserve for the estimated amount of the ultimate settlement of individual claims. The estimate reflects the judgment of claims personnel based on general corporate reserving practices, the experience and knowledge of such personnel regarding the nature and value of the specific type of claim and, where appropriate, advice of counsel. The Company also contracts with a number of outside third party administrators in the claims process who, in certain cases, have limited authority to establish case reserves. The work of such administrators is reviewed and monitored by our claims personnel. Loss Reserves are also established to provide for loss adjustment expenses and represent the estimated expense of settling claims, including legal and other fees and the general expenses of administering the claims adjustment process. Periodically, adjustments to the case reserves may be made as additional information is reported or payments are made. IBNR reserves are established to provide for incurred claims which have not yet been reported at the balance sheet date as well as to adjust for any projected variance in case reserving. Actuaries estimate ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses using various generally accepted actuarial methods applied to known losses and other relevant information. Like case reserves, IBNR reserves are adjusted as additional information becomes known or payments are made. The process of estimating reserves involves a considerable degree of judgment by management and, as of any given date, is inherently uncertain. Ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses are generally determined by projection of claim emergence and settlement patterns observed in the past that can reasonably be expected to persist into the future. In forecasting ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses with respect to any line of business, past experience with respect to that line of business is the primary resource, developed through both industry and company experience, but cannot be relied upon in isolation. Uncertainties in estimating ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses are magnified by the length of the time lag between when a claim actually occurs and when it is reported and settled. This time lag is sometimes referred to as the “claim-tail.” During this period additional facts regarding coverages written in prior accident years, as well as about actual claims and trends, may become known and, as a result, may lead to ARCH CAPITAL 128 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS adjustments of the related Loss Reserves. If the Company determines that an adjustment is appropriate, the adjustment is recorded in the accounting period in which such determination is made. Accordingly, should Loss Reserves need to be increased or decreased in the future from amounts currently established, future results of operations would be negatively or positively impacted respectively. The Company authorizes managing general agents, general agents and other producers to write program business on the Company’s behalf within prescribed underwriting authorities. This delegated authority process introduces additional complexity to the actuarial determination of unpaid future losses and loss adjustment expenses. In order to monitor adherence to the underwriting guidelines given to such parties, the Company periodically performs underwriting and claims due diligence reviews. In determining ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses, the cost to indemnify claimants, provide needed legal defense and other services for insureds and administer the investigation and adjustment of claims are considered. These claim costs are influenced by many factors that change over time, such as expanded coverage definitions as a result of new court decisions, inflation in costs to repair or replace damaged property, inflation in the cost of medical services and legislated changes in statutory benefits, as well as by the particular, unique facts that pertain to each claim. As a result, the rate at which claims arose in the past and the costs to settle them may not always be representative of what will occur in the future. The factors influencing changes in claim costs are often difficult to isolate or quantify and developments in paid and incurred losses from historical trends are frequently subject to multiple and conflicting interpretations. Changes in coverage terms or claims handling practices may also cause future experience and/or development patterns to vary from the past. A key objective of actuaries in developing estimates of ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses, and resulting IBNR reserves, is to identify aberrations and systemic changes occurring within historical experience and adjust for them so that the future can be projected more reliably. Because of the factors previously discussed, this process requires the substantial use of informed judgment and is inherently uncertain. Although Loss Reserves are initially determined based on underwriting and pricing analyses, the Company’s insurance segment applies several generally accepted actuarial methods, as discussed below, on a quarterly basis to evaluate the Loss Reserves, in addition to the expected loss method, in particular for Loss Reserves from more mature accident years (the year in which a loss occurred). Each quarter, as part of the reserving process, the segments’ actuaries reaffirm that the assumptions used in the reserving process continue to form a sound basis for the projection of liabilities. If actual loss activity differs substantially from expectations based on historical information, an adjustment to Loss Reserves may be supported. The Company places more or less reliance on a particular actuarial method based on the facts and circumstances at the time the estimates of Loss Reserves are made. These methods generally fall into one of the following categories or are hybrids of one or more of the following categories: • Expected loss methods - these methods are based on the assumption that ultimate losses vary proportionately with premiums. Expected loss and loss adjustment expense ratios are typically developed based upon the information derived by underwriters and actuaries during the initial pricing of the business, supplemented by industry data available from organizations, such as statistical bureaus and consulting firms, where appropriate. These ratios consider, among other things, rate increases and changes in terms and conditions that have been observed in the market. Expected loss methods are useful for estimating ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses in the early years of long-tailed lines of business, when little or no paid or incurred loss information is available, and is commonly applied when limited loss experience exists for a company. • Historical incurred loss development methods - these methods assume that the ratio of losses in one period to losses in an earlier period will remain constant in the future. These methods use incurred losses ( i.e. , the sum of cumulative historical loss payments plus outstanding case reserves) over discrete periods of time to estimate future losses. Historical incurred loss development methods may be preferable to historical paid loss development methods because they explicitly take into account open cases and the claims adjusters’ evaluations of the cost to settle all known claims. However, historical incurred loss development methods necessarily assume that case reserving practices are consistently applied over time. Therefore, when there have been significant changes in how case reserves are established, using incurred loss data to project ultimate losses may be less reliable than other methods. • Historical paid loss development methods - these methods, like historical incurred loss development methods, assume that the ratio of losses in one period to losses in an earlier period will remain constant. These methods use historical loss payments over discrete periods of time to estimate future losses and necessarily assume that factors that have affected paid losses in the past, such as inflation or the effects of litigation, will remain constant in the future. Because historical paid loss development methods do not use incurred losses to ARCH CAPITAL 129 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS estimate ultimate losses, they may be more reliable than the other methods that use incurred losses in situations where there are significant changes in how incurred losses are established by a company’s claims adjusters. However, historical paid loss development methods are more leveraged (meaning that small changes in payments have a larger impact on estimates of ultimate losses) than actuarial methods that use incurred losses because cumulative loss payments take much longer to equal the expected ultimate losses than cumulative incurred amounts. In addition, and for similar reasons, historical paid loss development methods are often slow to react to situations when new or different factors arise than those that have affected paid losses in the past. • Adjusted historical paid and incurred loss development methods - these methods take traditional historical paid and incurred loss development methods and adjust them for the estimated impact of changes from the past in factors such as inflation, the speed of claim payments or the adequacy of case reserves. Adjusted historical paid and incurred loss development methods are often more reliable methods of predicting ultimate losses in periods of significant change, provided the actuaries can develop methods to reasonably quantify the impact of changes. As such, these methods utilize more judgment than historical paid and incurred loss development methods. • Bornhuetter-Ferguson (“B-F”) paid and incurred loss methods - these methods utilize actual paid and incurred losses and expected patterns of paid and incurred losses, taking the initial expected ultimate losses into account to determine an estimate of expected ultimate losses. The B-F paid and incurred loss methods are useful when there are few reported claims and a relatively less stable pattern of reported losses. • Frequency-Severity methods - These methods utilize actual paid and incurred claim experience, but break the data down into its component pieces: claim counts, often expressed as a ratio to exposure or premium (frequency), and average claim size (severity). The component pieces are projected to an ultimate level and multiplied together to result in an estimate of ultimate loss. These methods are especially useful when the severity of claims can be confined to a relatively stable range of estimated ultimate average claim value. • Additional analyses - other methodologies are often used in the reserving process for specific types of claims or events, such as catastrophic or other specific major events. These include vendor catastrophe models, which are typically used in the estimation of Loss Reserves at the early stage of known catastrophic events before information has been reported to an insurer or reinsurer. In the initial reserving process for short-tail insurance lines (consisting of property, energy, marine and aviation and other exposures including travel, accident and health, and warranty and lenders solutions), the Company relies on a combination of the reserving methods discussed above. For catastrophe-exposed business, the reserving process also includes the usage of catastrophe models for known events and a heavy reliance on analysis of individual catastrophic events and management judgment. The development of losses on short-tail business can be unstable, especially for policies characterized by high severity, low frequency losses. As time passes, for a given accident year, additional weight is given to the paid and incurred B-F loss development methods and eventually to the historical paid and incurred loss development methods in the reserving process. The Company makes a number of key assumptions in their reserving process, including that historical paid and reported development patterns are stable, catastrophe models provide useful information about our exposure to catastrophic events that have occurred and underwriters’ judgment as to potential loss exposures can be relied on. The expected loss ratios used in the initial reserving process for short-tail business have varied over time due to changes in pricing, reinsurance structure, estimates of catastrophe losses, policy changes (such as attachment points, class and limits) and geographical distribution. As losses in short-tail lines are reported relatively quickly, expected loss ratios are selected for the current accident year based upon actual attritional loss ratios for earlier accident years, adjusted for rate changes, inflation, changes in reinsurance programs and expected attritional losses based on modeling. Furthermore, ultimate losses for short-tail business are known in a reasonably short period of time. In the initial reserving process for long-tail insurance lines (consisting of third party occurrence business, third party claims made business, and other exposures including surety, programs and contract binding exposures), the Company primarily relies on the expected loss method. The development of the Company’s long-tail business may be unstable, especially if there are high severity major events, as a portion of the Company’s casualty business is in high excess layers. As time passes, for a given accident year, additional weight is given to the paid and incurred B-F loss development methods and historical paid and incurred loss development methods in the reserving process. The Company makes a number of key assumptions in reserving for long-tail lines, including that the pricing loss ratio is the best estimate of the ultimate loss ratio at the time the policy is entered into, that the loss development patterns, which are based on a combination of company and industry loss development patterns and adjusted to reflect differences in the insurance segment’s mix of business, are reasonable and that claims personnel and underwriters analyses of our exposure to major events are assumed to be the best ARCH CAPITAL 130 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS estimate of exposure to the known claims on those events. The expected loss ratios used in the initial reserving process for long-tail business for recent accident years have varied over time, in some cases significantly, from earlier accident years. As the credibility of historical experience for earlier accident years increases, the experience from these accident years will be given a greater weighting in the actuarial analysis to determine future accident year expected loss ratios, adjusted for changes in pricing, loss trends, terms and conditions and reinsurance structure. From time to time, the Company enters into loss portfolio transfer and adverse development cover reinsurance agreements accounted for as retroactive reinsurance. These agreements transfer Loss Reserves and future favorable or adverse development on certain runoff programs and certain third party occurrence business, within multi-line and other specialty business (the “Covered Lines”). As incurred losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses for the Covered Lines are ceded to the reinsurer, the Company is not exposed to changes in the amount, timing and uncertainty of cash flows arising from the Covered Lines. To avoid distortion, the incurred losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses and cumulative paid losses and loss adjustment expenses for the Covered Lines are excluded entirely from the tables below. Unpaid loss and loss adjustment expenses recoverable at December 31, 2025 included $ 121 million related to such reinsurance agreements. The following tables present information on the insurance segment’s short-duration insurance contracts: Property, energy, marine and aviation (in millions except claim count) Incurred losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance December 31, 2025 Total of IBNR liabilities plus expected development on reported claims Cumulative number of reported claims Year ended December 31, Accident year 2016 unaudited 2017 unaudited 2018 unaudited 2019 unaudited 2020 unaudited 2021 unaudited 2022 unaudited 2023 unaudited 2024 unaudited 2025 2016 $ 104 $ 101 $ 105 $ 100 $ 96 $ 92 $ 87 $ 87 $ 86 $ 86 $ — 6,189 2017 281 246 236 230 231 225 225 224 225 — 6,512 2018 181 186 174 170 170 172 170 171 — 5,091 2019 179 179 165 161 159 156 156 ( 2 ) 7,518 2020 359 329 336 333 337 335 1 8,558 2021 427 429 423 421 420 12 10,380 2022 522 495 576 679 91 16,853 2023 571 510 483 48 22,016 2024 703 607 142 25,054 2025 693 327 21,693 Total $ 3,855 Cumulative paid losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 2016 $ 25 $ 83 $ 98 $ 97 $ 94 $ 91 $ 87 $ 87 $ 86 $ 86 2017 30 140 195 212 216 218 220 221 223 2018 30 102 135 143 150 154 157 162 2019 26 105 134 139 148 153 155 2020 56 194 251 293 306 317 2021 90 268 343 365 396 2022 100 276 337 547 2023 146 271 378 2024 195 363 2025 267 Total 2,894 All outstanding liabilities before 2016, net of reinsurance 14 Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance $ 975 ARCH CAPITAL 131 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Third party occurrence business (in millions except claim count) Incurred losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance December 31, 2025 Total of IBNR liabilities plus expected development on reported claims Cumulative number of reported claims Year ended December 31, Accident year 2016 unaudited 2017 unaudited 2018 unaudited 2019 unaudited 2020 unaudited 2021 unaudited 2022 unaudited 2023 unaudited 2024 unaudited 2025 2016 $ 389 $ 394 $ 406 $ 399 $ 375 $ 367 $ 363 $ 352 $ 345 $ 331 $ 49 78,399 2017 417 417 422 412 407 406 404 408 398 72 84,591 2018 430 453 450 451 459 461 448 435 84 79,101 2019 456 487 480 471 470 451 439 80 87,700 2020 606 616 640 632 606 594 91 92,035 2021 622 662 659 671 688 66 94,124 2022 687 726 735 737 300 95,570 2023 877 936 936 482 100,702 2024 1,001 1,038 756 103,711 2025 1,153 1,022 79,110 Total $ 6,749 Cumulative paid losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 2016 $ 12 $ 42 $ 87 $ 137 $ 164 $ 195 $ 215 $ 230 $ 246 $ 252 2017 13 52 100 135 165 221 247 271 289 2018 17 64 115 154 200 247 271 289 2019 18 73 122 173 214 255 282 2020 24 76 155 235 318 374 2021 26 91 174 323 444 2022 24 85 186 294 2023 32 156 264 2024 37 136 2025 46 Total 2,670 All outstanding liabilities before 2016, net of reinsurance 375 Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance $ 4,454 Third party claims-made business (in millions except claim count) Incurred losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance December 31, 2025 Total of IBNR liabilities plus expected development on reported claims Cumulative number of reported claims Year ended December 31, Accident year 2016 unaudited 2017 unaudited 2018 unaudited 2019 unaudited 2020 unaudited 2021 unaudited 2022 unaudited 2023 unaudited 2024 unaudited 2025 2016 $ 275 $ 291 $ 308 $ 314 $ 322 $ 327 $ 329 $ 327 $ 329 $ 325 $ 8 15,135 2017 270 285 311 308 323 316 337 339 326 23 15,712 2018 272 314 319 335 347 366 366 362 22 17,304 2019 288 317 317 321 329 329 326 34 17,428 2020 383 412 423 445 432 419 54 17,580 2021 514 517 498 461 446 119 19,120 2022 668 654 589 570 186 21,348 2023 809 895 901 375 26,037 2024 736 777 432 29,857 2025 882 736 29,188 Total $ 5,334 Cumulative paid losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 2016 $ 11 $ 68 $ 127 $ 158 $ 205 $ 242 $ 257 $ 295 $ 296 $ 304 2017 9 67 113 143 196 232 257 276 284 2018 12 68 118 158 208 258 285 305 2019 12 65 122 154 196 235 254 2020 17 87 151 214 265 309 2021 23 90 162 223 269 2022 25 100 218 307 2023 64 200 332 2024 56 196 2025 49 Total 2,609 All outstanding liabilities before 2016, net of reinsurance 89 Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance $ 2,814 ARCH CAPITAL 132 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Multi-line and other specialty (in millions except claim count) Incurred losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance December 31, 2025 Total of IBNR liabilities plus expected development on reported claims Cumulative number of reported claims Year ended December 31, Accident year 2016 unaudited 2017 unaudited 2018 unaudited 2019 unaudited 2020 unaudited 2021 unaudited 2022 unaudited 2023 unaudited 2024 unaudited 2025 2016 $ 408 $ 430 $ 427 $ 416 $ 410 $ 408 $ 408 $ 406 $ 404 $ 403 $ 3 196,531 2017 482 500 491 500 504 512 515 514 516 4 235,002 2018 512 564 562 564 564 564 564 566 6 265,421 2019 566 611 639 650 656 670 666 8 247,961 2020 616 567 513 515 519 519 22 170,515 2021 634 618 613 634 643 33 137,791 2022 677 640 639 624 64 156,572 2023 815 809 823 133 176,315 2024 1,419 1,442 508 200,279 2025 1,987 1,195 140,332 Total $ 8,189 Cumulative paid losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance 2016 $ 176 $ 304 $ 341 $ 362 $ 379 $ 385 $ 390 $ 391 $ 396 $ 397 2017 181 342 380 423 446 472 479 493 499 2018 211 388 442 479 508 526 543 550 2019 212 385 486 548 576 611 629 2020 171 308 358 405 450 469 2021 157 334 427 511 557 2022 177 370 439 491 2023 253 489 588 2024 336 727 2025 493 Total 5,400 All outstanding liabilities before 2016, net of reinsurance 38 Liabilities for losses and loss adjustment expenses, net of reinsurance $ 2,827 The following table presents the average annual percentage payout of incurred losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses by age, net of reinsurance, as of December 31, 2025: Average annual percentage payout of incurred losses and allocated loss adjustment expenses by age, net of reinsurance Year 1 Year 2 Year 3 Year 4 Year 5 Year 6 Year 7 Year 8 Year 9 Year 10 Property, energy, marine and aviation 23.0 % 41.4 % 18.2 % 8.9 % 3.3 % 1.0 % — % 1.1 % ( 0.1 ) % 0.1 % Third party occurrence business 3.7 % 10.1 % 12.4 % 13.4 % 11.3 % 10.5 % 6.1 % 5.0 % 4.6 % 2.0 % Third party claims-made business 4.7 % 16.1 % 16.3 % 12.0 % 13.3 % 11.8 % 6.4 % 7.7 % 1.3 % 2.4 % Multi-line and other specialty 31.2 % 29.0 % 11.0 % 8.5 % 5.6 % 3.7 % 2.1 % 1.4 % 1.1 % 0.4 % Reinsurance Segment Loss Reserves for the Company’s reinsurance segment are comprised of (1) case reserves, (2) additional case reserves (“ACRs”) and (3) IBNR reserves. The Company receives reports of claims notices from ceding companies and records case reserves based upon the amount of reserves recommended by the ceding company. Case reserves may be supplemented by ACRs, which may be estimated by the Company’s claims personnel ahead of official notification from the ceding company, or when judgment regarding the size or severity of the known event differs from the ceding company. In certain instances, the Company establishes ACRs even when the ceding company does not report any liability on a known event. In addition, specific claim information reported by ceding companies or obtained through claim audits can alert the Company to emerging trends such as changing legal interpretations of coverage and liability, claims from unexpected sources or classes of business, and significant changes in the frequency or severity of individual claims. Such information is often used in the process of estimating IBNR reserves. IBNR reserves are established to provide for incurred claims which have not yet been reported at the balance sheet date as well as to adjust for any projected variance in case reserving. Actuaries estimate ultimate losses and loss adjustment expenses using various generally accepted actuarial methods applied to known losses and other relevant information. Like case reserves, IBNR reserves are adjusted as additional information becomes known or payments are made. The process of estimating Loss Reserves involves a considerable degree of judgment by management and, as of any given date, is inherently uncertain. ARCH CAPITAL 133 2025 FORM 10-K Table of Contents ARCH CAPITAL GROUP LTD. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS The estimation of Loss Reserves for the reinsurance segment is subject to the same

--- VENDORS ---
vendors to security breaches, cybersecurity incidents or other disruptions, any of which could materially and adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. We annually undergo an external penetration testing by a third party cybersecurity firm. These tests and our tabletop exercises enable us to incorporate recommendations and learnings in our program. While we and third parties with which we do business have experienced cybersecurity incidents, to date, the Company does not believe that any previous cybersecurity incidents have materially affected the Company . The sophistication of cybersecurity threats, including through the use of AI, continues to increase, and the controls and preventative actions that we take to reduce the risk of cybersecurity incidents and protect our systems, including the regular testing of our cybersecurity incident response plan, may be insufficient. In addition, new technology that could result in greater operational efficiency such as AI may further expose our information systems to the risk of cybersecurity incidents. See

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of the insurance segment’s loss ratio: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Current year 61.9 % 61.9 % Prior period reserve development (0.6) % (0.5) % Loss ratio 61.3 % 61.4 % Current Year Loss Ratio . The insurance segment’s current year loss ratio in 2025 was consistent with 2024. The 2025 loss ratio included 4.4 points of current year catastrophic event activity, compared to 4.6 points in 2024. The current year loss ratio for the 2025 period also reflected the impact of the MCE Acquisition and changes in mix of business. ARCH CAPITAL 76 2025 FORM 10-K Prior Period Reserve Development . The insurance segment’s net favorable development was $43 million, or 0.6 points, for 2025, compared to $37 million, or 0.5 points, for 2024. See note 5, “Reserve for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses,” to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for information about the insurance segment’s prior year reserve development. Underwriting Expenses . The insurance segment’s underwriting expense ratio was 33.9% in 2025, compared to 33.4% in 2024. Reinsurance Segment The following tables set forth our reinsurance segment’s underwriting results: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 % Change Gross premiums written $ 11,149 $ 11,112 0.3 Premiums ceded (3,531) (3,366) Net premiums written 7,618 7,746 (1.7) Change in unearned premiums 504 (504) Net premiums earned 8,122 7,242 12.2 Other underwriting income (1) 159 9 Losses and loss adjustment expenses (4,610) (4,327) Acquisition expenses (1,644) (1,432) Other operating expenses (469) (270) Underwriting income $ 1,558 $ 1,222 27.5 Underwriting Ratios % Point Change Loss ratio 56.8 % 59.7 % (2.9) Acquisition expense ratio 20.2 % 19.8 % 0.4 Other operating expense ratio (2) 3.8 % 3.7 % 0.1 Combined ratio 80.8 % 83.2 % (2.4) (1) ‘Other underwriting income’ includes revenue earned from underwriting related activities covered under existing service contracts. (2) The ‘Other operating expense ratio’ for the 2025 period includes ‘Other underwriting income.’ See ‘Comments on Non-GAAP Financial Measures’ for further details. The reinsurance segment consists of our reinsurance underwriting units which offer specialty product lines on a worldwide basis, as described in note 4, “Segment Information,” to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Net Premiums Written . The following tables set forth our reinsurance segment’s net premiums written by major line of business: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Amount % Amount % Specialty $ 2,543 33.4 $ 2,849 36.8 Property excluding property catastrophe 2,043 26.8 2,264 29.2 Casualty 1,507 19.8 1,222 15.8 Property catastrophe 1,073 14.1 958 12.4 Marine and aviation 301 4.0 300 3.9 Other 151 2.0 153 2.0 Total $ 7,618 100.0 $ 7,746 100.0 Net premiums written by the reinsurance segment were 1.7% lower in 2025 than in 2024. The lower level of net premiums written primarily reflected non-renewals and share decreases in the specialty line of business offset, in part, by increases in casualty. Net Premiums Earned . The following tables set forth our reinsurance segment’s net premiums earned by major line of business: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Amount % Amount % Specialty $ 2,906 35.8 $ 2,619 36.2 Property excluding property catastrophe 2,252 27.7 2,148 29.7 Casualty 1,432 17.6 1,088 15.0 Property catastrophe 1,065 13.1 959 13.2 Marine and aviation 317 3.9 276 3.8 Other 150 1.8 152 2.1 Total $ 8,122 100.0 $ 7,242 100.0 Net premiums earned in 2025 were 12.2% higher than in 2024, reflecting changes in net premiums written over the previous five quarters, including the mix and type of business written. ARCH CAPITAL 77 2025 FORM 10-K Other Underwriting Income (Loss). Other underwriting income, which includes revenue earned from underwriting-related activities covered under existing service contracts was $159 million in 2025, compared to $9 million in 2024. Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses . The table below shows the components of the reinsurance segment’s loss ratio: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Current year 60.8 % 62.3 % Prior period reserve development (4.0) % (2.6) % Loss ratio 56.8 % 59.7 % Current Year Loss Ratio . The reinsurance segment’s current year loss ratio was 1.5 points lower in 2025 than in 2024. The 2025 loss ratio included 8.5 points for current year catastrophic event activity, primarily related to the California wildfires, compared to 11.8 points in 2024, primarily related to Hurricanes Milton, Helene and a series of other global events. The current year loss ratio for 2025 also reflected changes in mix of business. Prior Period Reserve Development . The reinsurance segment’s net favorable development was $322 million, or 4.0 points, for 2025, compared to $188 million, or 2.6 points, for 2024, See note 5, “Reserve for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses,” to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for information about the reinsurance segment’s prior year reserve development. Underwriting Expenses . The underwriting expense ratio for the reinsurance segment was 24.0% in 2025, compared to 23.5% in 2024. The increase in the 2025 period primarily reflected lower profit and sliding scale commissions on ceded business. Mortgage Segment The following tables set forth our mortgage segment’s underwriting results. Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 % Change Gross premiums written $ 1,305 $ 1,351 (3.4) Premiums ceded (245) (239) Net premiums written 1,060 1,112 (4.7) Change in unearned premiums 112 119 Net premiums earned 1,172 1,231 (4.8) Other underwriting income (1) 22 17 Losses and loss adjustment expenses 4 55 Acquisition expenses (13) (2) Other operating expenses (185) (207) Underwriting income $ 1,000 $ 1,094 (8.6) Underwriting Ratios % Point Change Loss ratio (0.4) % (4.4) % 4.0 Acquisition expense ratio 1.1 % 0.2 % 0.9 Other operating expense ratio (2) 13.9 % 16.8 % (2.9) Combined ratio 14.6 % 12.6 % 2.0 (1) ‘Other underwriting income’ includes revenue earned from underwriting related activities covered under existing service contracts. (2) The ‘Other operating expense ratio’ for the 2025 period includes ‘Other underwriting income.’ See ‘Comments on Non-GAAP Financial Measures’ for further details. Net Premiums Written . The following table sets forth our mortgage segment’s net premiums written by underwriting unit: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 U.S. primary mortgage insurance $ 779 $ 820 U.S. credit risk transfer (CRT) and other 207 212 International mortgage insurance/reinsurance 74 80 Total $ 1,060 $ 1,112 Net premiums written for 2025 were 4.7% lower than in 2024. The reduction in net premiums written in the 2025 period primarily reflected lower gross premiums written and expenses related to tender offers of certain Bellemeade Re mortgage insurance linked notes. The persistency rate of the U.S. primary portfolio of mortgage loans was 81.8% at December 31, 2025 compared to 82.1% at December 31, 2024. The persistency rate represents the percentage of mortgage insurance in force at the beginning of a 12 month period that remains in force at the end of such period. ARCH CAPITAL 78 2025 FORM 10-K The following tables provide details on the new insurance written (“NIW”) generated by U.S. primary mortgage insurance operations. NIW represents the original principal balance of all loans that received coverage during the period. Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Amount % Amount % Total new insurance written (NIW) (1) $ 48,705 $ 48,479 Credit quality: >=740 $ 37,335 76.7 $ 34,023 70.2 680-739 10,142 20.8 12,805 26.4 620-679 1,214 2.5 1,644 3.4 <620 14 0.0 7 0.0 Total $ 48,705 100.0 $ 48,479 100.0 Loan-to-value (LTV): 95.01% and above $ 3,387 7.0 $ 3,564 7.4 90.01% to 95.00% 21,568 44.3 24,837 51.2 85.01% to 90.00% 16,525 33.9 14,735 30.4 85.01% and below 7,225 14.8 5,343 11.0 Total $ 48,705 100.0 $ 48,479 100.0 Monthly vs. single: Monthly $ 46,196 94.8 $ 45,589 94.0 Single 2,509 5.2 2,890 6.0 Total $ 48,705 100.0 $ 48,479 100.0 Purchase vs. refinance: Purchase $ 44,387 91.1 $ 46,952 96.9 Refinance 4,318 8.9 1,527 3.1 Total $ 48,705 100.0 $ 48,479 100.0 (1) Represents the original principal balance of all loans that received coverage during the period. Net Premiums Earned . The following table sets forth our mortgage segment’s net premiums earned by underwriting unit: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 U.S. primary mortgage insurance $ 802 $ 845 U.S. credit risk transfer (CRT) and other 207 213 International mortgage insurance/reinsurance 163 173 Total $ 1,172 $ 1,231 Net premiums earned for 2025 were 4.8% lower than in 2024, reflecting changes in net premiums written over the previous five quarters. Other Underwriting Income . Other underwriting income, which is primarily related to GSE risk-sharing transactions services, was $22 million for 2025, compared to $17 million for 2024. Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses . The table below shows the components of the mortgage segment’s loss ratio: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Current year 19.8 % 18.6 % Prior period reserve development (20.2) % (23.0) % Loss ratio (0.4) % (4.4) % Unlike property and casualty business for which we estimate ultimate losses on premiums earned, losses on U.S. primary mortgage insurance business are only recorded at the time a borrower is delinquent on their mortgage, in accordance with primary mortgage insurance industry practice. Because our primary mortgage insurance reserving process does not take into account the impact of future losses from loans that are not delinquent, mortgage insurance loss reserves are not an estimate of ultimate losses. In addition to establishing loss reserves for delinquent loans, under GAAP, we are required to establish a premium deficiency reserve for our mortgage insurance products if the amount of expected future losses and maintenance costs exceeds expected future premiums, existing reserves and the anticipated investment income for such product. We assess the need for a premium deficiency reserve on a quarterly basis and perform a full analysis annually. No such reserve was established during 2025 or 2024. Current Year Loss Ratio . The mortgage segment’s current year loss ratio was 1.2 points higher in 2025 compared to 2024. The higher current year loss ratio in 2025 period reflected slightly higher new delinquencies and the impact of the Bellemeade Re tender offers noted above. The percentage of loans in default on U.S. primary mortgage insurance increased from 2.09% at December 31, 2024 to 2.17% at December 31, 2025. We insure mortgages for homes in areas that have been impacted by catastrophic events. Generally, mortgage insurance losses occur only when a credit event occurs and, following a physical damage event, when the home is restored to pre-storm condition. Our ultimate claims exposure will depend on the number of delinquency notices received and the ultimate claim rate related to such notices. In the event of natural disasters, cure rates are influenced by the adequacy of homeowners and flood insurance carried on a related property, and a borrower's access to aid from government entities and private organizations, in addition to other factors which generally impact cure rates in unaffected areas. ARCH CAPITAL 79 2025 FORM 10-K Prior Period Reserve Development . The mortgage segment’s net favorable development was $235 million, or 20.2 points, for 2025, compared to $282 million, or 23.0 points, for 2024. See note 5, “Reserve for Losses and Loss Adjustment Expenses,” to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for information about the mortgage segment’s prior year reserve development. Underwriting Expenses . The underwriting expense ratio for the mortgage segment was 15.0% for 2025, compared to 17.0% for 2024. The decrease in the 2025 period primarily reflects a lower headcount as a result of the 2024 voluntary separation program. Corporate The Company’s corporate results include net investment income, net realized gains or losses (which includes, but is not limited to, realized and unrealized changes in the fair value of equity securities and assets accounted for using the fair value option, realized and unrealized gains or losses on derivative instruments, changes in the allowance for credit losses on financial assets and gains or losses realized from the acquisition or disposition of subsidiaries), equity in net income or loss of investments accounted for using the equity method, other income or loss, corporate expenses, transaction costs and other, amortization of intangible assets, interest expense, net foreign exchange gains or losses, income taxes, income from operating affiliates and items related to our non-cumulative preferred shares. Net Investment Income. The components of net investment income were derived from the following sources: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Fixed maturities $ 1,465 $ 1,266 Short-term investments 102 144 Equity securities (dividends) 41 40 Other (1) 109 136 Gross investment income 1,717 1,586 Investment expenses (2) (92) (91) Net investment income $ 1,625 $ 1,495 (1)    Amounts include dividends and other distributions on investment funds, term loan investments, funds held balances, cash balances and other items. (2)    Investment expenses were approximately 0.23% of average invested assets for 2025, compared to 0.26% for 2024. The pre-tax investment income yield was 4.11% for 2025, compared to 4.25% for 2024. The pre-tax investment income yields were calculated based on amortized cost. Net cash flow from operating activities contributed $6.2 billion in 2025, which increased our invested asset base and contributed to the growth in net investment income. Yields on future investment income may vary based on financial market conditions, investment allocation decisions and other factors. Net Realized Gains or Losses. We recorded net realized gains of $464 million for 2025, compared to net realized gains of $197 million for 2024. Amounts in both periods reflected sales of investments as well as the impact of financial market movements on the Company’s equity securities and investments accounted for under the fair value option method. Amounts in the 2025 period also include losses related to the impairment and sale of certain alternative investments accounted for under the equity method. Currently, our portfolio is actively managed to maximize total return within certain guidelines. The effect of financial market movements on the investment portfolio will directly impact net realized gains or losses as the portfolio is rebalanced. Net realized gains or losses from the sale of fixed maturities primarily results from our decisions to reduce credit exposure, to change duration targets, to rebalance our portfolios or due to relative value determinations. Net realized gains or losses also include realized and unrealized contract gains and losses on our derivative instruments, changes in the fair value of assets accounted for using the fair value option and in the fair value of equities, along with changes in the allowance for credit losses on financial assets, net impairment losses recognized in earnings and gains or losses realized from the acquisition or disposition of subsidiaries. See note 9, “Investment Information—Net Realized Gains (Losses),” and note 9, “Investment Information—Allowance for Expected Credit Losses,” to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. Equity in Net Income (Loss) of Investments Accounted for Using the Equity Method. We recorded $504 million of equity in net income related to investments accounted for using the equity method for 2025, compared to $580 million for 2024. Investments accounted for using the equity method totaled $6.5 billion at December 31, 2025, compared to $6.0 billion at December 31, 2024. See note 9, “Investment Information—Equity in Net Income (Loss) of Investments Accounted For Using the Equity Method,” to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for additional information. ARCH CAPITAL 80 2025 FORM 10-K Other Income or Losses Other income for 2025 was $54 million, compared to $42 million for 2024. Amounts in both periods primarily reflect changes in the cash surrender value of our investment in corporate-owned life insurance. Corporate Expenses. Corporate expenses were $57 million for 2025, compared to $119 million for 2024. Such expenses primarily represent certain holding company costs necessary to support our worldwide operations and costs associated with operating as a publicly traded company. The 2025 period reflected Bermuda substance-based tax credits enacted in December 2025 with retroactive effect to January 1, 2025. Transaction Costs and Other. Transaction costs and other were $75 million for 2025, compared to $81 million for 2024. The amounts for both the 2025 and 2024 periods primarily reflect direct costs related to the MCE Acquisition and ongoing integration efforts. Amortization of Intangible Assets. Amortization of intangible assets for 2025 was $193 million, compared to $235 million for 2024. Amounts in both 2025 and 2024 primarily related to amortization of finite-lived intangible assets acquired as part of the MCE Acquisition. Interest Expense . Interest expense was $148 million for 2025, compared to $141 million for 2024. Interest expense primarily reflects amounts related to our outstanding senior notes. Net Foreign Exchange Gains or Losses. Net foreign exchange losses for 2025 were $128 million, compared to net foreign exchange gains for 2024 of $75 million. Amounts in such periods were primarily unrealized and resulted from the effects of revaluing our net insurance liabilities required to be settled in foreign currencies at each balance sheet date. Income Tax Expense. Our income tax provision on income before income taxes resulted in an expense of 14.7% for 2025, compared to an expense of 7.7% for 2024. Our effective tax rate fluctuates from year to year consistent with the relative mix of income or loss reported by jurisdiction and the varying tax rates in each jurisdiction. The increase in the 2025 period is primarily attributed to the enactment of the Corporate Income Tax Act 2023 by the Government of Bermuda, which established a 15% corporate income tax effective January 1, 2025. See note 15, “Income Taxes,” to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8. Income (Loss) from Operating Affiliates. We recorded $180 million of net income from our operating affiliates in 2025, compared to $200 million in 2024. Amounts in both periods primarily reflected amounts related to our investments in Somers Group Holdings Ltd. and Coface SA. See note 9, “Investment Information—Investments in Operating Affiliates,” to our consolidated financial statements for additional information. SUMMARY OF CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires us to make many estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities (including reserves), revenues and expenses, and related disclosures of contingent liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related to revenue recognition, insurance and other reserves, reinsurance recoverables, allowance for current expected credit losses, investment valuations, goodwill and intangible assets, bad debts, income taxes, contingencies and litigation. We base our estimates on historical experience, where possible, and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, which form the basis for our judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results will differ from these estimates and such differences may be material. We believe that the following critical accounting policies affect significant estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements. Loss Reserves We are required by applicable insurance laws and regulations and GAAP to establish reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses, or “Loss Reserves”, that arise from the business we underwrite. Loss Reserves for our insurance, reinsurance and mortgage operations are balance sheet liabilities representing estimates of future amounts required to pay losses and loss adjustment expenses for insured or reinsured events which have occurred at or before the balance sheet date. Loss Reserves do not reflect contingency reserve allowances to account for future loss occurrences. Losses arising from future events will be estimated and recognized at the time the losses are incurred and could be substantial. See note 6, “Short Duration Contracts,” to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for additional information on our reserving process. ARCH CAPITAL 81 2025 FORM 10-K At December 31, 2025 and 2024, our Loss Reserves, net of unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses recoverable, by type and by operating segment were as follows: December 31, 2025 2024 Insurance segment: Case reserves $ 3,489 $ 3,730 IBNR reserves 9,251 8,238 Total net reserves 12,740 11,968 Reinsurance segment: Case reserves 2,929 2,721 Additional case reserves 1,034 806 IBNR reserves 7,349 5,580 Total net reserves 11,312 9,107 Mortgage segment: Case reserves 324 331 IBNR reserves 117 142 Total net reserves 441 473 Total: Case reserves 6,742 6,782 Additional case reserves 1,034 806 IBNR reserves 16,717 13,960 Total net reserves $ 24,493 $ 21,548 At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the insurance segment’s Loss Reserves by major line of business, net of unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses recoverable, were as follows: December 31, 2025 2024 Third party occurrence business $ 4,610 $ 4,104 Multi-line and other specialty 4,345 4,105 Third party claims-made business 2,861 2,630 Property, energy, marine and aviation 924 1,129 Total net reserves $ 12,740 $ 11,968 At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the reinsurance segment’s Loss Reserves by major line of business, net of unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses recoverable, were as follows: December 31, 2025 2024 Casualty $ 3,823 $ 3,089 Specialty 3,658 2,791 Property excluding property catastrophe 2,107 1,778 Property catastrophe 953 845 Marine and aviation 582 461 Other 189 143 Total net reserves $ 11,312 $ 9,107 At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the mortgage segment’s Loss Reserves by major line of business, net of unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses recoverable, were as follows: December 31, 2025 2024 U.S. primary mortgage insurance $ 321 $ 333 U.S. credit risk transfer (CRT) and other 64 85 International mortgage insurance/reinsurance 56 55 Total net reserves $ 441 $ 473 Potential Variability in Loss Reserves The following tables summarize the effect of reasonably likely scenarios on the key actuarial assumptions used to estimate our Loss Reserves, net of unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses recoverable, at December 31, 2025 by underwriting segment and reserving lines. See note 6, “Short Duration Contracts,” to our consolidated financial statements in Item 8 for a description of the lines of business included in each reserving line. The scenarios shown in the tables summarize the effect of (i) changes to the expected loss ratio selections used at December 31, 2025, which represent loss ratio point increases or decreases to the expected loss ratios used, and (ii) changes to the loss development patterns used in our reserving process at December 31, 2025, which represent claims reporting that is either slower or faster than the reporting patterns used. We believe that the illustrated sensitivities are indicative of the potential variability inherent in the estimation process of those parameters. The results show the impact of varying each key actuarial assumption using the chosen sensitivity on our Loss Reserves, on a net basis and across all accident years. ARCH CAPITAL 82 2025 FORM 10-K INSURANCE SEGMENT Higher Expected Loss Ratios Slower Loss Development Patterns Reserving lines selected assumptions: Multi-line and other specialty 10 points 6 months Third party occurrence business 10 6 Third party claims-made business 10 6 Property, energy, marine and aviation 5 3 Increase (decrease) in Loss Reserves: Multi-line and other specialty $ 600 $ 370 Third party occurrence business 453 248 Third party claims-made business 244 275 Property, energy, marine and aviation 61 129 INSURANCE SEGMENT Lower Expected Loss Ratios Faster Loss Development Patterns Reserving lines selected assumptions: Multi-line and other specialty (10) points (6) months Third party occurrence business (10) (6) Third party claims-made business (10) (6) Property, energy, marine and aviation (5) (3) Increase (decrease) in Loss Reserves: Multi-line and other specialty $ (581) $ (296) Third party occurrence business (451) (215) Third party claims-made business (244) (216) Property, energy, marine and aviation (54) (108) REINSURANCE SEGMENT Higher Expected Loss Ratios Slower Loss Development Patterns Reserving lines selected assumptions: Casualty 10 points 6 months Specialty 5 3 Property excluding property catastrophe 5 3 Property catastrophe 5 3 Marine and aviation 5 3 Other 5 3 Increase (decrease) in Loss Reserves: Casualty $ 361 $ 378 Specialty 310 232 Property excluding property catastrophe 106 237 Property catastrophe 42 65 Marine and aviation 25 50 Other 11 9 REINSURANCE SEGMENT Lower Expected Loss Ratios Faster Loss Development Patterns Reserving lines selected assumptions: Casualty (10) points (6) months Specialty (5) (3) Property excluding property catastrophe (5) (3) Property catastrophe (5) (3) Marine and aviation (5) (3) Other (5) (3) Increase (decrease) in Loss Reserves: Casualty $ (361) $ (270) Specialty (311) (295) Property excluding property catastrophe (106) (229) Property catastrophe (42) (36) Marine and aviation (25) (53) Other (11) (8) It is not necessarily appropriate to sum the total impact for a specific factor or the total impact for a specific business category as the business categories are not perfectly correlated. In addition, the potential variability shown in the tables above are reasonably likely scenarios of changes in our key assumptions at December 31, 2025 and are not meant to be a “best case” or “worst case” series of outcomes and therefore, it is possible that future variations may be more or less than the amounts set forth above. For our mortgage segment, we considered the sensitivity of loss reserve estimates at December 31, 2025 by assessing the potential changes resulting from a parallel shift in severity and default to claim rate. For example, assuming all other factors remain constant, for every one percentage point change in primary claim severity (which we estimate to be approximately 30% of the unpaid principal balance at December 31, 2025), we estimated that our loss reserves would change by approximately $15 million at December 31, 2025. For every one percentage point change in our primary net default to claim rate (which we estimate to be approximately 22% at December 31, 2025), we estimated a $20 million change in our loss reserves at December 31, 2025. ARCH CAPITAL 83 2025 FORM 10-K Simulation Results In order to illustrate the potential volatility in our Loss Reserves, we used a Monte Carlo simulation approach to simulate a range of results based on various probabilities. Both the probabilities and related modeling are subject to inherent uncertainties. The simulation relies on a significant number of assumptions, such as the potential for multiple entities to react similarly to external events, and includes other statistical assumptions. The simulation results shown for each segment do not add to the total simulation results, as the individual segment simulation results do not reflect the diversification effects across our segments. At December 31, 2025, our recorded Loss Reserves by underwriting segment, net of unpaid losses and loss adjustment expenses recoverable, and the results of the simulation were as follows: Insurance Segment Reinsurance Segment Mortgage Segment Total Loss Reserves (1) $12,740 $11,312 $441 $24,493 Simulation results: 90th percentile (2) $15,138 $13,866 $528 $28,996 10th percentile (3) $10,455 $8,951 $360 $20,236 (1)    Net of reinsurance recoverables. (2)    Simulation results indicate that a 90% probability exists that the net reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses will not exceed the indicated amount. (3)    Simulation results indicate that a 10% probability exists that the net reserves for losses and loss adjustment expenses will be at or below the indicated amount. For informational purposes, based on the total simulation results, a change in our Loss Reserves to the amount indicated at the 90th percentile would result in a decrease in income before income taxes of approximately $4.5 billion, or $11.98 per diluted share, while a change in our Loss Reserves to the amount indicated at the 10th percentile would result in an increase in income before income taxes of approximately $4.3 billion, or $11.32 per diluted share. The simulation results noted above are informational only, and no assurance can be given that our ultimate losses will not be significantly different than the simulation results shown above, and such differences could directly and significantly impact earnings favorably or unfavorably in the period they are determined. We do not have significant exposure to pre-2002 liabilities, such as asbestos-related illnesses and other long-tail liabilities. It is difficult to provide meaningful trend information for certain liability/casualty coverages for which the claim-tail may be especially long, as claims are often reported and ultimately paid or settled years, or even decades, after the related loss events occur. Any estimates and assumptions made as part of the reserving process could prove to be inaccurate due to several factors, including the fact that for certain lines of business relatively limited historical information has been reported to us through December 31, 2025. Accordingly, the reserving for incurred losses in these lines of business could be subject to greater variability. See

