TICKER: ACLX
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain issues, and weather, could prevent or delay the delivery of product candidates to patients. Additionally, we have to maintain a complex chain of identity and chain of custody with respect to patient material as it moves to the manufacturing facility, through the manufacturing processes and back to the patient. Failure to maintain chain of identity and chain of custody could result in patient death, loss of product or regulatory action. 67 Material modifications in the methods of product candidate manufacturing may result in additional costs or delay. As product candidates progress from preclinical studies to late-stage clinical trials to marketing approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods, materials and processes, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize yield, manufacturing batch size, minimize costs and achieve consistent purity, identity, potency, quality and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and could affect planned or other clinical trials conducted with product candidates produced using the modified manufacturing methods, materials, and processes. This could delay completion of clinical trials and could require non-clinical or clinical bridging and comparability studies, which could increase costs, delay approval of our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved. If we or our third-party manufacturers or collaborators use hazardous and biological materials in a manner that causes injury or violates applicable law, we may be liable for damages. Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially hazardous substances, including chemical and biological materials, by our third-party manufacturers. We currently outsource all manufacturing to third parties, but we and our manufacturers are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in the United States governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of medical and hazardous materials. Although we believe that our manufacturers’ procedures for using, handling, storing and disposing of these materials comply with legally prescribed standards, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from medical or hazardous materials. As a result of any such contamination or injury, we may incur liability or local, city, state or federal authorities may curtail the use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines, and the liability could exceed our resources. We do not currently have any insurance for liabilities arising from medical or hazardous materials. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and production efforts, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. The process for treating patients using T cell therapy is subject to human and systemic risks. The “vein-to-vein” cycle for treating patients using T-cell therapy typically takes approximately four to six weeks and involves a large number of steps and human participants. First, the patient’s lymphocytes are isolated by apheresis at the clinical site and shipped to the manufacturing site. Under cGMP conditions at the manufacturing site, the patient’s lymphocytes are washed and then enriched for CD3-positive T-cells using specialized reagents. After overnight culture and T-cell activation, the T-cells are transduced using lentiviral vector transduction technology to introduce the CAR and ARC genetic construct into the enriched T cell population. At the completion of T cell transduction, the T-cells are expanded for several days, harvested, formulated into the final drug product and then cryopreserved for delivery to patients. In the United States, samples of the final product are subjected to several release tests which must fulfill specified criteria for the drug product to be released for infusion. These include sterility, identity, purity, potency and other tests. We are subject to stringent regulatory and quality standards in the course of a T cell therapy treatment process, and we cannot assure you that our quality control and assurance efforts will be successful or that the risk of human or systemic errors in these processes can be eliminated. Given the complexities of the manufacturing process and administration of our product candidates, including the need for clinical sites or facilities with the resources and the technology to perform apheresis, the success of our product candidates, if approved, is dependent on factors that impact patient access to facilities that offer apheresis, additional costs to patients and healthcare systems associated with apheresis, and hospital infrastructure and bottlenecks, among others. The availability of apheresis can be a limiting factor for accessing our product candidates, if approved, which can have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, as discussed above, FDA has announced that it was investigating the risk of secondary cancers for approved BCMA-directed and CD19-directed genetically modified autologous CAR-T cell immunotherapies as a class, and advised that patients and clinical trial participants receiving treatment in this class of products should be monitored life-long for new malignancies. Such safety concerns could have a material adverse effect on our business. Prior treatments can alter the cancer and negatively impact chances for achieving clinical activity with our product candidates. Patients with hematological cancers typically receive highly toxic chemotherapy as their initial treatments that can impact the viability of the T-cells collected from the patient and may contribute to highly variable responses to CAR-T cell therapies. Patients could also have received prior therapies that target the same target antigen on the cancer cells as our intended product candidate and thereby these patients may have cancer cells with low or no expression of the target antigen. As a result, our product candidates may not recognize the cancer cell and may fail to achieve clinical activity. 68 We may not be able to file additional INDs to commence additional clinical trials on the timelines we expect, and even if we are able to, the FDA may not permit us to proceed. We expect to submit additional INDs for our current and future product candidates. However, our timing for submitting these INDs is dependent on the results of further research. Additionally, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing further clinical trials to begin, or that, once clinical trials have begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such clinical trials. Additionally, even if the FDA agrees with the design and implementation of the clinical trials set forth in an IND, we cannot guarantee that the FDA will not change its requirements in the future. These risks also apply to other clinical trials we may seek to commence under other INDs or amendments to existing INDs. The market opportunities for certain of our product candidates may be limited due to a number of factors including, but not limited to, patient availability, competition, reimbursement coverage and access, system capacity or execution challenges. Consequently, markets may be small, and our projections regarding the size of the addressable market may be incorrect. We are initially developing anito-cel as a last line therapy for patients with rrMM with plans to pursue label expansion into earlier lines of therapy and other indications outside of oncology, including certain autoimmune disorders. For example, we received FDA clearance of an IND application in 2024 to evaluate anito-cel for the treatment of generalized Myasthenia Gravis. However, there is no guarantee that it, or any of our product candidates, even if approved, would be approved for earlier lines of therapy and any approved products may end up having a smaller market opportunity than we anticipated. Additionally, our projections of both the number of people who have the diseases we are targeting, as well as the size of the subset patient population who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, the preferences of and likelihood of prescriptions by healthcare professionals, expected patient access to the therapies (including available and on-boarded treatment centers, manufacturing capacity and available doses), expected pricing and market share, and the potential to expand the market, are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations, or market research and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for our product candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates. As a result, the number of patients may turn out to be fewer than expected. We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. Because we have limited financial and operational resources, we must prioritize our research programs and will need to focus our discovery and development on select product candidates and indications. Correctly prioritizing our research and development activities is particularly important for us due to the breadth of potential product candidates and indications that we intend to utilize with our clinical development strategy. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. As an example, although we believe that targeting BCMA initially before targeting other antigens will help us validate our platforms more easily, the risks associated with MM patients and the competition in cell therapies targeting BCMA, among others, could outweigh the benefits. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may also relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our competitors may be able to develop other products or drugs that are able to achieve similar or better results or make it difficult for us to develop our product candidates on a timely basis by limiting our access to patients, clinical trial sites, manufacturers and other resources. Our competitors include large and specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies, academic research institutions and governmental agencies, and public and private research institutions. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of our product candidates are safety, efficacy, ensuring consistent quality and purity of the product candidates, delivery, price and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. We anticipate substantial direct competition from other organizations developing advanced CAR-T or other types of genetically modified cell therapies due to their promising clinical therapeutic effect in clinical trials, including, among others,  AbbVie, Allogene, Amgen, AstraZeneca, Autolus, Bristol Myers Squibb, Cabaletta, Caribou Biosciences, CARsgen, Cartesian, Cellectis, Cellular Biomedicine Group, Celyad, Crispr, Gilead, GSK, Immix, Innovent, Johnson & Johnson, Kelonia, Kyverna, Legend, Nanjing IASO 69 Biotherapeutics Ltd., Novartis, Pfizer, Precision BioSciences, Pregene, Regeneron, and Roche. In addition, we expect to also compete with companies developing: • T-cells with CARs that are reactive to tumor associated antigens; • T-cells with T-cell receptors (TCRs) that are reactive to tumor associated antigens; • T-cells with adapter platforms; • Bispecifics, trispecifics, and other multispecifics that bring T-cells and diseased cells into close proximity with each other; • Other immune cells that can be targeted using antibodies; • Natural killer (NK)-based cell therapies; • In vivo CAR-T therapeutics; and • Allogeneic cell therapies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development staff, greater access to clinical sites and patients, experienced regulatory, marketing and manufacturing teams and well-established sales forces. In addition, many of these competitors are active in seeking patent protection and licensing arrangements in anticipation of collecting royalties for use of technology that they have developed. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors, either alone or with collaborative partners, may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis drug or biologic products that are more effective, safer, more easily commercialized or less costly than our product candidates or may develop proprietary technologies or secure patent protection that we may need for the development of our technologies and products. Even if we obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, the availability and price of our competitors’ products could limit the demand and the price we are able to charge for our product candidates. We may not be able to implement our business plan if the acceptance of our product candidates is inhibited by price competition or the reluctance of physicians to switch from existing methods of treatment to our product candidates, or if physicians switch to other new drug or biologic products or choose to reserve our product candidates for use in limited circumstances. Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Product Candidates Even if we obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, the products may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers and others in the medical community. If any of our product candidates receive marketing approval, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors and others in the medical community. For example, existing cell therapies are currently offered only in tertiary academic hospitals that have intensive care units that can support the safety and toxicity issues associated with cell therapies. If we are unable to demonstrate sufficient safety to permit a broader use of our product candidates, we may not generate significant product revenue and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: • The clinical indications for which our product candidates are approved; • The willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; • Physicians, hospitals, cancer treatment centers and patients considering our product candidates as a safe, pure and effective treatment; • The potential and perceived advantages of our product candidates over alternative treatments; • Our ability to demonstrate the advantages of our product candidates over other conventional CAR-T therapies; • The perceived prevalence and severity of any side effects for our product candidates compared to the prevalence and severity of any side effects for conventional CAR-T products and other cell therapies; 70 • Product labeling, limitations, warnings or product insert requirements of the FDA or foreign health authorities, including FDA’s requirement for manufacturers of approved CAR-T therapies to include boxed warning regarding T cell malignancies; • The timing of market introduction of our product candidates as well as competitive products; • The cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments; • Factors that impact access to apheresis, including but not limited to availability of facilities that offer apheresis, additional costs associated with apheresis and administration of CAR-T therapies, and other hospital infrastructure and bottlenecks; • The availability of adequate coverage, reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and government authorities; • The willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of coverage by third-party payors and government authorities; • Relative convenience and ease of administration, including as compared to alternative treatments and competitive therapies; and • The effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts. If our product candidates are approved but fail to achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers or others in the medical community, we will not be able to generate significant revenue. Even if our products achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received than our products, are more cost effective or render our products obsolete. We may face difficulties from changes to current regulations and future legislation. Current and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to commercialize our drugs, if approved, and affect the prices we may obtain, including changes in coverage and reimbursement policies in certain market segments for our product candidates, which could make it difficult for us to sell our product candidates, if approved, profitably. Existing regulatory policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. In both domestic and foreign markets, successful sales of our product candidates, if approved, will depend on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors. In addition, because our product candidates represent novel approaches to the treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases, we cannot accurately estimate the potential revenue from our product candidates. Patients who receive medical treatment for their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Adequate coverage and reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs and treatments they will cover and the amount of reimbursement. Reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the third-party payor’s determination that use of a product is: • A covered benefit under its health plan; • Medically necessary and has acceptable risk-benefit ratio; • Appropriate for the specific patient; • Cost-effective; and • Neither experimental nor investigational. Obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to the payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our products. Even if we obtain coverage for a given product, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Due to the high 71 costs associated with cell therapies, patients are unlikely to use our product candidates unless coverage is provided or reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our product candidates. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our product candidates to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. We intend to seek approval to market our product candidates in both the United States and in selected foreign jurisdictions. If we obtain approval in one or more foreign jurisdictions for our product candidates, we will be subject to rules and regulations in those jurisdictions. In some foreign countries, particularly those in the European Union, the pricing of biologics is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after obtaining marketing approval of a product candidate. In addition, market acceptance and sales of our product candidates will depend significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for our product candidates and may be affected by existing and future healthcare reform measures. The ACA made extensive changes to the delivery of health care in the United States. We expect that the rebates, discounts, taxes and other costs resulting from the ACA over time will have a negative effect on our expenses and profitability in the future. The ACA contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products through increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies’ share of sales to federal health care programs. For example, the ACA made several changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, including increasing pharmaceutical manufacturers’ rebate liability by increasing the minimum basic Medicaid rebate on most branded prescription drugs. Additionally, for a drug product to receive federal reimbursement under the Medicaid or Medicare Part B programs or to be sold directly to U.S. government agencies, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities eligible to participate in the 340B drug pricing program. Since the enactment of the ACA, there have been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. In June 2021, the United States Supreme Court held that Texas and other challengers had no legal standing to challenge the ACA, dismissing the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Accordingly, the ACA remains in effect in its current form. It is unclear how this Supreme Court decision, future litigation, or healthcare measures promulgated by the current presidential administration will impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Complying with any new legislation or changes in healthcare regulation could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in material adverse effect on our business. Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. For example, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, included reductions to CMS payments to providers of 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect in 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2032, with the exception of a temporary suspension implemented under various COVID-19 relief legislation. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (the ATRA), which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover over payments to providers from three to five years. Legislators, regulators and third-party payers may continue to put forth proposals to reduce costs while expanding individual healthcare benefits, including proposals that impose additional limitations on the rates we will be able to charge for our product candidates, if approved, or the amount of reimbursement available for such approved products from governmental agencies or third-party payers. Current and future healthcare reform legislation and policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We cannot predict what other health care programs and regulations will ultimately be implemented at the federal or state level or the effect of any future legislation or regulation in the United States may have on our business. There has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over the manner in which drug manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. For example, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 provided that Medicaid statutory rebates will no longer be capped at 100% of average manufacturer price. Elimination of this cap may require pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay more in rebates than it receives on the sale of products, which could have a material impact on our business. Further, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, “Promoting Competition in the American Economy,” with multiple provisions aimed at increasing competition for prescription drugs. In response to this executive order, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. In August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes prescription drug provisions that 72 have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. Only high-expenditure single-source drugs that have been approved for at least 7 years (11 years for single-source biologics) can qualify for negotiation, with the negotiated price taking effect two years after the selection year. For 2026, the first year in which negotiated prices become effective, CMS selected 10 high-cost Medicare Part D drugs in 2023, negotiations began in 2024, and the negotiated maximum fair price for each drug has been announced. CMS has selected 15 additional Medicare Part D drugs for negotiated maximum fair pricing in 2027. For 2028, up to an additional 15 drugs, which may be covered under either Medicare Part B or Part D, will be selected, and for 2029 and subsequent years, up to 20 additional Part B or Part D drugs will be selected. HHS has and will continue to issue and update guidance as these programs are implemented, although the Medicare drug price negotiation program is currently subject to legal challenges. Various industry stakeholders, including pharmaceutical companies and the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, have initiated lawsuits against the federal government asserting that the price negotiation provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act are unconstitutional. Further, the current administration has issued executive orders focused on decreasing prescription drug prices, including directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a mechanism through which American patients can buy drugs directly from manufacturers who sell at a most-favored-nation price and directing the U.S. Trade Representative and Secretary of Commerce to take action to ensure foreign countries are not engaged in practices that purposefully and unfairly undercut market prices and drive price hikes in the United States. The One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), which was signed into law in July 2025, includes provisions that will impact the U.S. healthcare system in various ways, including by cuts to Medicaid and introducing new participant work and eligibility requirements for Medicaid coverage, which are expected to significantly change the administration and applicability of Medicaid coverage. In November 2025, CMS announced a voluntary initiative called the GENEROUS Model (GENErating cost Reductions Or U.S. Medicaid Model) to introduce the option of most-favored-nation pricing to the Medicaid program, whereby a drug manufacturer may voluntarily offer supplemental rebates to participating state Medicaid programs for a manufacturer’s covered outpatient drugs. Government agreements with pharmaceutical companies and other government measures that use most-favored-nation pricing targets for prescription drugs, including the use of international pricing reference to set drug prices in the United States, or that increase generic and biosimilar drug entry sooner than expected can have a material adverse effect on our industry, ability to set adequate pricing for new drugs to recover research and development costs, ability to attract potential investors and potential buyers in the future. We cannot predict the full impact of the executive orders focused on reducing prescription drug prices or increasing domestic drug manufacturing capacity, or other measures that may be implemented by the current administration related to drug pricing, drug supply chain and manufacturing in the United States. The impact of ongoing and future judicial challenges, as well as future legislative, executive, and administrative actions and agency rules implemented by the current presidential administration on us and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole is unclear. The implementation of cost containment measures, including the prescription drug provisions under the Inflation Reduction Act, as well as other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates if approved. Complying with any new legislation and regulatory changes could be time- intensive and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. At the state level, individual states are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures. For example, a number of states are considering or have recently enacted state drug price transparency and reporting laws that could substantially increase our compliance burdens and expose us to greater liability under such state laws once we begin commercialization after obtaining regulatory approval for any of our products. These measures could reduce the demand for our products, if approved, or impose additional pricing pressures on how much we can charge for our products if approved. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA’s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-approval testing and other requirements. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or in other jurisdictions. If we or our collaborators are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or our collaborators are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our product candidates may lose any marketing approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business. 73 We currently have a limited sales and marketing organization and limited experience in marketing cell therapy products. If we are unable to establish adequate marketing and sales capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, if approved, we may not be able to generate product revenue. We currently have no sales or distribution capabilities and have limited marketing capabilities and limited experience in marketing cell therapy products. If any of our product candidates ultimately obtains regulatory approval, we, whether alone or with Kite for programs that we commercialize together, may not be able to effectively or successfully market the approved product. For any approved product for which we share co-commercialization and co-promotion responsibilities, we may experience challenges, costs or other issues in having to work together with our collaborators. Our inability to work together to successfully market and sell any such products could have a material adverse effect on our business and overall financial condition. For any approved product for which we retain sales and marketing responsibilities, we must either develop a sales and marketing organization, which would be expensive and time consuming, or outsource these functions to other third parties. In the future, we may choose to build a focused sales and marketing infrastructure to sell, or participate in sales activities with our collaborators for some of our product candidates if and when they are approved. There are risks involved with both establishing our own sales and marketing capabilities and relying on arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example, recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel. By relying on third parties for such activities, we may have little or no control over the marketing and sales efforts conducted on our behalf and our revenue from product sales may be lower than if we had commercialized our product candidates in-house. We also face competition in our search for third parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts of our product candidates and may have difficulties maintaining the relationships already established. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop adequate in-house sales and distribution capabilities or establish or maintain successful relationships with third-party collaborators to commercialize any product in the United States or abroad. Failure to comply with health and data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. We may be subject to or affected by laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and security. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including federal and state health information privacy laws, state data breach notification laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws, such as Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer and protection of health information and other personal information and could apply to our operations. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties, including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data, that are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and its implementing rules and regulations. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain, use, or disclose individually identifiable health information maintained by a HIPAA-covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA. In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect in January 2020 and became enforceable in July 2020. The CCPA created new individual privacy rights for California consumers (as the word is broadly defined in the law) and placed increased privacy and security obligations on many organizations that handle personal information of consumers or households. The CCPA requires covered companies to provide disclosures to consumers about such companies’ data collection, use and sharing practices, and to provide such consumers a right to opt-out of certain sales or transfers of personal information, and provides consumers with a new cause of action for certain data breaches. California voters voted to approve the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) in November 2020, which modified the CCPA significantly, with most modifications effective as of January 1, 2023. Additionally, numerous other states have proposed or enacted laws addressing privacy and security, including several laws imposing obligations similar to those of the CCPA, as well as laws addressing specific subject matter such as Washington’s My Health, My Data Act. For example, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, Connecticut,  Florida, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Delaware, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Tennessee, Indiana, Kentucky, and Rhode Island have all enacted similar legislation. The U.S. federal government also has proposed general privacy legislation, and the U.S. Department of Justice has issued regulations restricting certain bulk sensitive personal information transfers. The CCPA and other new and evolving legislation may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. 74 Compliance with laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and security could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, increase our costs of legal compliance, restrict our ability to collect, use, transfer and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in government investigations and/or enforcement actions (which could include civil, criminal, and administrative penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Moreover, clinical trial subjects about whom we or our potential collaborators obtain information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability to use, transfer and disclose the information. Claims that we have violated individuals’ privacy rights, failed to comply with laws relating to privacy or data protection, or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. A variety of risks associated with seeking regulatory approval for and marketing our product candidates internationally could materially adversely affect our business. We plan to seek regulatory approval of our product candidates outside of the United States and, accordingly, we expect that we will be subject to additional risks related to operating in foreign countries if we obtain the necessary approvals, including: • Differing regulatory requirements in foreign countries, including constraints on manufacturing; • Additional trials in foreign countries; • Requirement to secure and validate region-specific manufacturing and clinical and commercial supply; • Unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers, price and exchange controls and other regulatory requirements; • Economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; • Compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; • Foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; • Foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; • Difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; • Workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; • Potential liability under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or comparable foreign regulations; • Challenges enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States; • Production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and • Business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war (including ongoing geopolitical tensions related to the Russia and Ukraine conflict, resulting sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries and retaliatory actions taken by Russia in response to such sanctions, and the war in the Middle East), armed conflict, terrorist activities, global pandemics and terrorism. These and other risks associated with our international operations, including relating to privacy, data protection and security, may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or maintain profitable operations. The European Union system for authorization of medicinal products for human use offers several routes: the centralized procedure, the decentralized procedure, and the mutual recognition procedure, as well as domestic national routes. The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization that is valid for all European Union Member States as well as the European Economic Area (EEA) countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. The centralized procedure is mandatory for certain categories of investigational products, including human products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases, including cancer, AIDS, diabetes and neurodegenerative illness; orphan medicinal products; and medicinal products manufactured using biotechnological processes. Applications for marketing authorization for such medicines must be submitted to the European Medicines Agency (EMA), in which the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) is generally responsible for conducting the initial assessment of a product. The decentralized and mutual recognition procedures are applicable to the majority of conventional medicinal products and are both based on the principle of recognition of a marketing authorization by one or more Member States. Any national marketing authorization granted by a European Union Member State’s national authority can be used to support an application for its mutual 75 recognition by other Member States. Marketing authorization applications can also be submitted directly to the Member State’s national competent authority under the national route (if the centralized route is not compulsory). Following Brexit, there are now multiple routes to obtain a marketing authorization in the United Kingdom, Great Britain or Northern Ireland, including national routes and international routes. The application procedure will depend on the relevant procedure chosen. Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain, any marketing approvals, as a result of Brexit or otherwise, may force us to restrict or delay efforts to seek regulatory approval in the United Kingdom for our product candidates, which could significantly and materially harm our business. Further, even after obtaining market authorization, differences in GMP, pharmacovigilance, and other regulatory requirements in different jurisdictions can increase our compliance costs and exposure to potential liability. Inadequate funding and other disruptions for the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels and the ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA’s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other foreign, federal, state, or local regulatory agencies, such as furloughs or government shutdowns, restrictions due to public health concerns such as the COVID-19 pandemic, travel restrictions, or staffing shortages, may also increase the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. Future shutdowns or other disruptions could also affect other government agencies such as the SEC, which may also impact our business by delaying review of our public filings, to the extent such review is necessary, and our ability to access the public markets. Our business activities may be subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, as well as U.S. and certain foreign export controls, trade sanctions, and import laws and regulations, all of which can subject us to criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations. Our business activities may be subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA), and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which we operate. These laws generally prohibit companies and their employees and third-party business partners, representatives and agents from engaging in corruption and bribery, including offering, promising, giving or authorizing the provision of anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a government official or commercial party in order to influence official action, direct business to any person, gain any improper advantage, or obtain or retain business. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with government officials, including potentially officials of non-U.S. governments. Additionally, in many countries, healthcare providers are employed by the government, and the purchasers of biopharmaceuticals are government entities. As a result, our dealings with these providers and purchasers are subject to regulation and such healthcare providers and employees of such purchasers may be considered “foreign officials” as defined in the FCPA. Recently, the SEC and the DOJ have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to biotechnology companies. In addition to our own employees, we may in the future leverage third parties to conduct our business abroad, such as obtaining government licenses and approvals. We and our third-party business partners, representatives and agents may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies, state-owned or affiliated entities and we may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, our third-party business partners, representatives and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. There is no certainty that our employees or the employees of our third-party business partners, representatives and agents will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, debarment from U.S. government contracts, substantial diversion of management’s attention, significant legal fees and fines, severe criminal or civil sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries and could materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, and our business, prospects, operating results, financial condition and stock price. Furthermore, our products may be subject to U.S. and foreign export controls, trade sanctions and import laws and regulations. Governmental regulation of the import or export of our products, or our failure to obtain any required import or export authorization 76 for our products, when applicable, could harm our business. Moreover, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the provision of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. U.S. sanctions that have been or may be imposed as a result of military conflicts in other countries may impact our ability to conduct activities at clinical trial sites within regions covered by such sanctions. For example, as a result of the Russia and Ukraine conflict, the United States and its European allies have imposed sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia and the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk in Ukraine, as well as enhanced export controls on certain products and industries. These and any additional sanctions and export controls, as well as any economic countermeasures by the governments of Russia or other jurisdictions, could adversely impact our ability to continue activities at clinical trial sites within regions covered by such sanctions or directly or indirectly disrupt our supply chain. If we fail to comply with export and import regulations and such economic sanctions, penalties could be imposed, including fines and/or denial of certain export privileges. Risks Related to Government Regulation We may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. The denial or delay of any such approval would delay commercialization and have a material adverse effect on our potential to generate revenue, our business and our results of operations. The research, development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, approval, promotion, advertising, storage, record keeping, marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and export and import of drug products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, and by foreign health authorities in other countries. These regulations differ from country to country. In the United States, we are not permitted to market our product candidates until we receive regulatory approval from the FDA. The process of obtaining regulatory approval is expensive, often takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved, as well as the target indications and patient population. Despite the time and expense invested in clinical development of product candidates, regulatory approval is never guaranteed. To gain approval to market our product candidates, we must provide clinical data that adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product for the intended indication. We have not yet obtained regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates in the United States or any other country. Our business depends upon obtaining these regulatory approvals. The FDA can delay, limit or deny approval of our product candidates for many reasons, including: • Our inability to satisfactorily demonstrate that the product candidates have acceptable safety and efficacy profiles for the requested indication; • The FDA’s disagreement with our trial designs or the interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; • The population studied in the clinical trial may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assess safety in the full population for which we seek approval; • Our inability to demonstrate that clinical or other benefits of our product candidates outweigh any safety or other perceived risks; • The FDA’s determination that additional preclinical or clinical trials are required; • The FDA’s non-approval of the formulation, labeling or the specifications of our product candidates; • The FDA’s failure to accept the manufacturing processes, drug product characteristics or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract; or • The potential for approval policies or regulations of the FDA to significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. Even if we eventually complete clinical testing and receive approval of any regulatory filing for our product candidates, the FDA may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly additional post-approval clinical trials. The FDA may also approve our product candidates for a more limited indication or a narrower patient population than we originally requested, and the FDA may not approve the labeling that we believe is necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates. If FDA requires us to narrow our indications to smaller patient subsets, our market opportunities for our product candidates, if approved, and our ability to generate revenues may be materially limited. To the extent we seek regulatory approval in foreign countries, we may face challenges similar to those described above with regulatory authorities in applicable jurisdictions. Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approval for any of our product candidates would delay or prevent commercialization of our product candidates and would materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and prospects. 77 The FDA regulatory approval process is lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and we may experience significant delays in the clinical development and regulatory approval of our product candidates or be unable to generate product revenue. We have not previously submitted a BLA to the FDA or similar marketing applications to foreign health authorities. A BLA must include extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to establish the product candidate’s safety, purity and efficacy for each desired indication. The BLA must also include significant information regarding the manufacturing controls for the product. The novel nature of our product candidates may introduce uncertain, complex, expensive and lengthy challenges that could impact regulatory approval. Even if we eventually complete clinical testing and receive approval of any regulatory filing for our product candidates, the FDA or foreign health authorities may approve our product candidates for a more limited indication or a narrower patient population than we originally requested. We may also experience delays in completing planned clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including delays related to: • The availability of financial resources to commence and complete the planned trials; • Reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; • Obtaining approval at each clinical trial site by an IRB or ethics committee; • Recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial; • Enrolling and retaining sufficient number of patients to complete a trial, including post-treatment follow-ups; • Clinical trial sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; • Adding new clinical trial sites; or • Manufacturing sufficient quantities of qualified materials under cGMPs and applying them on a subject by subject basis for use in clinical trials. We could also experience delays in physicians enrolling patients in clinical trials of our product candidates in lieu of prescribing existing treatments or other clinical trials. Furthermore, a clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us, the IRBs for the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, the Data Monitoring Committee for such trial, or by the FDA or foreign health authorities due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or foreign health authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product candidate, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. If we experience termination of, or delays in the completion of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects for our product candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. Although the FDA has issued and lifted one partial clinical hold, there is no assurance that the FDA will not issue another clinical hold in the future. To the extent FDA issues another clinical hold, addressing a clinical hold takes considerable time and expense and there can be no assurance that the FDA will remove a clinical hold in a timely manner, or at all, in which case our business and prospects for development and approval of anito-cel would be materially harmed. Securing regulatory approval also requires the submission of information about the manufacturing processes and inspection of manufacturing facilities by the relevant regulatory authority. The FDA or foreign health authorities may fail to approve our manufacturing processes or facilities, whether run by us or our CMOs. In addition, if we make manufacturing changes to our product candidates in the future, we may need to conduct additional preclinical and/or clinical studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. Many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. Applications for our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including but not limited to the following: • The FDA or foreign health authorities may disagree with the design, implementation or data analyses of our clinical trials; 78 • The FDA or foreign health authorities may determine that our product candidate(s) do not have adequate risk-benefit ratio or have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use; • The population studied in the clinical program may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure efficacy and safety in the full population for which we seek approval; • The FDA or foreign health authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; • The data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of a BLA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; • The FDA or foreign health authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes, test procedures and specifications or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and • The approval policies or regulations of the FDA or foreign health authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. Further, under the new leadership at the HHS under the current administration, agency reorganization, departures and retirement of high-profile regulators at the FDA, layoffs or reduction in force (RIF) initiatives may impact the normal operations at the FDA as well as other federal agencies. In January 2025, the current administration issued an executive order entitled “Unleashing Prosperity Through Deregulation”, which calls for at least 10 existing regulations to be repealed whenever an executive department or agency publicly proposes for notice and comment or otherwise promulgates a new regulation. Government shutdown, staff departures at the FDA, lapses in government appropriations, and changes in the staffing and resourcing levels at the FDA may impact the FDA’s ability to meet current review, approval, and inspection schedules, which could impact our ongoing correspondence with the FDA, including regarding progression to the next phase of development and could delay our anticipated timelines, which in turn can increase the cost of clinical development for our product candidates. These and other policies may lead to fewer agency guidance documents, which could result in changes to FDA programs or possible delays or refusals to approve products. Further, FDA’s “real-time” release of newly issued Complete Response Letters associated with withdrawn or abandoned applications, if applicable to any of our product candidates, can materially impact our competitive advantage and intellectual property. It is unclear how our industry and our clinical programs will be impacted by policies and regulations implemented under the current administration and the leadership at the FDA, or other executive orders. There is significant uncertainty in the industry and how federal agencies like the FDA will change in the coming years under the current administration. We have or may pursue Fast Track, orphan drug, and/or RMAT designations from the FDA for one or more of our product candidates. Even if one or more of our product candidates receive Fast Track, orphan drug, and/or RMAT designations, we may be unable to obtain and maintain the benefits associated with such designations. These designations may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and will not increase the likelihood that such product candidates will receive marketing approval. We have or may pursue Fast Track, orphan drug, and Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy (RMAT) designations from the FDA for one or more of our product candidates, such as those which have been granted for anito-cel and ACLX-002. Fast Track designation is designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of therapies for serious conditions with an unmet medical need. Programs with Fast Track designation may benefit from early and frequent communications with the FDA, potential priority review and the ability to submit a rolling application for regulatory review. Fast Track designation applies to both the product candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. However, if we do not continue to meet the criteria of the Fast Track designation, or if our clinical trials are delayed, suspended or terminated, or put on clinical hold due to unexpected adverse events or issues with clinical supply, we will not receive the benefits associated with the Fast Track program. Furthermore, Fast Track designation does not change the standards for approval. Fast Track designation alone does not guarantee qualification for the FDA’s priority review procedures. Fast track designation also does not guarantee our product candidate will be approved in a timely manner, if at all. Although the FDA has previously issued and lifted one partial clinical hold, there is no assurance the FDA will not issue another clinical hold in the future. Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and Europe, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States. In the European Union, the prevalence of the condition must not be more than 5 in 10,000. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. If a product that has orphan drug designation from the FDA subsequently receives the first FDA approval for a particular active ingredient for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan 79 product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a BLA, to market the same biologic for the same indication, for seven years, except in limited circumstances such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan product exclusivity or if FDA finds that the holder of the orphan exclusivity has not shown that it can ensure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan product to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the product was designated. Even if we or our collaborators obtain orphan designation to a product candidate, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for any particular orphan indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products. The scope of exclusivity is limited to the scope of any approved indication, even if the scope of the orphan designation is broader than the approved indication. Additionally, exclusive marketing rights may be limited if we or our collaborators seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan designated indication and may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Further, even if a product obtains orphan drug exclusivity, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties can be approved for the same condition.. If we or our collaborators do not receive or maintain orphan drug designation to product candidates for which we seek such designation, it could limit our ability to realize revenues from such product candidates. In view of the court decision in Catalyst Pharms., Inc. v. Becerra , 14 F.4th 1299 (11th Cir. 2021), in January 2023, the FDA published a notice in the Federal Register to clarify that while the agency complies with the court’s order in Catalyst , FDA intends to continue to apply its longstanding interpretation of the regulations to matters outside of the scope of the Catalyst order - that is, the agency will continue tying the scope of orphan-drug exclusivity to the uses or indications for which a drug is approved, which permits other sponsors to obtain approval of a drug for new uses or indications within the same orphan designated disease or condition that have not yet been approved. The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2026, signed into law in February 2026, codified this longstanding FDA interpretation of the Orphan Drug Act, allowing the FDA to approve multiple versions of the same orphan drug for different subindications and subpopulations. Changes in the leadership of the FDA and other federal agencies under the current administration can result in changes in the funding, operations, and policies of the FDA and other federal agencies, which may impact our clinical development plans and timelines. A company may request RMAT designation of its product candidate, which designation may be granted if the product meets the following criteria: (1) it is a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering product, human cell and tissue product, or any combination product using such therapies or products, with limited exceptions; (2) it is intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and (3) preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such a disease or condition. RMAT designation provides potential benefits that include more frequent meetings with FDA to discuss the development plan for the product candidate, and potential eligibility for rolling review and priority review. Products granted RMAT designation may also be eligible for accelerated approval on the basis of a surrogate or intermediate endpoint reasonably likely to predict long-term clinical benefit, or reliance upon data obtained from a meaningful number of sites, including through expansion to additional sites post-approval, if appropriate. RMAT-designated products that receive accelerated approval may, as appropriate, fulfill their post- approval requirements through the submission of clinical evidence, clinical trials, patient registries, or other sources of real world evidence (such as electronic health records); through the collection of larger confirmatory data sets; or via post-approval monitoring of all patients treated with such therapy prior to approval of the therapy. RMAT designation does not change the standards for product approval, and there is no assurance that any such designation or eligibility will result in expedited review or approval or that the approved indication will not be narrower than the indication covered by the RMAT designation. Additionally, RMAT designation can be revoked if the criteria for eligibility cease to be met as clinical data emerges. On December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, including the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act (FDORA), was signed into law. FDORA made several changes to the FDA’s authorities and its regulatory framework, including, among other changes, reforms to the accelerated approval pathway, such as requiring the FDA to specify conditions for post-approval study requirements and setting forth procedures for the FDA to withdraw a product on an expedited basis for non-compliance with post-approval requirements. In March 2023, FDA issued a draft guidance on clinical trial considerations for supporting accelerated approval of oncology therapeutics, noting that although single-arm trials have been commonly used to support accelerated approval, a randomized controlled trial is the preferred approach for more robust efficacy and safety assessment. To the extent FDA requires us to amend the design of our clinical trials or requires additional trials to meet changes in the data requirements for approval, our clinical timelines and approval will be delayed, which can have an adverse effect on our business and operations. We may pursue Breakthrough Therapy designation for one or more of our product candidates in the future. Even if granted by the FDA, such designation may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and it does not increase the likelihood that the product candidate will receive marketing approval. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For drugs that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number 80 of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Drugs designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA are also eligible for priority review if supported by clinical data at the time of the submission of the BLA. Although Breakthrough Designation or access to any other expedited program may expedite the development or approval process, it does not change the standards for approval. We may not experience faster development timelines or achieve faster review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. For example, the time required to identify and resolve issues relating to manufacturing and controls, the acquisition of a sufficient supply of our product for clinical trial purposes or the need to conduct additional nonclinical or clinical trials may delay approval by the FDA, even if the product qualifies for breakthrough designation or access to any other expedited program. Access to an expedited program may also be withdrawn by the FDA if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. Additionally, qualification for any expedited review procedure does not ensure that we will ultimately obtain regulatory approval for such product candidate. If approved, our investigational products regulated as biologics may face competition from biosimilars approved through an abbreviated regulatory pathway. The ACA includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (BPCIA), which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biologic products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biologic product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor’s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity, and potency of the other company’s product. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning are subject to uncertainty. We believe that any of our product candidates approved as a biologic product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our investigational medicines to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for generic competition sooner than anticipated. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the subject of recent litigation. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once licensed, will be substituted for any one of our reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biologic products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. If competitors are able to obtain regulatory approval for biosimilars referencing our products, our products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, with the attendant competitive pressure and consequences. Even if we receive regulatory approval of our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates. Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates will require surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The FDA may also require REMS as a condition of approving our product candidates, which could include requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or foreign health authorities approve our product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export and record keeping for our product candidates will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMPs and GCPs for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our product candidates, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: • Restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our product candidates, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; • Fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; • Refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals; • Withdrawal of the drug from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; • Adverse publicity, fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 81 • Product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our product candidates; and • Injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. The FDA’s and other regulatory authorities’ policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. The FDA strictly regulates manufacturers’ promotional claims of drug products. In particular, a drug product may not be promoted by manufacturers for uses that are not approved by the FDA, as reflected in the FDA-approved labeling, although healthcare professionals are permitted to use drug products for off-label uses. The FDA, the DOJ, the Inspector General of the Department of HHS, among other government agencies, actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting manufacturers’ promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including large civil and criminal fines, penalties, and enforcement actions. The FDA has also imposed consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed for companies that engaged in such prohibited activities. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of our approved product candidates, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. Failure to obtain regulatory approval in foreign jurisdictions would prevent our product candidates from being marketed abroad. In addition to regulations in the United States, to market and sell our products in the European Union, many Asian countries and other jurisdictions, we must obtain separate regulatory approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements, both from a clinical and manufacturing perspective. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory or payor authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory or payor authority outside the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. However, a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. A product candidate that has been approved for sale in a particular country may not receive reimbursement approval in that country. We may not be able to obtain approvals from regulatory authorities or payor authorities outside the United States on a timely basis, if at all. We may also submit marketing applications in other countries, such as countries in Europe or Asia. We may not be able to file for regulatory approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our products in any jurisdiction. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States have requirements for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale in any jurisdiction, including international markets, and we do not have experience in obtaining regulatory approval in international markets. If we are unable to obtain approval of any of our product candidates by regulatory or payor authorities in the European Union, Asia or elsewhere, or if we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in foreign jurisdictions, the commercial prospects of that product candidate may be significantly diminished, and our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. Even if we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates, we may never obtain approval or commercialize such products outside of the United States, which would limit our ability to realize their full market potential. In order to market any product outside of the United States, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries regarding safety and efficacy. Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not mean that regulatory approval will be obtained in any other country. Approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation 82 and additional administrative review periods. Seeking foreign regulatory approvals could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and may require additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, which would be costly and time consuming. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in those countries. Satisfying these and other regulatory requirements is costly, time consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. In addition, our failure to obtain regulatory approval in any country may delay or have negative effects on the process for regulatory approval in other countries. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale in any jurisdiction, including international markets, and we do not have experience in obtaining regulatory approval in international markets. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements in international markets or fail to obtain and maintain required approvals, our ability to realize the full market potential of our products will be harmed. The impact of recent healthcare reform legislation and other changes in the healthcare industry and in healthcare spending on us is currently unknown, and may adversely affect our business model. Our revenue prospects could be affected by changes in healthcare spending and policy in the United States and abroad. We operate in a highly regulated industry and new laws, regulations or judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations or decisions, related to healthcare availability, the method of delivery or payment for healthcare products and services could negatively impact our business, operations and financial condition. There have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal and state levels directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare, including proposals aimed at lowering prescription drug prices and increasing competition for prescription drugs, as well as additional regulation on pharmaceutical transparency and reporting requirements, any of which could negatively impact our future profitability and increase our compliance burden. We cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future, including future challenges or significant revisions to the ACA. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/or impose price controls may adversely affect: • The demand for our product candidates, if we obtain regulatory approval; • Our ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our products; • Our ability to obtain coverage and reimbursement approval for a product; • Our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; • The level of taxes that we are required to pay; and • The availability of capital. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors, which may adversely affect our future profitability. As discussed above, U.S. Supreme Court’s overturn of the Chevron doctrine may invite various stakeholders to bring lawsuits against the FDA to challenge longstanding decisions and policies of the FDA. Further, changes in the leadership of the FDA and other federal agencies under the current presidential administration could result in significant changes in the funding, operations, and/or policies of the federal agencies, which ultimately may impact our clinical development plans and/or timelines. Risks Related to Our Business Global economic, political and market conditions, including downgrades of the U.S. credit rating and inflation, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. The current worldwide economic and financial environment, as well as various social and political tensions in the U.S. and around the world, may contribute to increased market volatility, may have long-term effects on the U.S. and worldwide financial markets and may cause economic uncertainties or deterioration in the U.S. and worldwide. The impact of downgrades by rating agencies to the U.S. government’s sovereign credit rating or its perceived creditworthiness as well as potential government shutdowns could adversely affect the U.S. and global financial markets and economic conditions. U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns have increased the possibility of additional credit-rating downgrades and economic slowdowns, or a recession in the U.S. In addition, disagreement over the federal budget has caused the U.S. federal government to shut down for periods of time. Continued adverse political and economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 83 Various social and political circumstances in the U.S. and around the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics) may also contribute to increased market volatility and economic uncertainties or deterioration in the U.S. and worldwide and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, the current inflationary environment may materially affect our business and operating results by increasing the costs of our supplies and may drive the U.S. Federal Reserve system to increase interest rates, which in turn may increase our overhead costs. Rising interest rates could make it more difficult to obtain traditional financing on acceptable terms, if at all. Additionally, the general consensus among economists suggests that we should expect a higher recession risk to continue over the next year, which, together with the foregoing, could result in further economic uncertainty and volatility in the capital markets in the near term and, as a result could negatively affect our operations. Furthermore, such economic conditions have produced downward pressure on share prices. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial positions or results of operations to date, additional high inflation could increase our operating costs, including our labor costs and research and development costs. These costs may also be negatively impacted due to supply chain constraints, global geopolitical tensions, worsening macroeconomic conditions and employee availability and wage increases, which may result in additional stress on our working capital. Increases in tariffs could result in increased costs. Changes in United States trade policy, including recently announced tariffs, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Changes in United States trade policy, including recently announced tariffs, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The imposition of retaliatory or new tariffs or increases in existing tariffs on goods imported from countries where we source goods could result in supply chain disruption and/or increased material costs for our product candidates or research activities. If we are unable to mitigate these risks through supply chain adjustments, such as changing

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and collaboration with Kite, and evaluate other options as needed, to secure commercial-scale capacity. In 2024, we completed the technology transfer activities and submitted IND amendments for the

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners or developing our own internal manufacturing capabilities, which may prevent us from completing our clinical trials or successfully commercializing our product candidates on a timely or profitable basis, if at all. 59 Because cell therapies represent a relatively new field of cellular immunotherapy for treatment of cancer as well as autoimmune and other disorders, developing and commercializing our product candidates subjects us to a number of risks and challenges, including: • Developing and deploying consistent and reliable processes for procuring a patient’s apheresis material, engineering a patient’s T-cells ex vivo and infusing the engineered T-cells back into the patient; • Developing protocols for the safe administration of our product candidates, including identifying appropriate patients and setting sufficient risk mitigation and adverse event management measures and safeguards; • Establishing integrated solutions in collaboration with specialty treatment centers and other clinical settings in order to reduce the burdens and complex logistics commonly associated with the administration of T cell therapies; • Conditioning patients with chemotherapy in conjunction with delivering each of our products, which may increase the risk of adverse side effects of our product candidates; • Educating medical personnel about the administration of our product candidates, particularly if our clinical trials permit expansion of participating physicians to those in various clinical settings; • Educating medical personnel regarding the potential efficacy and safety profiles of our product candidates, as well as the challenges, of incorporating our product candidates, if approved, into treatment regimens; • Sourcing supplies for the materials used to manufacture and process our product candidates for clinical trials and, in the future, commercial sale, if our product candidates are approved; • Developing reliable and scalable manufacturing processes; • Establishing adequate manufacturing capacity suitable for the manufacture of our product candidates in line with expanding enrollment in our clinical trials and our projected commercial requirements; • Achieving cost efficiencies in the scale-up of our manufacturing capacity; • Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval from the FDA or other health authorities; • Establishing sales and marketing capabilities to successfully launch and commercialize our product candidates if and when we obtain any required regulatory approvals, and risks associated with gaining market acceptance of novel therapies if we receive approval; and • Obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors for our novel therapies in connection with commercialization of any approved product candidates. We may not be able to successfully develop our product candidates, our technology or our other product candidates in a manner that will yield products that are safe, effective, scalable or profitable. Additionally, because our technology involves the genetic modification of patient T-cells ex vivo , we are subject to additional regulatory challenges and risks, including: • Regulatory requirements governing gene and cell therapy products have changed frequently and may continue to change in the future; • Genetically modified products in the event of improper insertion of a gene sequence into a patient’s chromosome could lead to lymphoma, leukemia or other cancers, or other aberrantly functioning cells; • Although our viral vectors are not able to replicate, there is a risk with the use of lentiviral vectors that they could lead to new or reactivated pathogenic strains of virus or other infectious diseases; and • The FDA recommends a 15-year follow-up observation period for all patients who receive treatment using gene therapies, and we may need to adopt such an observation period for our product candidates. Moreover, public perception and awareness of cell therapy safety issues may adversely influence the willingness of subjects to participate in clinical trials of our product candidates, or if approved, of physicians to prescribe our products. Physicians, hospitals and third-party payors often are slow to adopt new products, technologies and treatment practices that require additional upfront costs and training. Treatment centers may not be willing or able to devote the personnel and establish other infrastructure required for the administration of CAR-T cell therapies. Physicians may not be willing to undergo training to adopt this novel and personalized therapy, may decide the therapy is too complex to adopt without appropriate training and may choose not to administer the therapy. Based on these and other factors, hospitals and payors may decide that the benefits of this new therapy do not or will not outweigh its costs. 60 Additionally, in developing our product candidates, we have not exhaustively explored different options in the design and method for manufacturing ddCARs, ARC-T-cells and SparX proteins. Although we do not currently plan to change the structure of our ddCARs, ARC-T-cells or SparX proteins in the near term, we may in the future find our ddCARs, ARC-T-cells or SparX proteins, or any manufacturing process thereof, may be substantially improved with future design or process changes. Changes in product design and changes in the manufacturing process, equipment, or facilities may require further comparability analysis and approval by FDA before implementation, which could delay our clinical trials and product candidate development, and could require additional clinical trials, including bridging studies, to demonstrate consistent and continued safety, identity, purity and efficacy. For example, we have used a lentiviral vector to transduce the gene for the ddCAR and ARC constructs into patient T-cells. In the future, we may find that another type of vector or other means of genetically modifying T-cells may offer advantages, particularly as we consider inserting our ddCARs and ARC-T-cells into other immune cells. Changing how we genetically modify the immune cells would necessitate additional process development, comparability studies, regulatory filings and clinical testing and delay existing product candidates. In addition, the clinical trial requirements of the FDA and foreign health authorities and the criteria these regulators use to determine whether a product candidate is acceptable for approval, can vary substantially according to the type, complexity, novelty and intended use and market of the potential products. While CAR-T and other cell therapy products have made progress in recent years, only a small number of products have been approved in the United States or other markets, which makes it difficult to determine how long it will take or how much it will cost to obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates. Our ARC-SparX platform is highly dependent on the success of ACLX-001, ACLX-002 and ACLX-004. Our ARC-SparX platform, including our AML/MDS program, is highly dependent on the success of ACLX-001, ACLX-002 and ACLX-004, the first product candidates based on our ARC-SparX platform. ACLX-001 is an immunotherapeutic combination composed of ARC-T-cells and SparX proteins targeting BCMA, or SPRX001, for the treatment of rrMM. ACLX-002 is an immunotherapeutic combination composed of ARC-T-cells and SparX proteins targeting CD123, or SPRX002, for the treatment of relapsed or refractory AML and high-risk MDS. ACLX-004 is an immunotherapeutic combination composed of ARC-T-cells and two SparX proteins targeting CD123 and CD33, for the treatment of relapsed or refractory AML and high-risk MDS. The ARC-T-cells and the SparX proteins comprising ARC-SparX candidates are entirely novel and neither had been previously tested in humans prior to the initiation of our Phase 1 trial of ACLX-001. All SparX proteins are comprised of one or more antigen-specific binding domains fused to a protein that we refer to as the TAG. The TAG is a novel protein sequence derived from the 26kDA C-terminal fragment of human alpha fetoprotein (hAFP) and also had never been previously tested in humans prior to the initiation of our Phase 1 trial of ACLX-001. The ARC-T-cells are designed to have a binding domain that recognizes the TAG, which we refer to as anti-TAG. The anti-TAG had also never been previously tested in humans prior to the initiation of our Phase 1 trial of ACLX-001. There can be no assurance that the ARC-T-cells, the SparX proteins, the TAG, anti-TAG and other parts of ACLX-001, ACLX-002 and ACLX-004 will not trigger an adverse response, cause unintended off-target recognition, limit the expected activity of the product candidates or result in other negative outcomes. Additionally, because all product candidates in our ARC-SparX platform use the ARC-T-cells, a failure with ACLX-001 or ACLX-002 or ACLX-004 will increase the actual or perceived likelihood that our other product candidates in the ARC-SparX platform will experience similar failures. Our Phase 1 trials of ACLX-001 and ACLX-002 are intended to serve as clinical validation of our ARC-SparX platform as we seek to understand the pharmacokinetics, safety profile, and dosing strategy for future clinical development. Upon completion of the Phase 1 trials, we will leverage knowledge gained from these trials to further advance our AML/MDS programs utilizing ARC-SparX for a broader pipeline in this disease area. If we do not successfully complete the Phase 1 trials for ACLX-001 and ACLX-002 in a timely manner or fail to achieve favorable results from the trial, we may experience significant delays or other issues in advancing our other ARC-SparX product candidates, and our other discovery projects in AML/MDS and other tumor settings. Clinical development is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process. Our clinical trials may fail to demonstrate adequate safety and/or efficacy of any of our product candidates, which would prevent or delay regulatory approval and commercialization and potentially impact the development of our other product candidates. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of our product candidates, including anito-cel, we must demonstrate through lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical testing and clinical trials that our product candidates have adequate safety and efficacy profiles, and the manufactured drug product has quality attributes that are appropriate for use in humans. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during clinical development, and there is a high risk of failure and we may never succeed in developing marketable products. 61 The results of preclinical studies and earlier clinical trials of our product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials, particularly because earlier trials have smaller numbers of subjects tested. In addition, it is not uncommon for product candidates to exhibit unforeseen safety or efficacy issues, such as immunogenicity, when tested in humans despite promising results in preclinical animal models. Any clinical trials that we may conduct may not demonstrate the safety and efficacy profiles necessary to obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates. As we continue developing our product candidates, additional serious adverse events, undesirable side effects, or unexpected characteristics may cause us to make further protocol amendments, or change our clinical trial design. In some cases, we may be required to limit their development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the risk-benefit ratio is more acceptable, or abandon these product candidates or their development altogether. Treatment with our product candidates may cause side effects or adverse events that are unrelated to our product candidate but may still impact the success of our clinical trials. The inclusion of patients with significant co-morbidities in our clinical trials may result in deaths or other adverse medical events due to an underlying condition or other therapies or medications that such patients may be using. As described above, any of these events could lead to another clinical hold, and/or prevent us from obtaining regulatory approval or achieving or maintaining market acceptance and impair our ability to commercialize our product candidates. Because the product candidates in our platforms share similar components, such as the D-Domain, a failure of one of our clinical trials may also increase the actual or perceived likelihood that our other product candidates will experience similar failures. Similarly, lack of efficacy, adverse events, undesirable side effects or other adverse results may emerge in clinical trials for one indication that may adversely affect our development of the same product candidate in another indication. Although the FDA has previously issued and lifted one partial clinical hold, there is no assurance that the FDA will not issue another clinical hold in the future. To the extent the FDA issues another clinical hold, addressing a clinical hold takes considerable time and expense and there can be no assurance that the FDA will remove a clinical hold in a timely manner, or at all, in which case our business and prospects for development and approval of anito-cel would be materially harmed. In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety and efficacy results between different clinical trials of the same product candidate due to a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, changes in trial procedures set forth in protocols, differences in the size and demographics of the patient populations, including but not limited to disease-stage or even indication(s) being tested, changes in and adherence to the clinical trial protocols and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. If our ongoing or future clinical trials are inconclusive with respect to the safety and efficacy of our product candidates, or if we encounter safety concerns associated with our product candidates, we may: • Incur unplanned costs; • Be delayed in or prevented from obtaining marketing approval for our product candidates; • Obtain approval for indications or patient populations that are not as broad as intended or desired; • Obtain approval with labeling that includes significant restrictions on use or distribution or safety warnings including boxed warnings, including the warnings regarding T cell malignancies required by the FDA as of January 2024 for all approved CAR-T therapies; • Be subject to changes in the way the product is administered; • Be required to perform additional clinical trials to support approval or be subject to additional post-marketing requirements; • Have regulatory authorities withdraw their approval of the product or impose restrictions on its distribution in the form of a modified Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS); • Be subject to the addition of labeling statements, such as warnings or contraindications; • Be sued; and/or • Experience damage to our reputation. In addition, even if the trials are successfully completed, clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and we cannot guarantee that the FDA or foreign health authorities will interpret the results as we do, and more trials could be required before we submit our product candidates for approval. We cannot guarantee that the FDA or foreign health authorities will view any of our product candidates as having adequate safety and efficacy profiles even if favorable results are observed in these clinical trials, and we may receive unexpected or unfavorable feedback from the FDA or foreign health authorities regarding satisfaction of safety, purity and potency (including clinical efficacy), amongst other factors. To the extent that the results of the trials 62 are not satisfactory to the FDA or foreign health authorities for support of a marketing application, approval of our product candidates may be significantly delayed, or we may be required to expend significant additional resources, which may not be available to us, to conduct additional trials in support of potential approval of our product candidates. We may encounter substantial delays in our clinical trials. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include: • Delays associated with events out of our control such as global pandemics or geopolitical uncertainty and instability, as further described under Risks Related to Our Business; • Delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on trial design; • Delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs, and clinical trial sites and obtaining required institutional review board (IRB), approval at each clinical trial site; • Delays in recruiting and enrolling suitable patients to participate in our clinical trials; • Failure to collect sufficiently viable white blood cells from patients, adequately expand or successfully transduce sufficient number of patient T-cells for infusion or otherwise manufacture product candidates, or infuse patients in a timely manner with product candidate; • Failure by our CROs, other third parties or us to adhere the trial protocol or the FDA’s good clinical practices (GCPs) or applicable regulatory guidelines in other countries; • Third-party contractors becoming debarred or suspended or otherwise penalized by the FDA or foreign health authorities for violations of applicable regulatory requirements; • Delays in the testing, validation, manufacturing and delivery of our product candidates to the clinical trial sites, including due to a facility manufacturing any of our product candidates or any of their components being ordered by the FDA or foreign health authorities to temporarily or permanently shut down due to violations of current good manufacturing practices (cGMPs) regulations or other applicable requirements, or infections or cross-contaminations of product candidates in the manufacturing process; • Delays in the technology transfer and scale up of our manufacturing process to support late-stage clinical trials; • Delays in having patients complete their participation in a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up visits; • Clinical trial sites or patients dropping out of a trial or experiencing changing health or other conditions that require removing them from the trial; • Discovering that product candidates have unforeseen safety issues, undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics; • To the extent that we conduct clinical trials in foreign countries, the failure of enrolled patients in foreign countries to adhere to clinical protocol as a result of differences in healthcare services or cultural customs, managing additional administrative burdens associated with foreign regulatory schemes, as well as political and economic risks relevant to such foreign countries; • Receiving untimely or unfavorable feedback from applicable regulatory authorities regarding the trial or requests from regulatory authorities to modify the design of a trial; • Suspensions or terminations by IRBs or Data Safety Monitoring Boards (DSMBs) or internal clinical holds and/or clinical holds from or by regulatory authorities; • Lack of adequate funding to continue operations; or • Changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols and/or amendments to INDs. In June 2023, the FDA issued a partial clinical hold on our IND for anito-cel following a patient death, which involved one clinical trial site treating a patient who was not eligible for anito-cel infusion and subsequently managing the patient in a manner conflicting with our trial protocol. Although we aligned with the FDA on modifications to the trial protocol and retrained our clinical trial sites in iMMagine-1 to enhance protocol adherence, there is no assurance that a site or another third party will not deviate from the trial protocol in the future. There is no assurance that the FDA will not issue another clinical hold in the future. 63 Any inability to successfully complete our clinical trials could result in additional costs to us or impair our ability to raise capital, generate revenues from product sales and enter into or maintain collaboration arrangements. In addition, if we make material manufacturing changes to our product candidates or change manufacturers, we may need to conduct additional bridging or comparability studies. Clinical trial delays could also shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates and may harm our business and results of operations. If we encounter delays or difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials and/or retention of patients in clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the trial until completion of treatment and adequate follow-up. The enrollment of patients depends on many factors, including: • Inability to enroll, or delay in enrollment of, patients due to outbreaks and public health crises or other events out of our control, such as the COVID-19 global pandemic, as further described under Risks Related to Our Business; • The patient eligibility criteria defined in the protocol; • The perceived risks and benefits of the product candidate being studied; • The size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial’s primary endpoints; • The proximity of patients to trial sites; • The design of the trial; • The availability of manufacturing slots; • Our ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; • Our ability to obtain and maintain patient consent; • Reporting of the preliminary results of any of our clinical trials; and • The risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion of treatment and adequate follow-up. Although the FDA has previously issued and lifted one partial clinical hold, there is no assurance that the FDA will not issue another clinical hold in the future, which could further delay clinical development. In addition, our clinical trials will compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigation sites is limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials at such clinical trial sites. Delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of our ongoing and planned clinical trials, which could prevent completion or commencement of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates. Further, conducting clinical trials in foreign countries, as we may do for our product candidates, presents additional risks that may delay completion of our clinical trials. These risks include the failure of enrolled patients in foreign countries to adhere to clinical protocol as a result of differences in healthcare services or cultural customs, managing additional administrative burdens associated with foreign regulatory schemes, as well as political and economic risks, and acts of war (including, for example, ongoing geopolitical tensions related to the Russia and Ukraine conflict, resulting sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries, and retaliatory actions taken by Russia in response to such sanctions), relevant to such foreign countries. Interim, preliminary or topline data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. From time to time, we may publish interim, preliminary or topline data from clinical trials. For example, the data as of the October 7, 2025 data cutoff date presented at the Annual Meeting of the American Society of Hematology (ASH) from our pivotal 64 Phase 2 iMMagine-1 clinical trial for anito-cel for the treatment of rrMM is preliminary data. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Preliminary or topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary or topline data previously published. As a result, interim, preliminary and topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Adverse differences between interim, preliminary or topline data and final data could significantly harm our reputation and business prospects. Moreover, preliminary, interim and topline data are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as more patient data become available when patients mature on trial, patient enrollment continues or as other ongoing or future clinical trials with a product candidate further develop. Past results of clinical trials may not be predictive of future results. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically more extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure. Any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular product candidate or our business. Similarly, even if we are able to complete our planned and ongoing preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates according to our current development timeline, the positive results from such preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates may not be replicated in subsequent preclinical studies or clinical trial results. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive results in early-stage development and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, preclinical and other nonclinical findings made while clinical trials were underway or safety or efficacy observations made in preclinical studies and clinical trials, including previously unreported adverse events. Moreover, preclinical, nonclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses and many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA or other regulatory approval. Our product candidates and the method of treatment may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could halt their clinical development, prevent their regulatory approval, require expansion of the trial size, limit their commercial potential, or result in significant negative consequences. Our product candidates involve genetically modified T cell-based immunotherapies. A number of genetically modified cell therapies, such as CAR-based products, have potentially severe side effects, including cytokine release syndrome, neurologic toxicities, Parkinsonism and Guillain-Barré syndrome, Immune Effector Cell-associated enterocolitis (IEC-EC), hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis, macrophage activation syndrome, and prolonged and/or recurrent cytopenias, that can escalate and require intensive medical intervention and result in injury or death to the patients. Additionally, the administration of CAR-based products for cancer indications involves lymphodepletion and often bridging therapies, which are also associated with adverse events. As we expand clinical study of our T-cell based immunotherapies to other indications outside of cancer, such as autoimmune indications, we may use similar, intensive protocols to manage the risk of adverse events. Even though we believe that certain features of our product candidates, such as higher transduction efficiency, higher CAR+ rate, or lower overall cell dose, could be associated with lower risks of neurological and other toxicities, there is no guarantee that our product candidates will not have side effects similar to those seen in other genetically modified cell therapies or that we will be able to prevent side effects from escalating to an unsafe level for our patients. Additionally, our initial product candidates have been directed at treating patients with rrMM and AML/MDS. These patients are often elderly and/or have significant co-morbidities, and we expect they will receive our product candidate as a last line of therapy after most other therapies have failed, and these patients may be particularly susceptible to safety and toxicity risks. We received FDA clearance of an IND application for generalized Myasthenia Gravis in 2024 and have initiated a Phase 1 trial in generalized Myasthenia Gravis. Similarly, these patients may have co-morbidities and/or their autoimmune disorders may make them particularly susceptible to safety and toxicity risks. In addition, these side effects that may be associated with treatment may not always be appropriately recognized or managed by the treating medical staff, as toxicities resulting from T cell therapy may be complicated and difficult to manage, which could result in patient death or other significant issues. Additionally, it can be difficult to determine if the serious adverse or unexpected side effects were caused by the product candidate or another factor, especially in oncology subjects, autoimmune or non-autoimmune patients who may suffer from other medical conditions and be taking other medications. In June 2023, the FDA issued a partial clinical hold on our IND for anito-cel, which was lifted in August 2023. Although we aligned with the FDA on modifications to the trial protocol and retrained our clinical trial sites in iMMagine-1 to enhance protocol 65 adherence, there is no assurance that a site or another third party will not deviate from the trial protocol in the future. There is no assurance that the FDA will not issue another clinical hold in the future. Following FDA investigation of reports of T cell malignancies, including CAR-positive lymphoma, associated with treatment with CAR-T therapies, the FDA sent letters in January 2024 to manufacturers of six approved CAR-T therapies, requiring a boxed warning regarding T cell malignancies that have occurred following treatment with BCMA- and CD19-directed genetically modified autologous T cell immunotherapies. This was a class-wide boxed warning required for all approved CAR-T therapies. According to a November 2024 article, in view of reports that indicate the rate of secondary T-cell malignancies may be lower than initially thought, the FDA reported that the agency is reconsidering the need for such labeling. In June 2025, the FDA announced that it has eliminated the Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies (REMS) for currently approved BCMA- and CD19-directed autologous chimeric antigen receptor CAR T cell immunotherapies, which is expected to improve access to these approved therapies. To the extent the FDA imposes REMS or other requirements on such manufacturers in the future, including black boxed warning for CAR-T products, class-wide or for certain constructs, or for any of our product candidates, such requirements may reduce their market acceptance and profitability. Additional safety monitoring that manufacturers of such products are required to implement during clinical trials as well as post-approval, including REMS, can increase the time and resources needed to obtain regulatory approval and to market CAR-T therapies, and could decrease our profitability and have a material adverse effect on our business. We have designed a new binding domain that we believe should have low immunogenicity because we also removed potentially immunogenic sequences from their binding domains, which we refer to as “deimmunization.” However, it has never been tested in humans outside of our current clinical trials and we cannot guarantee that there will not be any unexpected side effects from this binding domain or the SparX proteins that we plan to test as part of our product candidates. Although we have completed multiple preclinical studies designed to screen for toxicity caused by unintended off-target recognition in vivo by our novel binding domains, our product candidates may still cause unintended off-target recognition in patients. Additionally, our genetically modified T-cells, the ddCARs and the ARC-T-cells, may still bind targets other than the target antigens or the TAG on our SparX proteins, respectively. If significant unexpected binding or off-target binding occurs in normal tissue, our product candidates may target and kill the normal tissue in a patient, leading to serious and potentially fatal adverse events, undesirable side effects, toxicities or other unexpected characteristics. Detection of any significant unexpected or off-target binding may halt or delay any ongoing clinical trials for our product candidates and prevent or delay regulatory approval. While we have developed a preclinical screening process to identify cross-reactivity of our product candidates, we cannot be certain that this process will identify all potential off-target tissue that our product candidates may interact with. Any unexpected or off-target binding that impacts patient safety could materially impact our ability to advance our product candidates into clinical trials and ability to proceed to marketing approval and commercialization. If additional serious adverse events or undesirable side effects arise, we could be required to suspend, delay, or halt the trial(s) in which such events or effects arise or any of our other clinical trials and regulatory authorities could deny approval or require us to limit development of that product candidate to certain uses or subpopulations in which the undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. Undesirable side effects could also result in an expansion in the size of the trial(s) in which such events or effects arise or any of our other clinical trials, increasing the expected costs and timeline of our clinical trials. Side effects that are observed during the trial, whether treatment related or not, could also affect patient recruitment for future trials or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Further, if additional serious adverse events or undesirable side effects are identified during development or after approval and are determined to be attributed to any of our product candidates, we may be required to develop REMS to ensure that the benefits of treatment with such product candidate outweigh the risks for each potential patient, which may include, among other things, a communication plan to health care practitioners, patient education, extensive patient monitoring or distribution systems and processes that are highly controlled, restrictive and more costly than what is typical for the industry. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. Development of product candidates in combination with other therapies could expose us to additional risks. Development of any of our product candidates in combination with one or more other therapies that have either been approved or not yet been approved for marketing by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could expose us to additional risks, as combination therapies may increase the rate of serious or unexpected adverse events, which could result in a clinical hold as well as pre-approval and post-approval restrictions by the FDA or other regulatory authorities on the proposed combination therapy, including narrowing of the indication, warnings, additional safety data collection and monitoring procedures, and REMS, even if the cause of such serious or unexpected adverse events is not directly attributed to our product candidate. CAR-T therapies for cancer indications, including anito-cel, are administered following a lymphodepletion regimen and often bridging therapies, these therapies are associated with risks of adverse events. As we expand clinical study of our T-cell based immunotherapies to other indications outside of cancer, 66 such as autoimmune indications, we may use similar, intensive protocols to manage the risk of adverse events. Any of these events or restrictions could have a material adverse effect on our business, delay our regulatory approval, and decrease the market acceptance and profitability of our product candidate if approved for a combination therapy. We will not be able to market and sell any product candidate in combination with any unapproved therapies that do not ultimately obtain marketing approval. If the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities do not approve or revoke their approval of other therapies used in combination therapies, or if safety, efficacy, commercial adoption, manufacturing or supply issues arise with such therapies we choose to evaluate in combination with any of our product candidates, we may be unable to obtain approval of or successfully market any one or all of the product candidates we develop. Even if any of our product candidates were to receive marketing approval or be commercialized for use in combination with other existing approved therapies, we would continue to be subject to the risks that the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities could revoke approval of the other therapy used in combination with any of our product candidates, or safety, efficacy, manufacturing or supply issues could arise with these existing therapies. In addition, it is possible that existing therapies with which our product candidates are approved for use could themselves fall out of favor or be relegated to later lines of treatment. This could result in the need to identify other combination therapies for our product candidates or our own products being removed from the market or being less successful commercially. Additionally, if the third party providers of therapies or therapies in development used in combination with our product candidates are unable to produce sufficient quantities for clinical trials or for commercialization of our product candidates, or if the cost of combination therapies is prohibitive, our development and commercialization efforts would be impaired, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Manufacturing genetically engineered products is complex and subject to both human and systemic risks. We or our third- party manufacturers may encounter difficulties in production and sourcing and may be subject to variations and supply constraints of key components. If we or any of our third-party manufacturers encounter such difficulties, our ability to provide supply of our product candidates for clinical trials or our products for patients, if approved, could be delayed or prevented. The manufacture of biological drug products, such as ddCARs and ARC-SparX, the components thereof, and the viral vectors used to manufacture these product candidates and components, is complex and requires significant expertise and capital investment, including the development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Manufacturers of biologic products often encounter difficulties in production and sourcing, particularly in scaling up or out, validating the production process and assuring high reliability of the manufacturing processes (including the absence of contamination), in light of variations and supply constraints of key components. These problems include logistics and shipping, difficulties with production costs and yields, quality control, including consistency, stability, purity and efficacy of the product, product testing, operator error and availability of qualified personnel, as well as compliance with strictly enforced federal, state and foreign regulations. Furthermore, if contaminants are discovered in our supply of our product candidates or in the manufacturing facilities, such manufacturing facilities may need to be closed for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination. We cannot assure you that any stability, purity, and efficacy failures, deficiencies, or other issues relating to the manufacture of our product candidates will not occur in the future. Additionally, our product candidates are derived from cells collected from our patients and such cells may vary in type and quality as the patients may vary in age, stage of disease, and history of treatment among many other factors. We have strict specifications for the patient cell material and the product candidates we manufacture, including certain specifications that are reviewed and approved by regulatory authorities. The patient cell material variability may exceed our manufacturing process capability or deviate from the specified ranges, and result in failure in production of the patient therapy, lower quality batches, or even require adjustments to the specifications approved by authorities. The patient cell material may also be variable in factors that we currently may not be detecting with the analytical methods used or may not know how to measure and we may discover failures with the material after production. We may not be able to deliver the quality and consistency of our cell therapy products that we need or may need to re-collect cell material which can increase costs and/or cause delay, adversely impact patient outcomes and otherwise harm our clinical trials, reputation, business and prospects. We may fail to manage the logistics of collecting and shipping patient material to the manufacturing site and shipping the product candidate back to the relevant parties and experience delays or shortages of certain clinical or commercial grade supplies and components. Logistical and shipment delays and problems caused by us, our vendors or other factors not in our control, including the pandemic, geopolitical tensions related to the Russia and Ukraine conflict, the resulting sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries, and retaliatory actions taken by Russia in response to such sanctions, business interruptions, global supply chain issues, and weather, could prevent or delay the delivery of product candidates to patients. Additionally, we have to maintain a complex chain of identity and chain of custody with respect to patient material as it moves to the manufacturing facility, through the manufacturing processes and back to the patient. Failure to maintain chain of identity and chain of custody could result in patient death, loss of product or regulatory action. 67 Material modifications in the methods of product candidate manufacturing may result in additional costs or delay. As product candidates progress from preclinical studies to late-stage clinical trials to marketing approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods, materials and processes, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize yield, manufacturing batch size, minimize costs and achieve consistent purity, identity, potency, quality and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives. Any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and could affect planned or other clinical trials conducted with product candidates produced using the modified manufacturing methods, materials, and processes. This could delay completion of clinical trials and could require non-clinical or clinical bridging and comparability studies, which could increase costs, delay approval of our product candidates and jeopardize our ability to commercialize our product candidates, if approved. If we or our third-party manufacturers or collaborators use hazardous and biological materials in a manner that causes injury or violates applicable law, we may be liable for damages. Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially hazardous substances, including chemical and biological materials, by our third-party manufacturers. We currently outsource all manufacturing to third parties, but we and our manufacturers are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations in the United States governing the use, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of medical and hazardous materials. Although we believe that our manufacturers’ procedures for using, handling, storing and disposing of these materials comply with legally prescribed standards, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of contamination or injury resulting from medical or hazardous materials. As a result of any such contamination or injury, we may incur liability or local, city, state or federal authorities may curtail the use of these materials and interrupt our business operations. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for damages or penalized with fines, and the liability could exceed our resources. We do not currently have any insurance for liabilities arising from medical or hazardous materials. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations is expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and production efforts, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. The process for treating patients using T cell therapy is subject to human and systemic risks. The “vein-to-vein” cycle for treating patients using T-cell therapy typically takes approximately four to six weeks and involves a large number of steps and human participants. First, the patient’s lymphocytes are isolated by apheresis at the clinical site and shipped to the manufacturing site. Under cGMP conditions at the manufacturing site, the patient’s lymphocytes are washed and then enriched for CD3-positive T-cells using specialized reagents. After overnight culture and T-cell activation, the T-cells are transduced using lentiviral vector transduction technology to introduce the CAR and ARC genetic construct into the enriched T cell population. At the completion of T cell transduction, the T-cells are expanded for several days, harvested, formulated into the final drug product and then cryopreserved for delivery to patients. In the United States, samples of the final product are subjected to several release tests which must fulfill specified criteria for the drug product to be released for infusion. These include sterility, identity, purity, potency and other tests. We are subject to stringent regulatory and quality standards in the course of a T cell therapy treatment process, and we cannot assure you that our quality control and assurance efforts will be successful or that the risk of human or systemic errors in these processes can be eliminated. Given the complexities of the manufacturing process and administration of our product candidates, including the need for clinical sites or facilities with the resources and the technology to perform apheresis, the success of our product candidates, if approved, is dependent on factors that impact patient access to facilities that offer apheresis, additional costs to patients and healthcare systems associated with apheresis, and hospital infrastructure and bottlenecks, among others. The availability of apheresis can be a limiting factor for accessing our product candidates, if approved, which can have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, as discussed above, FDA has announced that it was investigating the risk of secondary cancers for approved BCMA-directed and CD19-directed genetically modified autologous CAR-T cell immunotherapies as a class, and advised that patients and clinical trial participants receiving treatment in this class of products should be monitored life-long for new malignancies. Such safety concerns could have a material adverse effect on our business. Prior treatments can alter the cancer and negatively impact chances for achieving clinical activity with our product candidates. Patients with hematological cancers typically receive highly toxic chemotherapy as their initial treatments that can impact the viability of the T-cells collected from the patient and may contribute to highly variable responses to CAR-T cell therapies. Patients could also have received prior therapies that target the same target antigen on the cancer cells as our intended product candidate and thereby these patients may have cancer cells with low or no expression of the target antigen. As a result, our product candidates may not recognize the cancer cell and may fail to achieve clinical activity. 68 We may not be able to file additional INDs to commence additional clinical trials on the timelines we expect, and even if we are able to, the FDA may not permit us to proceed. We expect to submit additional INDs for our current and future product candidates. However, our timing for submitting these INDs is dependent on the results of further research. Additionally, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing further clinical trials to begin, or that, once clinical trials have begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such clinical trials. Additionally, even if the FDA agrees with the design and implementation of the clinical trials set forth in an IND, we cannot guarantee that the FDA will not change its requirements in the future. These risks also apply to other clinical trials we may seek to commence under other INDs or amendments to existing INDs. The market opportunities for certain of our product candidates may be limited due to a number of factors including, but not limited to, patient availability, competition, reimbursement coverage and access, system capacity or execution challenges. Consequently, markets may be small, and our projections regarding the size of the addressable market may be incorrect. We are initially developing anito-cel as a last line therapy for patients with rrMM with plans to pursue label expansion into earlier lines of therapy and other indications outside of oncology, including certain autoimmune disorders. For example, we received FDA clearance of an IND application in 2024 to evaluate anito-cel for the treatment of generalized Myasthenia Gravis. However, there is no guarantee that it, or any of our product candidates, even if approved, would be approved for earlier lines of therapy and any approved products may end up having a smaller market opportunity than we anticipated. Additionally, our projections of both the number of people who have the diseases we are targeting, as well as the size of the subset patient population who have the potential to benefit from treatment with our product candidates, the preferences of and likelihood of prescriptions by healthcare professionals, expected patient access to the therapies (including available and on-boarded treatment centers, manufacturing capacity and available doses), expected pricing and market share, and the potential to expand the market, are based on our beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations, or market research and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for our product candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates. As a result, the number of patients may turn out to be fewer than expected. We may expend our limited resources to pursue a particular product candidate or indication and fail to capitalize on product candidates or indications that may be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. Because we have limited financial and operational resources, we must prioritize our research programs and will need to focus our discovery and development on select product candidates and indications. Correctly prioritizing our research and development activities is particularly important for us due to the breadth of potential product candidates and indications that we intend to utilize with our clinical development strategy. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential. As an example, although we believe that targeting BCMA initially before targeting other antigens will help us validate our platforms more easily, the risks associated with MM patients and the competition in cell therapies targeting BCMA, among others, could outweigh the benefits. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and product candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable products. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular product candidate, we may also relinquish valuable rights to that product candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to such product candidate. We face significant competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our competitors may be able to develop other products or drugs that are able to achieve similar or better results or make it difficult for us to develop our product candidates on a timely basis by limiting our access to patients, clinical trial sites, manufacturers and other resources. Our competitors include large and specialty pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies, academic research institutions and governmental agencies, and public and private research institutions. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of our product candidates are safety, efficacy, ensuring consistent quality and purity of the product candidates, delivery, price and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. We anticipate substantial direct competition from other organizations developing advanced CAR-T or other types of genetically modified cell therapies due to their promising clinical therapeutic effect in clinical trials, including, among others,  AbbVie, Allogene, Amgen, AstraZeneca, Autolus, Bristol Myers Squibb, Cabaletta, Caribou Biosciences, CARsgen, Cartesian, Cellectis, Cellular Biomedicine Group, Celyad, Crispr, Gilead, GSK, Immix, Innovent, Johnson & Johnson, Kelonia, Kyverna, Legend, Nanjing IASO 69 Biotherapeutics Ltd., Novartis, Pfizer, Precision BioSciences, Pregene, Regeneron, and Roche. In addition, we expect to also compete with companies developing: • T-cells with CARs that are reactive to tumor associated antigens; • T-cells with T-cell receptors (TCRs) that are reactive to tumor associated antigens; • T-cells with adapter platforms; • Bispecifics, trispecifics, and other multispecifics that bring T-cells and diseased cells into close proximity with each other; • Other immune cells that can be targeted using antibodies; • Natural killer (NK)-based cell therapies; • In vivo CAR-T therapeutics; and • Allogeneic cell therapies. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger research and development staff, greater access to clinical sites and patients, experienced regulatory, marketing and manufacturing teams and well-established sales forces. In addition, many of these competitors are active in seeking patent protection and licensing arrangements in anticipation of collecting royalties for use of technology that they have developed. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. Our competitors, either alone or with collaborative partners, may succeed in developing, acquiring or licensing on an exclusive basis drug or biologic products that are more effective, safer, more easily commercialized or less costly than our product candidates or may develop proprietary technologies or secure patent protection that we may need for the development of our technologies and products. Even if we obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, the availability and price of our competitors’ products could limit the demand and the price we are able to charge for our product candidates. We may not be able to implement our business plan if the acceptance of our product candidates is inhibited by price competition or the reluctance of physicians to switch from existing methods of treatment to our product candidates, or if physicians switch to other new drug or biologic products or choose to reserve our product candidates for use in limited circumstances. Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Product Candidates Even if we obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates, the products may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers and others in the medical community. If any of our product candidates receive marketing approval, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, healthcare payors and others in the medical community. For example, existing cell therapies are currently offered only in tertiary academic hospitals that have intensive care units that can support the safety and toxicity issues associated with cell therapies. If we are unable to demonstrate sufficient safety to permit a broader use of our product candidates, we may not generate significant product revenue and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of our product candidates, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: • The clinical indications for which our product candidates are approved; • The willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; • Physicians, hospitals, cancer treatment centers and patients considering our product candidates as a safe, pure and effective treatment; • The potential and perceived advantages of our product candidates over alternative treatments; • Our ability to demonstrate the advantages of our product candidates over other conventional CAR-T therapies; • The perceived prevalence and severity of any side effects for our product candidates compared to the prevalence and severity of any side effects for conventional CAR-T products and other cell therapies; 70 • Product labeling, limitations, warnings or product insert requirements of the FDA or foreign health authorities, including FDA’s requirement for manufacturers of approved CAR-T therapies to include boxed warning regarding T cell malignancies; • The timing of market introduction of our product candidates as well as competitive products; • The cost of treatment in relation to alternative treatments; • Factors that impact access to apheresis, including but not limited to availability of facilities that offer apheresis, additional costs associated with apheresis and administration of CAR-T therapies, and other hospital infrastructure and bottlenecks; • The availability of adequate coverage, reimbursement and pricing by third-party payors and government authorities; • The willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of coverage by third-party payors and government authorities; • Relative convenience and ease of administration, including as compared to alternative treatments and competitive therapies; and • The effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts. If our product candidates are approved but fail to achieve market acceptance among physicians, patients, hospitals, cancer treatment centers or others in the medical community, we will not be able to generate significant revenue. Even if our products achieve market acceptance, we may not be able to maintain that market acceptance over time if new products or technologies are introduced that are more favorably received than our products, are more cost effective or render our products obsolete. We may face difficulties from changes to current regulations and future legislation. Current and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to commercialize our drugs, if approved, and affect the prices we may obtain, including changes in coverage and reimbursement policies in certain market segments for our product candidates, which could make it difficult for us to sell our product candidates, if approved, profitably. Existing regulatory policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. In both domestic and foreign markets, successful sales of our product candidates, if approved, will depend on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors. In addition, because our product candidates represent novel approaches to the treatment of cancer and autoimmune diseases, we cannot accurately estimate the potential revenue from our product candidates. Patients who receive medical treatment for their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Adequate coverage and reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs and treatments they will cover and the amount of reimbursement. Reimbursement by a third-party payor may depend upon a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the third-party payor’s determination that use of a product is: • A covered benefit under its health plan; • Medically necessary and has acceptable risk-benefit ratio; • Appropriate for the specific patient; • Cost-effective; and • Neither experimental nor investigational. Obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to the payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our products. Even if we obtain coverage for a given product, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Due to the high 71 costs associated with cell therapies, patients are unlikely to use our product candidates unless coverage is provided or reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of the cost of our product candidates. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third party payors. Therefore, coverage and reimbursement for products can differ significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our product candidates to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. We intend to seek approval to market our product candidates in both the United States and in selected foreign jurisdictions. If we obtain approval in one or more foreign jurisdictions for our product candidates, we will be subject to rules and regulations in those jurisdictions. In some foreign countries, particularly those in the European Union, the pricing of biologics is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after obtaining marketing approval of a product candidate. In addition, market acceptance and sales of our product candidates will depend significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for our product candidates and may be affected by existing and future healthcare reform measures. The ACA made extensive changes to the delivery of health care in the United States. We expect that the rebates, discounts, taxes and other costs resulting from the ACA over time will have a negative effect on our expenses and profitability in the future. The ACA contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products through increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies’ share of sales to federal health care programs. For example, the ACA made several changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, including increasing pharmaceutical manufacturers’ rebate liability by increasing the minimum basic Medicaid rebate on most branded prescription drugs. Additionally, for a drug product to receive federal reimbursement under the Medicaid or Medicare Part B programs or to be sold directly to U.S. government agencies, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities eligible to participate in the 340B drug pricing program. Since the enactment of the ACA, there have been judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. In June 2021, the United States Supreme Court held that Texas and other challengers had no legal standing to challenge the ACA, dismissing the case without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Accordingly, the ACA remains in effect in its current form. It is unclear how this Supreme Court decision, future litigation, or healthcare measures promulgated by the current presidential administration will impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Complying with any new legislation or changes in healthcare regulation could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in material adverse effect on our business. Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. For example, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, included reductions to CMS payments to providers of 2% per fiscal year, which went into effect in 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2032, with the exception of a temporary suspension implemented under various COVID-19 relief legislation. In January 2013, President Obama signed into law the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (the ATRA), which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, including hospitals, imaging centers and cancer treatment centers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover over payments to providers from three to five years. Legislators, regulators and third-party payers may continue to put forth proposals to reduce costs while expanding individual healthcare benefits, including proposals that impose additional limitations on the rates we will be able to charge for our product candidates, if approved, or the amount of reimbursement available for such approved products from governmental agencies or third-party payers. Current and future healthcare reform legislation and policies could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We cannot predict what other health care programs and regulations will ultimately be implemented at the federal or state level or the effect of any future legislation or regulation in the United States may have on our business. There has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over the manner in which drug manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. For example, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 provided that Medicaid statutory rebates will no longer be capped at 100% of average manufacturer price. Elimination of this cap may require pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay more in rebates than it receives on the sale of products, which could have a material impact on our business. Further, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, “Promoting Competition in the American Economy,” with multiple provisions aimed at increasing competition for prescription drugs. In response to this executive order, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue to advance these principles. In August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes prescription drug provisions that 72 have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. Only high-expenditure single-source drugs that have been approved for at least 7 years (11 years for single-source biologics) can qualify for negotiation, with the negotiated price taking effect two years after the selection year. For 2026, the first year in which negotiated prices become effective, CMS selected 10 high-cost Medicare Part D drugs in 2023, negotiations began in 2024, and the negotiated maximum fair price for each drug has been announced. CMS has selected 15 additional Medicare Part D drugs for negotiated maximum fair pricing in 2027. For 2028, up to an additional 15 drugs, which may be covered under either Medicare Part B or Part D, will be selected, and for 2029 and subsequent years, up to 20 additional Part B or Part D drugs will be selected. HHS has and will continue to issue and update guidance as these programs are implemented, although the Medicare drug price negotiation program is currently subject to legal challenges. Various industry stakeholders, including pharmaceutical companies and the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, have initiated lawsuits against the federal government asserting that the price negotiation provisions of the Inflation Reduction Act are unconstitutional. Further, the current administration has issued executive orders focused on decreasing prescription drug prices, including directing the Secretary of Health and Human Services to establish a mechanism through which American patients can buy drugs directly from manufacturers who sell at a most-favored-nation price and directing the U.S. Trade Representative and Secretary of Commerce to take action to ensure foreign countries are not engaged in practices that purposefully and unfairly undercut market prices and drive price hikes in the United States. The One Big Beautiful Bill Act (OBBBA), which was signed into law in July 2025, includes provisions that will impact the U.S. healthcare system in various ways, including by cuts to Medicaid and introducing new participant work and eligibility requirements for Medicaid coverage, which are expected to significantly change the administration and applicability of Medicaid coverage. In November 2025, CMS announced a voluntary initiative called the GENEROUS Model (GENErating cost Reductions Or U.S. Medicaid Model) to introduce the option of most-favored-nation pricing to the Medicaid program, whereby a drug manufacturer may voluntarily offer supplemental rebates to participating state Medicaid programs for a manufacturer’s covered outpatient drugs. Government agreements with pharmaceutical companies and other government measures that use most-favored-nation pricing targets for prescription drugs, including the use of international pricing reference to set drug prices in the United States, or that increase generic and biosimilar drug entry sooner than expected can have a material adverse effect on our industry, ability to set adequate pricing for new drugs to recover research and development costs, ability to attract potential investors and potential buyers in the future. We cannot predict the full impact of the executive orders focused on reducing prescription drug prices or increasing domestic drug manufacturing capacity, or other measures that may be implemented by the current administration related to drug pricing, drug supply chain and manufacturing in the United States. The impact of ongoing and future judicial challenges, as well as future legislative, executive, and administrative actions and agency rules implemented by the current presidential administration on us and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole is unclear. The implementation of cost containment measures, including the prescription drug provisions under the Inflation Reduction Act, as well as other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates if approved. Complying with any new legislation and regulatory changes could be time- intensive and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. At the state level, individual states are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures. For example, a number of states are considering or have recently enacted state drug price transparency and reporting laws that could substantially increase our compliance burdens and expose us to greater liability under such state laws once we begin commercialization after obtaining regulatory approval for any of our products. These measures could reduce the demand for our products, if approved, or impose additional pricing pressures on how much we can charge for our products if approved. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA’s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and post-approval testing and other requirements. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or in other jurisdictions. If we or our collaborators are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we or our collaborators are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our product candidates may lose any marketing approval that may have been obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business. 73 We currently have a limited sales and marketing organization and limited experience in marketing cell therapy products. If we are unable to establish adequate marketing and sales capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third parties to market and sell our product candidates, if approved, we may not be able to generate product revenue. We currently have no sales or distribution capabilities and have limited marketing capabilities and limited experience in marketing cell therapy products. If any of our product candidates ultimately obtains regulatory approval, we, whether alone or with Kite for programs that we commercialize together, may not be able to effectively or successfully market the approved product. For any approved product for which we share co-commercialization and co-promotion responsibilities, we may experience challenges, costs or other issues in having to work together with our collaborators. Our inability to work together to successfully market and sell any such products could have a material adverse effect on our business and overall financial condition. For any approved product for which we retain sales and marketing responsibilities, we must either develop a sales and marketing organization, which would be expensive and time consuming, or outsource these functions to other third parties. In the future, we may choose to build a focused sales and marketing infrastructure to sell, or participate in sales activities with our collaborators for some of our product candidates if and when they are approved. There are risks involved with both establishing our own sales and marketing capabilities and relying on arrangements with third parties to perform these services. For example, recruiting and training a sales force is expensive and time consuming and could delay any product launch. If the commercial launch of a product candidate for which we recruit a sales force and establish marketing capabilities is delayed or does not occur for any reason, we would have prematurely or unnecessarily incurred these commercialization expenses. This may be costly, and our investment would be lost if we cannot retain or reposition our sales and marketing personnel. By relying on third parties for such activities, we may have little or no control over the marketing and sales efforts conducted on our behalf and our revenue from product sales may be lower than if we had commercialized our product candidates in-house. We also face competition in our search for third parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts of our product candidates and may have difficulties maintaining the relationships already established. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop adequate in-house sales and distribution capabilities or establish or maintain successful relationships with third-party collaborators to commercialize any product in the United States or abroad. Failure to comply with health and data protection laws and regulations could lead to government enforcement actions (which could include civil or criminal penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. We may be subject to or affected by laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and security. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including federal and state health information privacy laws, state data breach notification laws, and federal and state consumer protection laws, such as Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act, govern the collection, use, disclosure, transfer and protection of health information and other personal information and could apply to our operations. In addition, we may obtain health information from third parties, including research institutions from which we obtain clinical trial data, that are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA, as amended by HITECH, and its implementing rules and regulations. Depending on the facts and circumstances, we could be subject to criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain, use, or disclose individually identifiable health information maintained by a HIPAA-covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA. In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) took effect in January 2020 and became enforceable in July 2020. The CCPA created new individual privacy rights for California consumers (as the word is broadly defined in the law) and placed increased privacy and security obligations on many organizations that handle personal information of consumers or households. The CCPA requires covered companies to provide disclosures to consumers about such companies’ data collection, use and sharing practices, and to provide such consumers a right to opt-out of certain sales or transfers of personal information, and provides consumers with a new cause of action for certain data breaches. California voters voted to approve the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA) in November 2020, which modified the CCPA significantly, with most modifications effective as of January 1, 2023. Additionally, numerous other states have proposed or enacted laws addressing privacy and security, including several laws imposing obligations similar to those of the CCPA, as well as laws addressing specific subject matter such as Washington’s My Health, My Data Act. For example, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, Connecticut,  Florida, Montana, Oregon, Texas, Delaware, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Tennessee, Indiana, Kentucky, and Rhode Island have all enacted similar legislation. The U.S. federal government also has proposed general privacy legislation, and the U.S. Department of Justice has issued regulations restricting certain bulk sensitive personal information transfers. The CCPA and other new and evolving legislation may increase our compliance costs and potential liability. 74 Compliance with laws and regulations relating to privacy, data protection and security could require us to take on more onerous obligations in our contracts, increase our costs of legal compliance, restrict our ability to collect, use, transfer and disclose data, or in some cases, impact our ability to operate in certain jurisdictions. Failure to comply with such laws and regulations could result in government investigations and/or enforcement actions (which could include civil, criminal, and administrative penalties), private litigation and/or adverse publicity and could negatively affect our operating results and business. Moreover, clinical trial subjects about whom we or our potential collaborators obtain information, as well as the providers who share this information with us, may contractually limit our ability to use, transfer and disclose the information. Claims that we have violated individuals’ privacy rights, failed to comply with laws relating to privacy or data protection, or breached our contractual obligations, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity that could harm our business. A variety of risks associated with seeking regulatory approval for and marketing our product candidates internationally could materially adversely affect our business. We plan to seek regulatory approval of our product candidates outside of the United States and, accordingly, we expect that we will be subject to additional risks related to operating in foreign countries if we obtain the necessary approvals, including: • Differing regulatory requirements in foreign countries, including constraints on manufacturing; • Additional trials in foreign countries; • Requirement to secure and validate region-specific manufacturing and clinical and commercial supply; • Unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers, price and exchange controls and other regulatory requirements; • Economic weakness, including inflation, or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; • Compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; • Foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; • Foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; • Difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; • Workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the United States; • Potential liability under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or comparable foreign regulations; • Challenges enforcing our contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States; • Production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; and • Business interruptions resulting from geo-political actions, including war (including ongoing geopolitical tensions related to the Russia and Ukraine conflict, resulting sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries and retaliatory actions taken by Russia in response to such sanctions, and the war in the Middle East), armed conflict, terrorist activities, global pandemics and terrorism. These and other risks associated with our international operations, including relating to privacy, data protection and security, may materially adversely affect our ability to attain or maintain profitable operations. The European Union system for authorization of medicinal products for human use offers several routes: the centralized procedure, the decentralized procedure, and the mutual recognition procedure, as well as domestic national routes. The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization that is valid for all European Union Member States as well as the European Economic Area (EEA) countries of Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. The centralized procedure is mandatory for certain categories of investigational products, including human products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of certain diseases, including cancer, AIDS, diabetes and neurodegenerative illness; orphan medicinal products; and medicinal products manufactured using biotechnological processes. Applications for marketing authorization for such medicines must be submitted to the European Medicines Agency (EMA), in which the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) is generally responsible for conducting the initial assessment of a product. The decentralized and mutual recognition procedures are applicable to the majority of conventional medicinal products and are both based on the principle of recognition of a marketing authorization by one or more Member States. Any national marketing authorization granted by a European Union Member State’s national authority can be used to support an application for its mutual 75 recognition by other Member States. Marketing authorization applications can also be submitted directly to the Member State’s national competent authority under the national route (if the centralized route is not compulsory). Following Brexit, there are now multiple routes to obtain a marketing authorization in the United Kingdom, Great Britain or Northern Ireland, including national routes and international routes. The application procedure will depend on the relevant procedure chosen. Any delay in obtaining, or an inability to obtain, any marketing approvals, as a result of Brexit or otherwise, may force us to restrict or delay efforts to seek regulatory approval in the United Kingdom for our product candidates, which could significantly and materially harm our business. Further, even after obtaining market authorization, differences in GMP, pharmacovigilance, and other regulatory requirements in different jurisdictions can increase our compliance costs and exposure to potential liability. Inadequate funding and other disruptions for the FDA, the SEC and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels and the ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes and other events that may otherwise affect the FDA’s ability to perform routine functions. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other foreign, federal, state, or local regulatory agencies, such as furloughs or government shutdowns, restrictions due to public health concerns such as the COVID-19 pandemic, travel restrictions, or staffing shortages, may also increase the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. Future shutdowns or other disruptions could also affect other government agencies such as the SEC, which may also impact our business by delaying review of our public filings, to the extent such review is necessary, and our ability to access the public markets. Our business activities may be subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, as well as U.S. and certain foreign export controls, trade sanctions, and import laws and regulations, all of which can subject us to criminal liability and other serious consequences for violations. Our business activities may be subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the FCPA), and similar anti-bribery or anti-corruption laws, regulations or rules of other countries in which we operate. These laws generally prohibit companies and their employees and third-party business partners, representatives and agents from engaging in corruption and bribery, including offering, promising, giving or authorizing the provision of anything of value, either directly or indirectly, to a government official or commercial party in order to influence official action, direct business to any person, gain any improper advantage, or obtain or retain business. The FCPA also requires public companies to make and keep books and records that accurately and fairly reflect the transactions of the corporation and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Our business is heavily regulated and therefore involves significant interaction with government officials, including potentially officials of non-U.S. governments. Additionally, in many countries, healthcare providers are employed by the government, and the purchasers of biopharmaceuticals are government entities. As a result, our dealings with these providers and purchasers are subject to regulation and such healthcare providers and employees of such purchasers may be considered “foreign officials” as defined in the FCPA. Recently, the SEC and the DOJ have increased their FCPA enforcement activities with respect to biotechnology companies. In addition to our own employees, we may in the future leverage third parties to conduct our business abroad, such as obtaining government licenses and approvals. We and our third-party business partners, representatives and agents may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies, state-owned or affiliated entities and we may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our employees, our third-party business partners, representatives and agents, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. There is no certainty that our employees or the employees of our third-party business partners, representatives and agents will comply with all applicable laws and regulations, particularly given the high level of complexity of these laws. Violations of these laws and regulations could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, debarment from U.S. government contracts, substantial diversion of management’s attention, significant legal fees and fines, severe criminal or civil sanctions against us, our officers, or our employees, disgorgement and other sanctions and remedial measures, and prohibitions on the conduct of our business. Any such violations could include prohibitions on our ability to offer our products in one or more countries and could materially damage our reputation, our brand, our international expansion efforts, our ability to attract and retain employees, and our business, prospects, operating results, financial condition and stock price. Furthermore, our products may be subject to U.S. and foreign export controls, trade sanctions and import laws and regulations. Governmental regulation of the import or export of our products, or our failure to obtain any required import or export authorization 76 for our products, when applicable, could harm our business. Moreover, U.S. export control laws and economic sanctions prohibit the provision of certain products and services to countries, governments, and persons targeted by U.S. sanctions. U.S. sanctions that have been or may be imposed as a result of military conflicts in other countries may impact our ability to conduct activities at clinical trial sites within regions covered by such sanctions. For example, as a result of the Russia and Ukraine conflict, the United States and its European allies have imposed sanctions on certain industry sectors and parties in Russia and the regions of Donetsk and Luhansk in Ukraine, as well as enhanced export controls on certain products and industries. These and any additional sanctions and export controls, as well as any economic countermeasures by the governments of Russia or other jurisdictions, could adversely impact our ability to continue activities at clinical trial sites within regions covered by such sanctions or directly or indirectly disrupt our supply chain. If we fail to comply with export and import regulations and such economic sanctions, penalties could be imposed, including fines and/or denial of certain export privileges. Risks Related to Government Regulation We may be unable to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. The denial or delay of any such approval would delay commercialization and have a material adverse effect on our potential to generate revenue, our business and our results of operations. The research, development, testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging, approval, promotion, advertising, storage, record keeping, marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and export and import of drug products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, and by foreign health authorities in other countries. These regulations differ from country to country. In the United States, we are not permitted to market our product candidates until we receive regulatory approval from the FDA. The process of obtaining regulatory approval is expensive, often takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and can vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved, as well as the target indications and patient population. Despite the time and expense invested in clinical development of product candidates, regulatory approval is never guaranteed. To gain approval to market our product candidates, we must provide clinical data that adequately demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product for the intended indication. We have not yet obtained regulatory approval to market any of our product candidates in the United States or any other country. Our business depends upon obtaining these regulatory approvals. The FDA can delay, limit or deny approval of our product candidates for many reasons, including: • Our inability to satisfactorily demonstrate that the product candidates have acceptable safety and efficacy profiles for the requested indication; • The FDA’s disagreement with our trial designs or the interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; • The population studied in the clinical trial may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assess safety in the full population for which we seek approval; • Our inability to demonstrate that clinical or other benefits of our product candidates outweigh any safety or other perceived risks; • The FDA’s determination that additional preclinical or clinical trials are required; • The FDA’s non-approval of the formulation, labeling or the specifications of our product candidates; • The FDA’s failure to accept the manufacturing processes, drug product characteristics or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract; or • The potential for approval policies or regulations of the FDA to significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. Even if we eventually complete clinical testing and receive approval of any regulatory filing for our product candidates, the FDA may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly additional post-approval clinical trials. The FDA may also approve our product candidates for a more limited indication or a narrower patient population than we originally requested, and the FDA may not approve the labeling that we believe is necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates. If FDA requires us to narrow our indications to smaller patient subsets, our market opportunities for our product candidates, if approved, and our ability to generate revenues may be materially limited. To the extent we seek regulatory approval in foreign countries, we may face challenges similar to those described above with regulatory authorities in applicable jurisdictions. Any delay in obtaining, or inability to obtain, applicable regulatory approval for any of our product candidates would delay or prevent commercialization of our product candidates and would materially adversely impact our business, results of operations and prospects. 77 The FDA regulatory approval process is lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable, and we may experience significant delays in the clinical development and regulatory approval of our product candidates or be unable to generate product revenue. We have not previously submitted a BLA to the FDA or similar marketing applications to foreign health authorities. A BLA must include extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to establish the product candidate’s safety, purity and efficacy for each desired indication. The BLA must also include significant information regarding the manufacturing controls for the product. The novel nature of our product candidates may introduce uncertain, complex, expensive and lengthy challenges that could impact regulatory approval. Even if we eventually complete clinical testing and receive approval of any regulatory filing for our product candidates, the FDA or foreign health authorities may approve our product candidates for a more limited indication or a narrower patient population than we originally requested. We may also experience delays in completing planned clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including delays related to: • The availability of financial resources to commence and complete the planned trials; • Reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; • Obtaining approval at each clinical trial site by an IRB or ethics committee; • Recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial; • Enrolling and retaining sufficient number of patients to complete a trial, including post-treatment follow-ups; • Clinical trial sites deviating from trial protocol or dropping out of a trial; • Adding new clinical trial sites; or • Manufacturing sufficient quantities of qualified materials under cGMPs and applying them on a subject by subject basis for use in clinical trials. We could also experience delays in physicians enrolling patients in clinical trials of our product candidates in lieu of prescribing existing treatments or other clinical trials. Furthermore, a clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us, the IRBs for the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, the Data Monitoring Committee for such trial, or by the FDA or foreign health authorities due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site by the FDA or foreign health authorities resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a product candidate, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. If we experience termination of, or delays in the completion of, any clinical trial of our product candidates, the commercial prospects for our product candidates will be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue will be delayed. In addition, any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our product development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenue. Although the FDA has issued and lifted one partial clinical hold, there is no assurance that the FDA will not issue another clinical hold in the future. To the extent FDA issues another clinical hold, addressing a clinical hold takes considerable time and expense and there can be no assurance that the FDA will remove a clinical hold in a timely manner, or at all, in which case our business and prospects for development and approval of anito-cel would be materially harmed. Securing regulatory approval also requires the submission of information about the manufacturing processes and inspection of manufacturing facilities by the relevant regulatory authority. The FDA or foreign health authorities may fail to approve our manufacturing processes or facilities, whether run by us or our CMOs. In addition, if we make manufacturing changes to our product candidates in the future, we may need to conduct additional preclinical and/or clinical studies to bridge our modified product candidates to earlier versions. Many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. Applications for our product candidates could fail to receive regulatory approval for many reasons, including but not limited to the following: • The FDA or foreign health authorities may disagree with the design, implementation or data analyses of our clinical trials; 78 • The FDA or foreign health authorities may determine that our product candidate(s) do not have adequate risk-benefit ratio or have undesirable or unintended side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use; • The population studied in the clinical program may not be sufficiently broad or representative to assure efficacy and safety in the full population for which we seek approval; • The FDA or foreign health authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; • The data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of a BLA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; • The FDA or foreign health authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes, test procedures and specifications or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and • The approval policies or regulations of the FDA or foreign health authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. Further, under the new leadership at the HHS under the current administration, agency reorganization, departures and retirement of high-profile regulators at the FDA, layoffs or reduction in force (RIF) initiatives may impact the normal operations at the FDA as well as other federal agencies. In January 2025, the current administration issued an executive order entitled “Unleashing Prosperity Through Deregulation”, which calls for at least 10 existing regulations to be repealed whenever an executive department or agency publicly proposes for notice and comment or otherwise promulgates a new regulation. Government shutdown, staff departures at the FDA, lapses in government appropriations, and changes in the staffing and resourcing levels at the FDA may impact the FDA’s ability to meet current review, approval, and inspection schedules, which could impact our ongoing correspondence with the FDA, including regarding progression to the next phase of development and could delay our anticipated timelines, which in turn can increase the cost of clinical development for our product candidates. These and other policies may lead to fewer agency guidance documents, which could result in changes to FDA programs or possible delays or refusals to approve products. Further, FDA’s “real-time” release of newly issued Complete Response Letters associated with withdrawn or abandoned applications, if applicable to any of our product candidates, can materially impact our competitive advantage and intellectual property. It is unclear how our industry and our clinical programs will be impacted by policies and regulations implemented under the current administration and the leadership at the FDA, or other executive orders. There is significant uncertainty in the industry and how federal agencies like the FDA will change in the coming years under the current administration. We have or may pursue Fast Track, orphan drug, and/or RMAT designations from the FDA for one or more of our product candidates. Even if one or more of our product candidates receive Fast Track, orphan drug, and/or RMAT designations, we may be unable to obtain and maintain the benefits associated with such designations. These designations may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and will not increase the likelihood that such product candidates will receive marketing approval. We have or may pursue Fast Track, orphan drug, and Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy (RMAT) designations from the FDA for one or more of our product candidates, such as those which have been granted for anito-cel and ACLX-002. Fast Track designation is designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of therapies for serious conditions with an unmet medical need. Programs with Fast Track designation may benefit from early and frequent communications with the FDA, potential priority review and the ability to submit a rolling application for regulatory review. Fast Track designation applies to both the product candidate and the specific indication for which it is being studied. However, if we do not continue to meet the criteria of the Fast Track designation, or if our clinical trials are delayed, suspended or terminated, or put on clinical hold due to unexpected adverse events or issues with clinical supply, we will not receive the benefits associated with the Fast Track program. Furthermore, Fast Track designation does not change the standards for approval. Fast Track designation alone does not guarantee qualification for the FDA’s priority review procedures. Fast track designation also does not guarantee our product candidate will be approved in a timely manner, if at all. Although the FDA has previously issued and lifted one partial clinical hold, there is no assurance the FDA will not issue another clinical hold in the future. Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and Europe, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals annually in the United States. In the European Union, the prevalence of the condition must not be more than 5 in 10,000. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. If a product that has orphan drug designation from the FDA subsequently receives the first FDA approval for a particular active ingredient for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan 79 product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a BLA, to market the same biologic for the same indication, for seven years, except in limited circumstances such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan product exclusivity or if FDA finds that the holder of the orphan exclusivity has not shown that it can ensure the availability of sufficient quantities of the orphan product to meet the needs of patients with the disease or condition for which the product was designated. Even if we or our collaborators obtain orphan designation to a product candidate, we may not be the first to obtain marketing approval for any particular orphan indication due to the uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products. The scope of exclusivity is limited to the scope of any approved indication, even if the scope of the orphan designation is broader than the approved indication. Additionally, exclusive marketing rights may be limited if we or our collaborators seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan designated indication and may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Further, even if a product obtains orphan drug exclusivity, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties can be approved for the same condition.. If we or our collaborators do not receive or maintain orphan drug designation to product candidates for which we seek such designation, it could limit our ability to realize revenues from such product candidates. In view of the court decision in Catalyst Pharms., Inc. v. Becerra , 14 F.4th 1299 (11th Cir. 2021), in January 2023, the FDA published a notice in the Federal Register to clarify that while the agency complies with the court’s order in Catalyst , FDA intends to continue to apply its longstanding interpretation of the regulations to matters outside of the scope of the Catalyst order - that is, the agency will continue tying the scope of orphan-drug exclusivity to the uses or indications for which a drug is approved, which permits other sponsors to obtain approval of a drug for new uses or indications within the same orphan designated disease or condition that have not yet been approved. The Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2026, signed into law in February 2026, codified this longstanding FDA interpretation of the Orphan Drug Act, allowing the FDA to approve multiple versions of the same orphan drug for different subindications and subpopulations. Changes in the leadership of the FDA and other federal agencies under the current administration can result in changes in the funding, operations, and policies of the FDA and other federal agencies, which may impact our clinical development plans and timelines. A company may request RMAT designation of its product candidate, which designation may be granted if the product meets the following criteria: (1) it is a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering product, human cell and tissue product, or any combination product using such therapies or products, with limited exceptions; (2) it is intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and (3) preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such a disease or condition. RMAT designation provides potential benefits that include more frequent meetings with FDA to discuss the development plan for the product candidate, and potential eligibility for rolling review and priority review. Products granted RMAT designation may also be eligible for accelerated approval on the basis of a surrogate or intermediate endpoint reasonably likely to predict long-term clinical benefit, or reliance upon data obtained from a meaningful number of sites, including through expansion to additional sites post-approval, if appropriate. RMAT-designated products that receive accelerated approval may, as appropriate, fulfill their post- approval requirements through the submission of clinical evidence, clinical trials, patient registries, or other sources of real world evidence (such as electronic health records); through the collection of larger confirmatory data sets; or via post-approval monitoring of all patients treated with such therapy prior to approval of the therapy. RMAT designation does not change the standards for product approval, and there is no assurance that any such designation or eligibility will result in expedited review or approval or that the approved indication will not be narrower than the indication covered by the RMAT designation. Additionally, RMAT designation can be revoked if the criteria for eligibility cease to be met as clinical data emerges. On December 29, 2022, the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, including the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act (FDORA), was signed into law. FDORA made several changes to the FDA’s authorities and its regulatory framework, including, among other changes, reforms to the accelerated approval pathway, such as requiring the FDA to specify conditions for post-approval study requirements and setting forth procedures for the FDA to withdraw a product on an expedited basis for non-compliance with post-approval requirements. In March 2023, FDA issued a draft guidance on clinical trial considerations for supporting accelerated approval of oncology therapeutics, noting that although single-arm trials have been commonly used to support accelerated approval, a randomized controlled trial is the preferred approach for more robust efficacy and safety assessment. To the extent FDA requires us to amend the design of our clinical trials or requires additional trials to meet changes in the data requirements for approval, our clinical timelines and approval will be delayed, which can have an adverse effect on our business and operations. We may pursue Breakthrough Therapy designation for one or more of our product candidates in the future. Even if granted by the FDA, such designation may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and it does not increase the likelihood that the product candidate will receive marketing approval. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For drugs that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number 80 of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Drugs designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA are also eligible for priority review if supported by clinical data at the time of the submission of the BLA. Although Breakthrough Designation or access to any other expedited program may expedite the development or approval process, it does not change the standards for approval. We may not experience faster development timelines or achieve faster review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. For example, the time required to identify and resolve issues relating to manufacturing and controls, the acquisition of a sufficient supply of our product for clinical trial purposes or the need to conduct additional nonclinical or clinical trials may delay approval by the FDA, even if the product qualifies for breakthrough designation or access to any other expedited program. Access to an expedited program may also be withdrawn by the FDA if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. Additionally, qualification for any expedited review procedure does not ensure that we will ultimately obtain regulatory approval for such product candidate. If approved, our investigational products regulated as biologics may face competition from biosimilars approved through an abbreviated regulatory pathway. The ACA includes a subtitle called the Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (BPCIA), which created an abbreviated approval pathway for biologic products that are biosimilar to or interchangeable with an FDA-licensed reference biologic product. Under the BPCIA, an application for a biosimilar product may not be submitted to the FDA until four years following the date that the reference product was first licensed by the FDA. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still market a competing version of the reference product if the FDA approves a BLA for the competing product containing the sponsor’s own preclinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity, and potency of the other company’s product. The law is complex and is still being interpreted and implemented by the FDA. As a result, its ultimate impact, implementation, and meaning are subject to uncertainty. We believe that any of our product candidates approved as a biologic product under a BLA should qualify for the 12-year period of exclusivity. However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider our investigational medicines to be reference products for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for generic competition sooner than anticipated. Other aspects of the BPCIA, some of which may impact the BPCIA exclusivity provisions, have also been the subject of recent litigation. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once licensed, will be substituted for any one of our reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biologic products is not yet clear, and will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. If competitors are able to obtain regulatory approval for biosimilars referencing our products, our products may become subject to competition from such biosimilars, with the attendant competitive pressure and consequences. Even if we receive regulatory approval of our product candidates, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates. Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates will require surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The FDA may also require REMS as a condition of approving our product candidates, which could include requirements for a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or foreign health authorities approve our product candidates, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion, import, export and record keeping for our product candidates will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. These requirements include submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration, as well as continued compliance with cGMPs and GCPs for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our product candidates, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in, among other things: • Restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our product candidates, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; • Fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; • Refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals; • Withdrawal of the drug from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; • Adverse publicity, fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; 81 • Product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of our product candidates; and • Injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. The FDA’s and other regulatory authorities’ policies may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or abroad. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. The FDA strictly regulates manufacturers’ promotional claims of drug products. In particular, a drug product may not be promoted by manufacturers for uses that are not approved by the FDA, as reflected in the FDA-approved labeling, although healthcare professionals are permitted to use drug products for off-label uses. The FDA, the DOJ, the Inspector General of the Department of HHS, among other government agencies, actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting manufacturers’ promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including large civil and criminal fines, penalties, and enforcement actions. The FDA has also imposed consent decrees or permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed for companies that engaged in such prohibited activities. If we cannot successfully manage the promotion of our approved product candidates, we could become subject to significant liability, which would materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. Failure to obtain regulatory approval in foreign jurisdictions would prevent our product candidates from being marketed abroad. In addition to regulations in the United States, to market and sell our products in the European Union, many Asian countries and other jurisdictions, we must obtain separate regulatory approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements, both from a clinical and manufacturing perspective. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory or payor authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory or payor authority outside the United States does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. However, a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the product candidate in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. A product candidate that has been approved for sale in a particular country may not receive reimbursement approval in that country. We may not be able to obtain approvals from regulatory authorities or payor authorities outside the United States on a timely basis, if at all. We may also submit marketing applications in other countries, such as countries in Europe or Asia. We may not be able to file for regulatory approvals and may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our products in any jurisdiction. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States have requirements for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale in any jurisdiction, including international markets, and we do not have experience in obtaining regulatory approval in international markets. If we are unable to obtain approval of any of our product candidates by regulatory or payor authorities in the European Union, Asia or elsewhere, or if we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in foreign jurisdictions, the commercial prospects of that product candidate may be significantly diminished, and our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. Even if we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates, we may never obtain approval or commercialize such products outside of the United States, which would limit our ability to realize their full market potential. In order to market any product outside of the United States, we must establish and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries regarding safety and efficacy. Clinical trials conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries, and regulatory approval in one country does not mean that regulatory approval will be obtained in any other country. Approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and validation 82 and additional administrative review periods. Seeking foreign regulatory approvals could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and may require additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, which would be costly and time consuming. Regulatory requirements can vary widely from country to country and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in those countries. Satisfying these and other regulatory requirements is costly, time consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. In addition, our failure to obtain regulatory approval in any country may delay or have negative effects on the process for regulatory approval in other countries. We do not have any product candidates approved for sale in any jurisdiction, including international markets, and we do not have experience in obtaining regulatory approval in international markets. If we fail to comply with regulatory requirements in international markets or fail to obtain and maintain required approvals, our ability to realize the full market potential of our products will be harmed. The impact of recent healthcare reform legislation and other changes in the healthcare industry and in healthcare spending on us is currently unknown, and may adversely affect our business model. Our revenue prospects could be affected by changes in healthcare spending and policy in the United States and abroad. We operate in a highly regulated industry and new laws, regulations or judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations or decisions, related to healthcare availability, the method of delivery or payment for healthcare products and services could negatively impact our business, operations and financial condition. There have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal and state levels directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare, including proposals aimed at lowering prescription drug prices and increasing competition for prescription drugs, as well as additional regulation on pharmaceutical transparency and reporting requirements, any of which could negatively impact our future profitability and increase our compliance burden. We cannot predict the initiatives that may be adopted in the future, including future challenges or significant revisions to the ACA. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare services to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/or impose price controls may adversely affect: • The demand for our product candidates, if we obtain regulatory approval; • Our ability to set a price that we believe is fair for our products; • Our ability to obtain coverage and reimbursement approval for a product; • Our ability to generate revenue and achieve or maintain profitability; • The level of taxes that we are required to pay; and • The availability of capital. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors, which may adversely affect our future profitability. As discussed above, U.S. Supreme Court’s overturn of the Chevron doctrine may invite various stakeholders to bring lawsuits against the FDA to challenge longstanding decisions and policies of the FDA. Further, changes in the leadership of the FDA and other federal agencies under the current presidential administration could result in significant changes in the funding, operations, and/or policies of the federal agencies, which ultimately may impact our clinical development plans and/or timelines. Risks Related to Our Business Global economic, political and market conditions, including downgrades of the U.S. credit rating and inflation, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. The current worldwide economic and financial environment, as well as various social and political tensions in the U.S. and around the world, may contribute to increased market volatility, may have long-term effects on the U.S. and worldwide financial markets and may cause economic uncertainties or deterioration in the U.S. and worldwide. The impact of downgrades by rating agencies to the U.S. government’s sovereign credit rating or its perceived creditworthiness as well as potential government shutdowns could adversely affect the U.S. and global financial markets and economic conditions. U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns have increased the possibility of additional credit-rating downgrades and economic slowdowns, or a recession in the U.S. In addition, disagreement over the federal budget has caused the U.S. federal government to shut down for periods of time. Continued adverse political and economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 83 Various social and political circumstances in the U.S. and around the world (including wars and other forms of conflict, terrorist acts, security operations and catastrophic events such as fires, floods, earthquakes, tornadoes, hurricanes and global health epidemics) may also contribute to increased market volatility and economic uncertainties or deterioration in the U.S. and worldwide and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, the current inflationary environment may materially affect our business and operating results by increasing the costs of our supplies and may drive the U.S. Federal Reserve system to increase interest rates, which in turn may increase our overhead costs. Rising interest rates could make it more difficult to obtain traditional financing on acceptable terms, if at all. Additionally, the general consensus among economists suggests that we should expect a higher recession risk to continue over the next year, which, together with the foregoing, could result in further economic uncertainty and volatility in the capital markets in the near term and, as a result could negatively affect our operations. Furthermore, such economic conditions have produced downward pressure on share prices. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial positions or results of operations to date, additional high inflation could increase our operating costs, including our labor costs and research and development costs. These costs may also be negatively impacted due to supply chain constraints, global geopolitical tensions, worsening macroeconomic conditions and employee availability and wage increases, which may result in additional stress on our working capital. Increases in tariffs could result in increased costs. Changes in United States trade policy, including recently announced tariffs, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and/or results of operations. Changes in United States trade policy, including recently announced tariffs, could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The imposition of retaliatory or new tariffs or increases in existing tariffs on goods imported from countries where we source goods could result in supply chain disruption and/or increased material costs for our product candidates or research activities. If we are unable to mitigate these risks through supply chain adjustments, such as changing vendors, pricing strategies, or other measures could adversely affect our gross margins, business, financial condition and results of operations. Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, may have serious adverse financial consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. As widely reported, global credit and financial markets have experienced volatility and disruptions recently including severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability, and increased inflationary risk. The financial markets and the global economy may also be adversely affected by the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including the Russia and Ukraine conflict, terrorism or other geopolitical events, including the war in the Middle East. Sanctions imposed by the United States and other countries in response to such conflicts, including the one in Ukraine, may also adversely impact the financial markets and the global economy, and any economic countermeasures by the affected countries or others could exacerbate market and economic instability. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, or do not improve, it may make any necessary equity or debt financing more difficult, more costly, and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive these difficult economic times, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. In addition, actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank (SVB) was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, or the FDIC, as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the 84 financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems and governmental stability could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, the impact of inflation and tariffs on the U.S. and/or global economy, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. As of December 31, 2025, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $520.1 million. While we are not aware of any downgrades, material losses, or other significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents and marketable securities since December 31, 2025, no assurance can be given that further deterioration of the global credit and financial markets would not negatively impact our current portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable securities or our ability to meet our financing objectives. Furthermore, our stock price may decline due in part to the volatility of the stock market and the general economic downturn. We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are not successful in attracting and retaining highly qualified personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business strategy. Our ability to compete in the highly competitive biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries depends upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified managerial, scientific and medical personnel. We are highly dependent on our management, scientific and medical personnel. The loss of the services of any of our executive officers, other key employees and other scientific and medical advisors, and an inability to find suitable replacements could result in delays in product development and harm our business. To induce valuable employees to remain at our company, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have provided equity awards in the form of stock options and restricted stock units that vest over time. The value to employees of equity awards that vest over time may be significantly affected by movements in our stock price that are beyond our control, and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. Despite our efforts to retain valuable employees, members of our management, scientific and development teams may terminate their employment or service with us on short notice. Although we have employment agreements with our key employees, these employment agreements provide for at-will employment, which means that any of our employees could leave our employment at any time, with or without notice. Our success also depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate highly skilled junior, mid-level and senior managers as well as junior, mid-level and senior scientific and medical personnel in an extremely competitive market for employees and other service providers. That, in turn, is dependent on our ability to maintain a diverse and inclusive workplace culture that supports individual expression and attracts and retains top talent. We expect to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. As our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, and as we continue our transition into operating as a public company, we expect to need additional research, development, clinical, quality assurance, statistical analysis, managerial, operational, sales, marketing, financial and other personnel, as well as additional facilities to expand our operations, including for in-house manufacturing capabilities. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including: • Identifying, recruiting, integrating, retaining and motivating additional employees and other service providers; • Managing our internal development efforts effectively, including the clinical and FDA review process for our product candidates, while complying with our contractual obligations to contractors and other third parties; and • Improving our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth, and our management may have to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from day-to-day activities in order to devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities, or spend additional resources to add those capabilities or outsource them. We currently rely and for the foreseeable future will continue to rely on certain independent organizations, advisors and/or consultants to provide certain services, including regulatory advice, clinical trial support and drug product manufacturing. There can be no assurance that the services of independent organizations, advisors and consultants will continue to be available to us on a timely basis when needed and at a reasonable cost, or that we can find qualified replacements if the need arises. In addition, if we are unable 85 to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by consultants is compromised for any reason, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated, and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates or otherwise advance our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our existing consultants or find other competent contractors and consultants on economically reasonable terms in a timely manner, or at all. We do intend to transition some regulatory, clinical trial execution, and manufacturing capabilities in-house, but in order to do so, will need to identify, recruit and build experienced teams and there are no assurances that we will be able to do so. If we are not able to effectively expand our organization by hiring new employees and expanding our groups of consultants and contractors, or we are not able to effectively build out new facilities to accommodate this expansion, we may not be able to successfully implement the tasks necessary to further develop and commercialize our product candidates and, accordingly, may not achieve our research, development and commercialization goals. Our internal computer systems and networks, or those used by our third-party CROs, other contractors, consultants or collaborators, may fail or suffer security breaches or incidents, which could result in a material disruption of the development programs of our product candidates. Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and networks and those of our current and future CROs and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to security breaches and incidents, as well as damage, breakdown, interruption, and other failures from computer viruses, ransomware, or other malware, phishing, social engineering, fraudulent inducement, electronic fraud, wire fraud, human error or malfeasance, unauthorized access, natural disasters, telecommunication and electrical failures, and other causes. For example, our employees have received and likely will continue to receive highly convincing phishing or “spoofed” emails to induce them to make payments to fraudulent accounts. These attacks are often personalized, targeting individuals directly to increase their effectiveness. While we have not to date experienced any such material system failure or material security breach or incident, any such event impacting ourselves or our current or future CROs or other contractors or consultants could result in a material disruption of our development programs and our business operations and could lead to the loss of confidential information, financial assets, trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to unauthorized access to or use, modification, unavailability, disclosure, loss, acquisition, or other processing of, or the public exposure of, personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers and others, or confidential information of ourselves or of third parties that we maintain, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. For example, the loss, corruption, or unavailability of clinical trial data from completed or future clinical trials could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Likewise, we currently rely on third parties to manufacture our product candidates and to conduct clinical trials, and similar events relating to their computer systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. Similarly, supply chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners’ supply chains have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems (including our products/services) or the third-party information technology systems that support us and our services. Any disruption or security breach or incident could compromise our networks and systems, or those of our current or future CROs or other contractors or consultants, could result in a loss or unavailability of, or damage to, our data or applications, or unauthorized access to or use, modification, unavailability, disclosure, loss, acquisition, or other processing of, or the public exposure of, personal information (including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers and others, or confidential information of ourselves or of third parties that we maintain, and could result in legal claims or proceedings, regulatory investigations or other proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, mandatory notification and reporting obligations, additional regulatory oversight, significant regulatory penalties and remediation expenses. In addition, these breaches and incidents and other inappropriate access can be difficult to detect, remediate, and otherwise address, and may remain undetected or not fully addressed for an extended period. Any delay in identifying them and responding to or otherwise remediating them may lead to increased harm of the type described above. Geopolitical tensions and conflicts (including the Russia and Ukraine conflict and the conflict in the Middle East) may increase the security risks we and our current or future CROs or other contractors or consultants may face. We expect to continue to expend significant resources to protect against security breaches and incidents and could be required to expend significant amounts to remediate and otherwise respond to security breaches and incidents, including in connection with making notifications to individuals or other persons or implementing additional security measures. With the increase in personnel working remotely, we and our vendors are at increased risk for security breaches and incidents. 86 Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to privacy, data protection, or security. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy, data protection, or security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. Our business operations and current and future relationships with investigators, health care professionals, consultants, third-party payors and customers will be subject, directly or indirectly, to federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, health information privacy and security laws, and other healthcare laws and regulations. If we are unable to comply, or have not fully complied, with such laws, we could face substantial penalties. We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other illegal or detrimental activity by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, vendors and agents acting on behalf of us or our affiliates. Misconduct by these parties could include, without limitation, intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct that fails to: comply with the regulations of the FDA or foreign health authorities; provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA or foreign health authorities; comply with manufacturing standards we have established; comply with healthcare fraud and abuse laws in the United States and similar foreign fraudulent misconduct laws; or report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us; or that negatively reflects on our reputation or business. We will face increasing regulation as we advance our product candidates through clinical trials and pursue commercialization, if approved. If we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our potential exposure under such laws and regulations will increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with such laws and regulations are also likely to increase. Further, in June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court overruled the Chevron doctrine, which gives deference to regulatory agencies’ statutory interpretations in litigation against federal government agencies, such as the FDA, where the law is ambiguous. This landmark Supreme Court decision may invite various stakeholders to bring lawsuits against the FDA and other federal agencies to challenge longstanding decisions and policies, including the FDA’s statutory interpretations of market exclusivities and the “substantial evidence” requirements for drug approvals, which could undermine the agencies’ authority, lead to uncertainty in the industry, and disrupt the agencies’ normal operations. Changes in the leadership of the FDA and other federal agencies under the current presidential administration can result in changes in the funding, operations, and policies of the FDA and other federal agencies, which may impact our clinical development plans and timelines. These laws may impact, among other things, our current activities with principal investigators and research patients, as well as proposed and future sales, marketing and education programs. In particular, the promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services, as well as certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry, are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commission(s), certain customer incentive programs and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical trials. The laws that may affect our ability to operate include, but are not limited to the following: • The federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under a federal healthcare program, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs. • The federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act (FCA), that can be enforced by private citizens through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, prohibit individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. No specific intent to defraud is required under the civil FCA. The criminal FCA provides for criminal penalties for submitting false claims, including imprisonment and criminal fines. • The Civil Monetary Penalty Act of 1981 and implementing regulations, which impose penalties against any person or entity that, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to a federal healthcare program that the person knows or should know is for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent, or offered or transferred remuneration to a federal healthcare beneficiary that a person knows or should know 87 is likely to influence the beneficiary’s decision to order or receive items or services reimbursable by the government from a particular provider or supplier. • The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), which created new federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. • HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (HITECH), and their respective implementing regulations, which impose requirements on certain covered healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses as well as their respective business associates that perform services for them that involve the use, or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information, relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information without appropriate authorization. • The federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act, created under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, collectively, the Affordable Care Act (ACA), and its implementing regulations, which require applicable manufacturers of covered drugs, devices, biologicals and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), non-physician healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners, among others) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. • Additional requirements and regulations applicable to the distribution of pharmaceutical products, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, price reporting, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. Pricing and rebate programs must also comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the U.S. Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and more recent requirements in the ACA. If products are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities also are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. • Federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers. Additionally, we are subject to state and foreign equivalents of each of the healthcare laws described above, among others, some of which may be broader in scope and may apply regardless of the payor. Our board of directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent inappropriate conduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements will comply with applicable healthcare laws may involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental and enforcement authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations or case law interpreting applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and curtailment of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of our product candidates outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, among other foreign laws. We may not realize the benefits of any acquisitions, in-licenses or strategic alliances that we enter into. 88 In the future, we may seek and form strategic alliances, create joint ventures or collaborations, or enter into acquisitions or additional licensing arrangements with third parties that we believe will complement or augment our existing technologies and product candidates, including artificial intelligence, machine learning and other technology-based platforms that may supplement our discovery efforts. These transactions can entail numerous operational and financial risks, including exposure to unknown liabilities, disruption of our business and diversion of our management’s time and attention in order to manage a collaboration or develop acquired products, product candidates or technologies, incurrence of substantial debt or dilutive issuances of equity securities to pay transaction consideration or costs, higher than expected collaboration, acquisition or integration costs, write-downs of assets or goodwill or impairment charges, increased amortization expenses, difficulty and cost in facilitating the collaboration or combining the operations and personnel of any acquired business, impairment of relationships with key suppliers, manufacturers or customers of any acquired business due to changes in management and ownership and the inability to retain key employees of any acquired business. As a result, if we enter into acquisition or in-license agreements or strategic partnerships, we may not be able to realize the benefit of such transactions if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture, which could delay our timelines or otherwise adversely affect our business. We also cannot be certain that, following a strategic transaction or license, we will achieve the revenue or specific net income that justifies such transaction or such other benefits that led us to enter into the arrangement. We may become exposed to costly and damaging product liability claims, either when testing our product candidates in the clinic or at the commercial stage, and our product liability insurance may not cover all damages from such claims. We face an inherent risk of product liability as a result of the clinical testing of our product candidates and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize any products. For example, we may be sued if our product candidates cause or are perceived to cause injury or are found to be otherwise unsuitable during clinical testing, manufacturing, marketing or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability or a breach of warranties. Claims could also be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: • Decreased demand for our product candidates or products that we may develop; • Impairment of our business reputation; • Withdrawal of clinical trial participants; • Initiation of investigations by regulators; • Costs to defend the related litigation; • A diversion of management’s time and our resources; • Substantial monetary awards to trial participants or patients; • Product recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; • Loss of revenue; • Exhaustion of any available insurance and our capital resources; • The inability to commercialize any product candidate; and • A decline in our share price. Failure to obtain or retain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of products we develop, alone or with corporate collaborators. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay such amounts. Even if our agreements with any future corporate collaborators entitle us to indemnification against losses, such indemnification may not be available or adequate should any claim arise. Patients with cancer and other diseases targeted by our product candidates are often already in severe and advanced stages of disease and have both known and unknown significant pre-existing and potentially life- threatening health risks. During the course of treatment, patients may suffer adverse events, including death, for reasons that may be related to our product candidates or course of 89 treatment. Such events could subject us to costly litigation, require us to pay substantial amounts of money to injured patients, delay, negatively impact or end our opportunity to receive or maintain regulatory approval to market our product candidates, or require us to suspend or abandon our commercialization efforts. Even in a circumstance in which we do not believe that an adverse event is related to our product candidates, the investigation into the circumstance may be time-consuming or inconclusive. These investigations may interrupt our sales efforts, delay our regulatory approval process in other countries, or impact and limit the type of regulatory approvals our product candidates receive or maintain. As a result of these factors, a product liability claim, even if successfully defended, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Although we maintain product liability insurance coverage, such insurance may not be adequate to cover all liabilities that we may incur. We may need to increase our insurance coverage each time we commence a clinical trial and if we successfully commercialize any product candidate. As the expense of insurance coverage is increasing, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in an amount adequate to satisfy any liability that may arise. If a successful product liability claim or series of claims is brought against us for uninsured liabilities or in excess of insured liabilities, our assets may not be sufficient to cover such claims and our business operations could be impaired. Changes in tax laws or in their implementation or interpretation may adversely affect our business and financial condition. Recent changes in tax law may adversely affect our business or financial condition. For example, in 2021, there were numerous changes proposed to U.S. federal income tax law, including an increase to the U.S. corporate tax rate, international business operations reform and the imposition of a global minimum tax. If these or similar changes are enacted, our effective tax rate may be adversely impacted in future years. Additionally, many countries, including the United States, and organizations such as the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development are actively considering changes to existing tax laws or have proposed or enacted new laws that could increase our tax obligations in countries where we do business or cause us to change the way we operate our business. Any of these developments or changes in federal, state, or international tax laws or tax rulings could adversely affect our effective tax rate and our operating results. We urge prospective investors in our common stock to consult with their legal and tax advisors with respect to any recently enacted tax legislation, or proposed changes in law, and the potential tax consequences of investing in or holding our common stock. On January 1, 2022, a provision of the legislation commonly known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA) went into effect, eliminating the option to deduct domestic and foreign research and development costs in the year incurred and instead requiring taxpayers to amortize domestic research and development costs over five years and foreign research and development costs over fifteen years. However, the recently enacted legislation H.R. 1, also known as the “One Big Beautiful Bill Act,” which, among other changes to U.S. federal income tax law, permanently suspends the requirement to capitalize and amortize domestic research and development expenditures and permits such deductions on a current basis. Our ability to utilize our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. Under the TCJA, net operating losses arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, can only offset 80% of annual taxable income for tax years beginning after December 31, 2020, but can be carried forward indefinitely. In addition, we will be unable to use our net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards if we do not generate taxable income sufficient to offset our available net operating loss carryforwards and tax credit carryforwards prior to their expiration. We have incurred substantial losses during our history and do not expect to become profitable in the near future and we may never achieve profitability. To the extent that we continue to generate taxable losses, unused losses will carry forward to offset future taxable income, if any, until such unused losses expire, except as described below. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, if a corporation undergoes an “ownership change” (generally defined as a greater than 50% change (by value) by 5-percent shareholders in its equity ownership over a three-year period), the corporation’s ability to use its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards and other pre-change tax attributes (including tax credit carryforwards) to offset its post-change taxable income may be limited. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. As a result of our most recent private placements, our initial public offering, and other transactions that have occurred over the past three years, we experienced such an “ownership change.” We performed an ownership change study as of December 31, 2023 and we determined that certain net operating losses and research and developments tax credits for both federal and state purposes were severely limited and therefore we removed a significant amount of net operating losses and research and development tax credits from our deferred tax assets. In the future, we may experience additional ownership changes from future offerings or other changes in the ownership of our stock that could further limit the amount of net operating losses or other tax attributes presented in our financial statements. In addition, California has recently enacted a temporary suspension on the use of state net operating loss carryforwards for certain businesses, which may adversely affect our company if it earns taxable income in the impacted tax years. Other state tax limitations may apply. 90 Our business may be significantly adversely affected if events out of our control disrupt our business or that of our third-party providers. Our business could be significantly adversely affected by business disruptions to us or our third-party providers that could seriously harm our potential future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Our operations, and those of our CROs, CMOs, and other contractors, consultants, and third parties could be subject to global pandemics (such as the COVID-19 pandemic), other geopolitical uncertainty and instability (including the Russia and Ukraine conflict and the conflict in the Middle East), earthquakes, power shortages, telecommunications failures, water shortages, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, medical epidemics and other natural or man-made disasters or business interruptions, for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these business disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. We rely on third-party manufacturers to produce and process our product candidates. Our ability to obtain clinical supplies of our product candidates could be disrupted if the operations of these suppliers are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. While the extent of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and financial results to date was limited, the lasting effects of the pandemic on the drug development industry remains uncertain. Another prolonged public health crisis could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition and operating results. We have experienced and may in the future experience disruptions from public health emergencies to our business in a number of ways, including: • Delays in supply chain and manufacturing, including the closure of apheresis collection centers, suspension of cell transport, limitations on transfer of technology, shutdown of manufacturing facilities and delays in delivery of supplies and reagents; • Delays in discovery and preclinical efforts; • Changes to procedures or shut down, or reduction in capacity, of clinical trial sites due to limited availability of clinical trial staff, reduced number of inpatient intensive care unit beds for patients receiving cell therapies, diversion of healthcare resources away from clinical trials and other business considerations; • Limited patient access, enrollment and participation due to travel restrictions and safety concerns, as well as housing and travel difficulties for out of town patients and relatives; and • Changes in regulatory and other requirements for conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials during the pandemic. To the extent there is another pandemic, public health emergency, or other national or global event that causes disruption to our business, we may be required to develop and implement additional clinical trial policies and procedures designed to help protect subjects in our trials, such as the COVID-19 guidance documents issued by FDA during the COVID-19 public health emergency. If another public health emergency or other national or global event were to occur, or if the government promulgates new policies and regulatory requirements, or in light of rapid changes in laws, governance, and political climate resulting from the recent change in administration in the U.S., our clinical development plans and normal operations may be disrupted, which can have a material adverse effect on our people and our business, including our expected costs, margins, runway and profitability. If we fail to establish and maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting, our operating results and our ability to operate our business could be harmed. Ensuring that we have adequate internal financial and accounting controls and procedures in place so that we can produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis is a costly and time-consuming effort that needs to be evaluated frequently. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. We document, review, and work to improve our internal controls and procedures for compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires annual management assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We continue to evaluate our current needs and may recruit additional finance and accounting personnel to meet such requirements. Implementing any appropriate changes to our internal controls may distract our officers and employees, entail substantial costs to modify our existing processes, and take significant time to complete. These changes may not, however, be effective in maintaining the adequacy of our internal controls, and any failure to maintain that adequacy, or consequent inability to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis, could increase our operating costs and harm our business. We may discover weaknesses in our system of internal financial and accounting controls and procedures that could result in a material misstatement of our consolidated financial statements. Our internal controls over financial reporting will not prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system’s objectives will be met. 91 Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud will be detected. If we are not able to comply with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner, or if we are unable to maintain proper and effective internal controls over financial reporting, we may not be able to produce timely and accurate financial statements. If that were to happen, our investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, the market price of our stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities. In addition, investors’ perceptions that our internal controls are inadequate or that we are unable to produce accurate financial statements on a timely basis may harm our stock price and make it more difficult for us to effectively market and sell our service to new and existing customers. If we are unable to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, our business, financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected. We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. We designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reasonably assure that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the facts that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Artificial intelligence presents risks and challenges that can impact our business, including by posing security risks to our confidential information, proprietary information and personal data. Issues in the development and use of artificial intelligence, combined with an uncertain regulatory environment, may result in reputational harm, liability, or other adverse consequences to our business operations. As with many technological innovations, artificial intelligence presents risks and challenges that could impact our business. We may adopt and integrate generative artificial intelligence tools into our systems for specific use cases reviewed by legal and information security. A growing number of legislators and regulators are adopting laws and regulations and have focused enforcement efforts on the adoption of artificial intelligence, and use of such technologies in compliance with ethical standards and societal expectations. For example, the EU’s Artificial Intelligence Act (“AI Act”) imposes significant obligations on providers and deployers of artificial intelligence systems, and encourages providers and deployers of artificial intelligence systems to account for EU ethical principles in their development and use of these systems. Likewise, in the U.S., several states, including Colorado and California, passed laws to regulate various uses of artificial intelligence, including to make consequential decisions. In addition, various federal regulators have issued guidance and focused enforcement efforts on the use of artificial intelligence in regulated sectors. The FDA, for example, issued guidance on the use of artificial intelligence in medical devices, requiring detailed risk management and review processes to obtain approvals. If we develop or use artificial intelligence systems governed by these laws or regulations, we will need to apply significant resources to design, develop, test and maintain such systems in accordance with applicable law and regulation, with the potential for significant enforcement or litigation in the event of any perceived non-compliance. Our vendors may also incorporate generative artificial intelligence tools into their offerings and the providers of these generative artificial intelligence tools may not meet existing or rapidly evolving regulatory or industry standards with respect to privacy and data protection and may inhibit our or our vendors’ ability to maintain an adequate level of service and experience. If we, our vendors, or our third-party partners experience an actual or perceived breach or privacy or security incident because of the use of generative artificial intelligence, we may lose valuable intellectual property and confidential information and our reputation and the public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed. Further, bad actors around the world use increasingly sophisticated methods, including the use of artificial intelligence, to engage in illegal activities involving the theft and misuse of personal information, confidential information, and intellectual property. Any of these outcomes could damage our reputation, result in the loss of valuable property and information, and adversely impact our business. Risks Related to Reliance on Third Parties 92 We rely, and will continue to rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. If these third parties do not properly and successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize our product candidates. We do not have the ability to conduct all aspects of our preclinical testing or clinical trials ourselves. We depend and will depend upon independent investigators and collaborators, such as medical institutions, CROs, CMOs and strategic partners to conduct our preclinical studies and clinical trials under agreements with us. For example, Kite initiated our iMMagine-3 trial and in collaboration with Kite, we plan to continue to enroll more patients into additional clinical trials. We expect to negotiate budgets and contracts with CROs, trial sites and CMOs, which may result in delays to our development timelines and increased costs. We will rely heavily on these third parties over the course of our clinical trials, and we control only certain aspects of their activities. As a result, we have less direct control over the conduct, timing and completion of these clinical trials and the management of data developed through clinical trials than would be the case if we were relying entirely upon our own staff. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our studies is conducted in accordance with applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and these third parties are required to comply with GCPs, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA or foreign health authorities for product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCPs through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of these third parties fail to comply with applicable GCP regulations, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or foreign health authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, such regulatory authorities will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with the GCP regulations. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with biologic products produced under cGMP regulations and may require a significant number of test patients. Our failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations or to recruit a sufficient number of patients may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process. Moreover, our business may be implicated if any of these third parties violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. Any third parties conducting our clinical trials are not and will not be our employees and, except for remedies available to us pursuant to our agreements with such third parties, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to such trials. These third parties may also have relationships with other commercial entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to complete development of, obtain regulatory approval of or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. If any of our relationships with these third parties terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative providers or do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding third parties to conduct our clinical trials involves substantial cost and requires extensive management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new third party commences work. As a result, delays may occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. We rely and expect to continue to rely on third parties to manufacture our clinical product supplies and clinical candidates, and we may rely on third parties for at least a portion of the manufacturing process of our product candidates, if approved. Our business could be harmed if those third parties fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of product supplies or product candidates or fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices. We do not currently own any facility that may be used as a clinical-scale manufacturing and processing facility, and we rely on outside vendors and collaborators to manufacture supplies and process our product candidates. For example, in connection with our collaboration with Kite, Kite will manufacture anito-cel for iMMagine-3. For certain of our components or product candidates, we rely on single suppliers or manufacturers to supply or manufacture, but we plan to expand the number of suppliers and manufacturers as we advance our product candidates through clinical development. Our product candidates are not yet manufactured or processed on a commercial scale and we may remain unable to do so for any of our product candidates. Although in the future we may develop our own manufacturing facilities, we may also continue to use third parties as part of our manufacturing processes and may, in any event, never be successful in developing our own manufacturing facilities. Our anticipated reliance on third-party manufacturers exposes us to the following risks: 93 • We may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of potential manufacturers is limited and the FDA must inspect any manufacturers for current cGMP. • Non-compliance of our third-party manufacturers with requirements of our marketing application(s). In addition, a new manufacturer would have to be educated in, or develop substantially equivalent processes for, the production of our product candidates. • Third-party manufacturers may have little or no experience with our product candidates, and therefore may require a significant amount of support from us in order to implement and maintain the infrastructure and processes required to manufacture our product candidates. • Third-party manufacturers might be unable to timely manufacture our product candidates or produce the quantity and quality required to meet our clinical and commercial needs, if any. • Third-party manufacturers may not be able to execute our manufacturing procedures and other logistical support requirements appropriately. • Third-party manufacturers may not perform as agreed, may not devote sufficient resources to our product candidates or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to supply our clinical trials or to successfully produce, store, and distribute our products, if any. • Manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. We do not have control over third party manufacturers’ compliance with these regulations and standards. • We may not own, or may have to share, the intellectual property rights to any improvements made by our third-party manufacturers in the manufacturing processes for our product candidates. • Our third-party manufacturers could breach or terminate their agreements with us, and we may be required to pay fees upon suspension or termination of the agreement even if the manufacturers do not deliver adequate supply of the product candidates or their components. •

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials are subject to unique contamination risks, their use may be restricted in some countries. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product candidate, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of a clinical trial or marketing of a product in those countries. Certain countries outside of the United States have a similar approval process that requires the submission of a clinical trial application (CTA), much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials in the United States. In the European Union, for example, a CTA must be submitted through the Clinical Trials Information System (CTIS) pursuant to Regulation (EU) 536/2014 (the Clinical Trials Regulation, or CTR,) for each clinical trial for coordinated assessment by the relevant member state, including a review by its competent authority and the applicable independent ethics committee, much like the FDA and an IRB, respectively. Once the CTA is approved in accordance with the EU and member state requirements, the corresponding clinical trial may proceed. The requirements and process governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In the European Union, certain innovative medicinal products are subject to joint clinical assessments under Regulation (EU) 2021/2282 on health technology assessment and are conducted in parallel with the centralized marketing authorization procedure. The regulation, which became applicable in January 2025 currently applies only to few categories of medicinal products such as new medicines for the treatment of cancer, but it will be expanded in stages in the coming years. In all cases, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP requirements, applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. European Union Drug Development Similar to the United States, the various phases of preclinical and clinical research in the European Union are subject to significant regulatory controls. The conduct of clinical trials in the European Union is governed by the CTR, which establishes a harmonized and directly applicable legal framework across all EU Member States. Before a clinical trial may be initiated in the European Union, the sponsor must submit a CTA under the CTR framework, and authorization must be obtained in accordance with applicable EU and Member State requirements. Sponsors must submit a single electronic application dossier through the CTIS. The application is divided into: • Part I : Scientific and technical aspects (e.g., investigational medicinal product dossier (IMPD), investigator’s brochure, risk-benefit assessment, trial design, manufacturing and quality data including GMP compliance). • Part II : National and ethical aspects (e.g., informed consent forms, recruitment arrangements, investigator suitability, compensation, data protection compliance). One reporting Member State coordinates the scientific assessment (Part I), with input from other concerned Member States. Each Member State independently assesses Part II. A trial may commence in a Member State only after a positive decision covering both Parts I and II has been issued. For cell therapy companies, particular focus areas include GMP-compliant manufacturing of cellular products, traceability, handling of human tissues and cells throughout the product lifecycle, and pharmacovigilance systems capable of meeting the reporting timelines for serious adverse events and suspected unexpected serious adverse reactions (SUSARs) during clinical trials. Sponsors conducting clinical trials in the European Union are subject to ongoing regulatory oversight and must comply with safety reporting requirements, seek approval for substantial modifications, and fulfill transparency and other regulatory obligations throughout the lifecycle of the clinical trial. Complying with regulatory requirements can incur significant costs, and may have an impact on our clinical development plans. Failure to comply with applicable EU clinical trial requirements may result in administrative measures, suspension or termination of clinical trials, or other regulatory enforcement actions. 48 E.U. Drug Review and Approval In the European Economic Area (EEA), which is comprised of the 27 Member States of the European Union and three countries of the European Free Trade Association (Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway) medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a Marketing Authorization (MA). There are two types of Marketing Authorizations: • The Centralized MA is issued by the European Commission through the Centralized Procedure, based on the opinion of the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP), of the European Medicines Agency (EMA), and is valid throughout the entire territory of the EEA. The Centralized Procedure is mandatory for certain types of products, such as biotechnology medicinal products, orphan medicinal products, advanced-therapy medicines such as gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines and medicinal products containing a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV, AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative disorders, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. The Centralized Procedure is optional for products containing a new active substance, or for products that constitute a significant therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation or for products that are in the interest of public health in the European Union. • National MAs, which are issued by the competent authorities of the Member States of the EEA and only cover their respective territory, are available for products not falling within the mandatory scope of the Centralized Procedure. Where a product has already been authorized for marketing in a Member State of the EEA, this National MA can be recognized in other Member States through the Mutual Recognition Procedure. If the product has not received a National MA in any Member State at the time of application, it can be approved simultaneously in various Member States through the Decentralized Procedure. Under the Decentralized Procedure an identical dossier is submitted to the competent authorities of each of the Member States in which the MA is sought, one of which is selected by the applicant as the Reference Member State (RMS). The competent authority of the RMS prepares a draft assessment report, a draft summary of the product characteristics (SPC) and a draft of the labeling and package leaflet, which are sent to the other Member States (referred to as the Member States Concerned) for their approval. If the Member States Concerned raise no objections, based on a potential serious risk to public health, to the assessment, SPC, labeling or packaging proposed by the RMS, the product is subsequently granted a national MA in all the Member States (i.e., in the RMS and the Member States Concerned). Under the above described procedures, before granting the MA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the member states of the EEA make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. PRIME Designation in the E.U. In March 2016, the EMA launched the PRIority MEdicines (PRIME) scheme to encourage drug development in areas of unmet medical need, hence for which no treatment option exists, or where new options can offer a major therapeutic advantage over existing treatments. The EMA has periodically refined the operational aspects of the PRIME scheme through updated guidance and procedural practices, including structured early interactions and submission-readiness support. Products from small- and medium-sized enterprises may qualify for earlier entry into the PRIME scheme than larger companies. Many benefits accrue to sponsors of product candidates with PRIME designation, including but not limited to, early and proactive regulatory dialogue with the EMA, frequent discussions on clinical trial designs and other development program elements, and the possibility of an accelerated assessment of a marketing authorization application, where applicable,  once a dossier has been submitted. Importantly, a dedicated EMA contact and rapporteur from CHMP or the Committee for Advanced Therapies are appointed early in the PRIME scheme facilitating increased understanding of the product at the EMA’s Committee level. A kick-off meeting initiates these relationships and includes a team of multidisciplinary experts at the EMA to provide guidance on the overall development and regulatory strategies. 49 Orphan Drug Designation and Exclusivity Regulation (EC) No. 141/2000 and Regulation (EC) No. 847/2000 provide that a product can be designated as an orphan drug by the European Commission if its sponsor can establish: that the product is intended for the diagnosis, prevention or treatment of (1) a life threatening or chronically debilitating condition affecting not more than five in ten thousand persons in the European Union when the application is made, or (2) a life threatening, seriously debilitating or serious and chronic condition in the European Union and that without incentives it is unlikely that the marketing of the drug in the European Union would generate sufficient return to justify the necessary investment. For either of these conditions, the applicant must demonstrate that there exists no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of the condition in question that has been authorized in the European Union or, if such method exists, the drug will be of significant benefit to those affected by that condition. An orphan drug designation provides a number of benefits, including fee reductions, regulatory assistance, and the possibility to apply for a centralized European Union marketing authorization. Marketing authorization for an orphan drug leads to a ten-year period of market exclusivity. During this market exclusivity period, neither the EMA nor the European Commission or the member states can accept an application or grant a marketing authorization for a “similar medicinal product.” A “similar medicinal product” is defined as a medicinal product containing a similar active substance or substances as contained in an authorized orphan medicinal product, and which is intended for the same therapeutic indication. The market exclusivity period for the authorized therapeutic indication may, however, be reduced to six years if, at the end of the fifth year, it is established that the product no longer meets the criteria for orphan drug designation because, for example, the product is sufficiently profitable not to justify market exclusivity. Additionally, pursuant to a recent legislative reform initiative of the pharmaceutical framework, for which a provisional political agreement has been reached between the European Parliament and the Council in December of 2025, exclusivity for new orphan medicinal products will likely run nine years (as opposed to the current 10 years), while "breakthrough" orphan medicinal products addressing diseases with no existing treatments can benefit from up to 11 years of market exclusivity. The final legislative text has not yet been published, however, and remains subject to formal adoption, entry into force and transitional arrangements. U.S. Coverage and Reimbursement Sales of our products will depend, in part, on the extent to which our products will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists. Accordingly, decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided for any of our products will be made on a payor-by-payor basis. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. The United States government, state legislatures, and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. For example, the ACA contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products through increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies’ share of sales to federal health care programs. Adoption of general controls and measures, coupled with the tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for pharmaceutical drugs. The Medicaid Drug Rebate Program requires pharmaceutical manufacturers to enter into and have in effect a national rebate agreement with the Secretary of the HHS as a condition for states to receive federal matching funds for the manufacturer’s outpatient drugs furnished to Medicaid patients. The ACA made several changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, including increasing pharmaceutical manufacturers’ rebate liability by raising the minimum basic Medicaid rebate on most branded prescription drugs from 15.1% of average manufacturer price (AMP), to 23.1% of AMP and adding a new rebate calculation for “line extensions” (i.e., new formulations, such as extended release formulations) of solid oral dosage forms of branded products, as well as potentially impacting their rebate liability by modifying the statutory definition of AMP. The ACA also expanded the universe of Medicaid utilization subject to drug rebates by requiring pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay rebates on Medicaid managed care utilization and by enlarging the population potentially eligible for Medicaid drug benefits. The CMS has proposed to expand Medicaid rebate liability to the territories of the United States as well. The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (MMA), established the Medicare Part D program to provide a voluntary prescription drug benefit to Medicare beneficiaries. Under Part D, Medicare beneficiaries may enroll in prescription drug plans offered by private entities that provide coverage of outpatient prescription drugs. Unlike Medicare Part A and B, Part D coverage is not standardized. While all Medicare drug plans must give at least a standard level of coverage set by 50 Medicare, Part D prescription drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs, and each drug plan can develop its own drug formulary that identifies which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. However, Part D prescription drug formularies must include drugs within each therapeutic category and class of covered Part D drugs, though not necessarily all the drugs in each category or class. Any formulary used by a Part D prescription drug plan must be developed and reviewed by a pharmacy and therapeutic committee. Government payment for some of the costs of prescription drugs may increase demand for products for which we receive marketing approval. However, any negotiated prices for our products covered by a Part D prescription drug plan likely will be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain. Moreover, while the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in payment that results from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from non-governmental payors. For a drug product to receive federal reimbursement under the Medicaid or Medicare Part B programs, or to be sold directly to U.S. government agencies, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities eligible to participate in the 340B drug pricing program. The required 340B discount on a given product is calculated based on the AMP and Medicaid rebate amounts reported by the manufacturer. There has been heightened governmental scrutiny recently over the manner in which drug manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. For example, under the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 provided that Medicaid statutory rebates will no longer be capped at 100% of average manufacturer price. Elimination of this cap may require pharmaceutical manufacturers to pay more in rebates than it receives on the sale of products, which could have a material impact on our business. In August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which includes prescription drug provisions that have significant implications for the pharmaceutical industry and Medicare beneficiaries, including allowing the federal government to negotiate a maximum fair price for certain high-priced single source Medicare drugs, imposing penalties and excise tax for manufacturers that fail to comply with the drug price negotiation requirements, requiring inflation rebates for all Medicare Part B and Part D drugs, with limited exceptions, if their drug prices increase faster than inflation, and redesigning Medicare Part D to reduce out-of-pocket prescription drug costs for beneficiaries, among other changes. Only high-expenditure single-source drugs that have been approved for at least 7 years (11 years for single-source biologics) can qualify for negotiation, with the negotiated price taking effect two years after the selection year. For 2026, the first year in which negotiated prices become effective, CMS selected 10 high-cost Medicare Part D drugs in 2023, negotiations began in 2024, and the negotiated maximum fair price for each drug has been announced. CMS has selected 15 additional Medicare Part D drugs for negotiated maximum fair pricing in 2027. For 2028, up to an additional 15 drugs, which may be covered under either Medicare Part B or Part D, will be selected, and for 2029 and subsequent years, up to 20 additional Part B or Part D drugs will be selected. Further, the current administration has issued executive orders focused on decreasing prescription drug prices, including directing the Secretary of HHS to establish a mechanism through which American patients can buy drugs directly from manufacturers who sell at a most-favored-nation price and directing the U.S. Trade Representative and Secretary of Commerce to take action to ensure foreign countries are not engaged in practices that purposefully and unfairly undercut market prices and drive price hikes in the United States. In November 2025, CMS announced a voluntary initiative called the GENEROUS Model (GENErating cost Reductions Or U.S. Medicaid Model) to introduce the option of most-favored-nation pricing to the Medicaid program, whereby a drug manufacturer may voluntarily offer supplemental rebates to participating state Medicaid programs for a manufacturer’s covered outpatient drugs. Government agreements with pharmaceutical companies and other government measures that use most-favored-nation pricing targets for prescription drugs, including the use of international pricing reference to set drug prices in the United States, or that increase generic and biosimilar drug entry sooner than expected can have a material adverse effect on our industry, ability to set adequate pricing for new drugs to recover research and development costs, ability to attract potential investors and potential buyers in the future. The impact of these regulations and any future healthcare measures and agency rules implemented by the current presidential administration on us and the pharmaceutical industry as a whole is currently unknown. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates if approved. Complying with any new legislation and regulatory changes could be time-intensive and expensive, resulting in a material adverse effect on our business. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. For example, a number of states are considering or have recently enacted state drug price transparency and reporting laws that could substantially increase our compliance burdens and expose us to greater liability under such state laws once we begin commercialization. These and other health reform measures that are implemented may have a material adverse effect on our operations. 51 As noted above, the marketability of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. There is an increasing emphasis on cost containment measures in the United States with respect to healthcare costs and prescription drug prices and we expect it will continue to increase and exert greater pressure on pharmaceutical pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. We are unable to predict the future course of federal or state healthcare legislation in the United States directed at broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. These and any further changes in the law or regulatory framework could reduce our ability to generate revenue in the future or increase our costs, either of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies, managed care organizations, and other payers of healthcare services and medical products to contain or reduce costs of healthcare and/or impose price controls may adversely affect the demand for our product candidates, if approved, and our ability to achieve or maintain profitability. In addition, in most foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement, in order to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product in the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally, prices tend to be significantly lower. Employees and Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, we had 209 full-time employees, 133 of whom were engaged in research and development activities. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or covered under a collective bargaining agreement. Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and new employees, advisors and consultants. The principal purposes of our equity and cash incentive plans are to attract, retain and reward personnel through the granting of stock-based and cash-based compensation awards, in order to increase stockholder value and the success of our company by motivating such individuals to perform to the best of their abilities and achieve our objectives. Corporate Information We were incorporated in Delaware in December 2014 under the name “Encarta Therapeutics, Inc.” and subsequently changed our name to “Arcellx, Inc.” Our principal executive offices are located at 800 Bridge Parkway, Redwood City, California 94065. Our telephone number is (240) 327-0630. Our website address is www.arcellx.com. Available Information Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and other filings with the SEC, and all amendments to these filings, can be obtained free of charge from our website at www.arcellx.com following our filing of any of these reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. The contents of these and other websites referenced throughout the filing are not incorporated and do not constitute a part of this filing. Further, the Company’s references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. We have used, and intend to continue to use, our investor relations website, press releases, public conference calls, and webcasts to disclose material non-public information and to comply with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. 52

