TICKER: ADMA
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain and production operations; ● our implemented strategy related to the expansion and efficiencies of our manufacturing capacity, yield improvements, supply-chain robustness, in-house fill-finish capabilities, distribution and other collaborative agreements and the success of such endeavors; ● our estimates regarding revenues, certain non-GAAP financial measures (i.e., financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”)), earnings, expenses, capital requirements, capital expenditures, ASCENIV’s growth, demand and utilization, ability to maintain profitability and positive cash flows and the potential need for and availability of additional financing; ● ASCENIV’s real-world outcomes data and payer coverage; ● our ability to timely realize the revenue and earnings benefits associated with our FDA approved yield enhancement production process; ● our ability to realize our deferred tax assets or the need for a valuation allowance, or the effects of changes in tax laws on our deferred tax assets; ● our estimates of future taxable income, which could have a material impact on our financial condition or financial results; ● our estimates of future effective tax rates and corresponding tax obligations and expenses, which could have a material impact on our financial condition or financial results; ● possible or likely reimbursement levels for our currently marketed products; ● estimates regarding market size, projected growth and sales of our existing products as well as our expectations of market acceptance of ASCENIV and BIVIGAM; 2 Table of Contents ● intended uses and benefits of the recently acquired real estate in Boca Raton, FL; ● the recent refinancing of our senior credit facility; ● the recently announced divestiture of three of our plasma collection centers, including the timing for closing such transaction and expected financial and operational benefits; ● the potential for pandemics, or a resurgence of a pandemic, to adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity or results of operations; and ● future domestic and global economic conditions including, but not limited to, supply chain constraints, inflationary pressures or performance or geopolitical conditions, including the continuing conflicts in Europe, certain countries in South America, Northern Africa and in the Middle East and surrounding areas, and international trade and U.S. tariff policies and any anticipated effects of such factors on the pricing and availability of imported raw materials used in the production of our products. In addition to the foregoing, you should also consider carefully the statements under the section entitled “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and their compliance with applicable regulatory requirements; ● our belief that we have addressed the delays experienced with final drug product current Good

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturer an annual minimum volume of source plasma containing antibodies to RSV to be used in the manufacture of ASCENIV. We must purchase a to-be-determined and agreed upon annual minimum volume from the counterparty, and under the original 2011 Plasma Purchase Agreement we were permitted to also collect high-titer plasma from up to five wholly owned ADMA plasma collection facilities. During 2015, we amended the 2011 Plasma Purchase Agreement to (i) allow us to collect our raw material high-titer plasma from any number of wholly owned ADMA plasma collection facilities and (ii) allow us to purchase our raw material high-titer plasma from other third-party collection organizations, in each case, provided that the annual minimum volumes from our former contract manufacturer were met, thus allowing us to expand our reach for raw material supply as we execute our commercialization plans for ASCENIV. In December 2018, our former contract manufacturer assigned its rights and obligations under the 2011 Plasma Purchase Agreement to Grifols Worldwide Operations Limited (“Grifols”) as its successor-in-interest, effective January 2019. Effective October 1, 2024, we entered into an Amended and Restated Plasma Purchase Agreement with Grifols (the “A&R Grifols Agreement”) with a term expiring in September 2039, after which it may be renewed for two additional multi-year periods if agreed to by the parties. Pursuant to the A&R Grifols Agreement, Grifols supplies, on a non-exclusive basis, to ADMA BioManufacturing a minimum of 35,000 liters of RSV plasma annually to be used in the manufacture of ASCENIV, with an escalating price per liter depending on the volume supplied in a given 12-month period, with a minimum annual price increase every 12 months. Additionally, Grifols will be entitled to receive a fixed bonus payment in the event that a specified liter amount of high-titer plasma is supplied to us in any 12-month period during the term of the A&R Grifols Agreement. Effective August 6, 2024, we entered into a Plasma Purchase Agreement with KEDPlasma LLC (“KEDPlasma”) with a term expiring in July 2031, after which it may be renewed for an additional multi-year period if agreed to by the parties (the “KEDPlasma Agreement”). Pursuant to the KEDPlasma Agreement, KEDPlasma supplies, on a non-exclusive basis, to ADMA BioManufacturing a minimum of 35,000 liters of RSV plasma annually commencing with the 12-month period ending July 31, 2026, with an escalating price per liter depending on the volume supplied in a given 12-month period. The price per liter of high-titer plasma supplied pursuant to the KEDPlasma Agreement is also scheduled to increase on an annual basis. Additionally, KEDPlasma will be entitled to receive a fixed bonus payment in the event that a specified liter amount of RSV plasma is supplied to us in any 12-month period during the term of the KEDPlasma Agreement. The A&R Grifols Agreement, the KEDPlasma Agreement, our other plasma agreements with third parties and ADMA’s collection centers should allow us to source high-titer plasma from approximately 280+ collection centers in the U.S. 13 Table of Contents In June 2017, we entered into a Plasma Supply Agreement with our former contract manufacturer, pursuant to which the counterparty supplies, on an exclusive basis subject to certain exceptions, to ADMA BioManufacturing an annual minimum volume of hyperimmune plasma that contain antibodies to the Hepatitis B virus for the manufacture of Nabi-HB. The Plasma Supply Agreement has a ten-year term. In July 2018, the Plasma Supply Agreement was amended to provide, among other things, that in the event the counterparty elects not to supply in excess of ADMA BioManufacturing’s specified amount of Hepatitis B plasma and ADMA BioManufacturing is unable to secure Hepatitis B plasma from a third party at a price which is within a low double digit percentage of the price which ADMA BioManufacturing pays to the counterparty, then the counterparty shall reimburse ADMA BioManufacturing for the difference in price ADMA BioManufacturing incurs. In December 2018, our former contract manufacturer assigned its rights and obligations under the Plasma Supply Agreement to Grifols, effective January 2019. Sales and Commercialization of Our Products Currently, ASCENIV, BIVIGAM and Nabi-HB are sold primarily through independent distributors, drug wholesalers acting as sales agents, specialty pharmacies servicing both acute and ambulatory infusion centers and the home health infusion setting and other alternate site providers. In the U.S., independent distributors or third-party drug wholesalers ship our products through their distribution centers. These centers are generally stocked with adequate inventories to facilitate prompt customer service. Sales and distribution methods include frequent contact by sales and customer service representatives, automated communications via various electronic purchasing systems, circulation of catalogs and merchandising bulletins, direct-mail campaigns, trade publication presence and advertising. We market and sell our products through our specialty sales force, distribution relationships and other customary industry methods. We focus our efforts specifically on the easily identifiable treatment centers which specialize in the care and management of immune compromised individuals. We estimate that there are approximately 500 leading specialty programs in the U.S. which have significant patient populations for PIDD, suitable for treatment with ASCENIV. Our management and Board of Directors (“Board”) have substantial prior direct marketing, sales and distribution experience with plasma-derived drugs, specialty immune globulins and other biological products. As is customary in the plasma products industry, we may also use a network of national distribution organizations that have specialty divisions that focus on plasma products to fulfill orders for ASCENIV. Efforts to generate increased market awareness for our products include attending and presenting scientific information at medical conferences, as well as sponsoring medical education symposiums. We have also hired a specialty sales force consisting of account managers, medical science liaisons and other customary scientific, medical and detail representatives to market our products to hospitals, physician offices/clinics, and other specialty treatment organizations as applicable. In addition, we have expanded staffing efforts with additional personnel for patient support, medical affairs, quality assurance, regulatory affairs, scientific affairs, third-party reimbursement, inventory and logistics, human resources and financial and operational management. We may also use a network of national and regional distributors to assist with order fulfillment for BIVIGAM and ASCENIV for use by healthcare professionals and hospitals. Pursuant to our Manufacturing, Supply and License Agreement effective as of December 2012, we granted to Biotest AG (“Biotest”) an exclusive license to market and sell ASCENIV in Europe and in certain countries in Northern Africa and the Middle East (the “Territory”), to have access to our testing services for testing of Biotest’s plasma samples using our proprietary RSV assay, and to reference (but not access) our proprietary information for the purpose of Biotest seeking regulatory approval for ASCENIV in the Territory. As consideration for the license, Biotest provided us with certain in-kind services and also compensated us with cash payments upon the completion of certain milestones. Biotest is also obligated to pay us an adjustable royalty based on a percentage of revenues from the sale of ASCENIV in the Territory for 20 years from the date of first commercial sale. Major Customers For the year ended December 31, 2025, two customers, BioCare, Inc. (“BioCare”) and Priority Healthcare Distribution, Inc. (“CuraScript”), represented an aggregate of approximately 73% of our consolidated revenues. 14 Table of Contents Competition The plasma products industry is highly competitive. We face, and will continue to face, intense competition from both U.S.-based and foreign producers of plasma products, some of which have lower cost structures, greater access to capital, greater resources for research and development, and more sophisticated marketing capabilities. These competitors may include but are not limited to: CSL Behring, Grifols, Takeda, Octapharma and BPL/Kedrion. There are four producers of plasma-derived products in the U.S. consisting of: CSL Behring, Grifols, Takeda and ADMA Biologics. In addition to competition from other large worldwide plasma product providers, we face competition in local areas from smaller entities. In Europe, where the industry is highly regulated and healthcare systems vary from country to country, local companies may have greater knowledge of local healthcare systems, more established infrastructures and existing regulatory approvals or a better understanding of the local regulatory process, allowing them to market their products more quickly. Moreover, plasma therapy generally faces competition from non-plasma products and other courses of treatments. For example, recombinant Factor VIII products compete with plasma-derived products in the treatment of Hemophilia A. New technologies are being developed by biotech and pharmaceutical companies which may impact physician prescription and patient usage of IVIG. One such therapy approved by the FDA in 2021 is an anti-FcRn inhibitor (neonatal Fc receptor, IgG receptor) which is a protein in humans responsible for maintaining IgG levels. This FDA approved anti-FcRn is for the treatment of generalized Myasthenia Gravis that may impact a subset of overall general IVIG usage. Other such FcRn potential targeted indications in development that may disrupt general IVIG usage may include but are not limited to: Chronic Inflammatory Demyelinating Polyradiculoneuropathy (“CIDP”), a rare type of autoimmune disorder, Immune Thrombocytopenic Purpura (“ITP”), a blood disorder characterized by a decrease in the number of platelets in the blood and Pemphigus Vulgaris (“PV”), a rare type of autoimmune disorder. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination of patents, patent applications, copyrights and trademarks, as well as contracts, such as confidentiality, material data transfer, nondisclosure, non-competition, license and invention assignment agreements, to protect our intellectual property rights. We also rely upon trade secret laws to protect unpatented know-how and advancing technological innovation. We have intellectual property (patents, know-how, etc.) related to our immunotherapeutic compositions, manufacturing processes, immunotherapeutic treatment, and related methods and formulations. Patents related to our immune globulin product ASCENIV include U.S. Patent No. 9,107,906, which covers compositions comprising pooled plasma, as well as immunoglobulin prepared therefrom, that contains a standardized, elevated titer of RSV neutralizing antibodies and elevated levels of antibodies specific for one or more other respiratory pathogens, as well as methods of making and using the compositions. U.S. Patent Nos. 9,714,283; 9,815,886; 9,969,793; 10,683,343; 11,339,206; 11,780,906 and 12,473,351, encompassing immunotherapeutic compositions and immunotherapeutic methods proprietary to us, also relate to ASCENIV. Additional U.S. and numerous foreign patents and patent applications also pertain to this technology. We also hold intellectual property, including patents and patent applications, related to immunotherapeutic compositions and immunotherapeutic methods for the treatment and prevention of S. pneumonia infection. U.S. Patent Nos. 10,259,865; 11,084,870 and 11,897,943, each with a term through 2037, pertain to various aspects of this technology. Additional U.S. and numerous foreign patent applications also relate to this technology. We continue to prepare, file, and prosecute patent applications to provide broad and strong protection of our proprietary rights, including applications focused on existing and future products. We are party to certain license agreements that grant us rights to patents and patent applications that are or may become material to our commercial products and development programs. Under these agreements, we are generally obligated to pay annual royalties. 15 Table of Contents We seek to enhance and ensure our competitive position through a variety of means, including our unique and proprietary plasma donor selection criteria, our proprietary formulation methodologies and proprietary reagents, controls, testing standards, standard operating procedures and methods used in our anti-RSV microneutralization assay. While we intend to vigorously defend against threats to our intellectual property, litigation can be costly and there can be no assurance that our patents will be enforced or that our trade secret policies and practices or other agreements will adequately protect our intellectual property. We seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. These processes, systems, and/or security measures may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies as a result of any such breaches. Third parties may also own or could obtain patents that may require us to negotiate licenses to conduct our business, and there can be no assurance that the required licenses would be available on reasonable terms or at all. Our intellectual property strategy may not adequately protect our commercial products or development programs. Patents may expire earlier than anticipated, be invalidated, be found unenforceable, or fail to cover competitor products. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors. We also seek to protect our proprietary technology and processes, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, scientific advisors and contractors. Although we rely, in part, on confidentiality, nondisclosure, non-competition and invention assignment agreements with employees, consultants and other parties with access to our proprietary information to protect our trade secrets, proprietary technology, processes and other proprietary rights, there can be no assurance that these agreements or any other security measures related to such trade secrets, proprietary technology, processes and proprietary rights will be adequate, will not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or proprietary knowledge. To the extent that our consultants, contractors or collaborators use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. We continue to invest in growing brand awareness globally. Our brand marketing is designed to increase awareness of the ADMA Biologics trade name and our product offerings by building on our industry reputation and strength of relationships. We hold multiple trademarks, including but not limited to ADMA, ADMA Biologics (including logo), ASCENIV, BIVIGAM, CIVACIR, Nabi-HB, Designed to Deliver, Partner in Protection and Advantage Ig. We will continue to allocate and expend resources to maintain and build market and consumer awareness and will defend our brand to the fullest extent possible. Government Regulation and Product Approval The FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in state and local jurisdictions and in foreign countries impose substantial requirements upon, among other things, the testing (preclinical and clinical), quality control, research and development, approval and post-approval monitoring and reporting, manufacturing, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, advertising, promotion, import, export, marketing, sales and distribution of our products and product candidates. If we do not comply with applicable requirements, we may be subject to enforcement actions, including civil penalties, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, fines, refusal by the government to approve our marketing applications and supplemental applications or to allow us to manufacture or market our products, and criminal prosecution, and we may be debarred or excluded from participation in government healthcare programs. These requirements are continually evolving. We and our manufacturers may also be subject to regulations under other federal, state and local laws. U.S. Government Regulation Our current and anticipated future product candidates are considered “biologics” under the FDA regulatory framework. Most pharmaceuticals or “conventional drugs” consist of pure chemical substances and their structures are known. Most biologics, however, are complex mixtures that are not easily identified or characterized. Biological products differ from conventional drugs in that they tend to be heat-sensitive and susceptible to microbial contamination. This requires sterile processes to be applied from initial manufacturing steps. In the U.S., the FDA regulates biologic products under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (the “FDCA”), the Public Health Service (“PHS”) Act and related federal regulations under Title 21 of the Code of Federal Regulations (“CFR”). The FDA also issues nonbinding guidance documents on a continuous basis, which provide the agency’s interpretation of its laws and regulations, as well as the FDA’s approach to scientific issues and questions. Biologics are also regulated under other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations by other regulatory authorities. The process required by the FDA before our product candidates may be marketed in the U.S. generally involves the following (although the FDA is given wide discretion to impose different or more stringent requirements on a case-by-case basis): 16 Table of Contents ● completion of extensive preclinical laboratory tests, preclinical, nonclinical and formulation studies performed in accordance with the FDA’s Good Laboratory Practice (“GLP”) regulations and other applicable laws and regulations; ● submission to the FDA of an IND application which must become effective before clinical trials may begin; ● obtaining approval by an Institutional Review Board (“IRB”) at each clinical site before a clinical trial may be initiated at that site; ● performance of adequate and well-controlled clinical trials meeting FDA requirements, commonly referred to as Good Clinical Practices (“GCP”), and other additional requirements for the protection of human research subjects and to establish the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for each proposed indication; ● manufacturing of product in accordance with the FDA’s current Good Manufacturing Practices (“cGMP”) to be used in the clinical trials and providing manufacturing information needed in regulatory filings (this facility must be approved by FDA prior to commercial distribution of a product); ● submission of a BLA to the FDA for marketing approval that includes substantial evidence of safety, purity and potency from results of clinical trials; the results of preclinical testing; detailed information about the Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls (“CMC”) and proposed labeling and packaging for the product candidate; ● satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities at which the product candidate is produced, and potentially other involved facilities as well, to assess compliance with cGMP regulations and other applicable regulations; ● satisfactory completion of potential FDA inspections of the preclinical study and clinical trial sites that generate the data in support of the BLA; and ● FDA review and approval of a BLA prior to any commercial marketing, sale or shipment of the product, including agreement on post-marketing commitments, and compliance with any post approval commitments, such as Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies (“REMS”) and post approval studies required by the FDA. The testing, review and approval process requires substantial time, effort and financial resources, and we cannot be certain that any approvals for our product candidates will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. We may encounter difficulties or unanticipated costs in our efforts to secure necessary governmental approvals, which could delay or preclude us from marketing our product candidates. In addition, the FDA may limit the indications for use or place other conditions on any approvals that could restrict the commercial application of our products. FDA may also conduct inspections, both remotely or in person, of our facilities or the facilities of our contractors, both during product development and following approval. Any findings from those inspections could materially impact our business. Pre-Clinical Studies Prior to commencing the first clinical trial at a United States investigational site, we must submit manufacturing and analytical data, pre-clinical or nonclinical data from studies conducted in accordance with GLP and clinical trial plans, among other information, to the FDA as part of an IND application. In 2025, however, the FDA announced a plan to reduce animal testing, with an initial focus on monoclonal antibodies. Subject to certain exceptions, an IND becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA, within the 30-day time period, issues a clinical hold to delay a proposed clinical investigation due to concerns or questions about the product or the conduct of the clinical trial, including concerns that human research subjects will be exposed to unreasonable health risks. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. Clinical holds also may be imposed by the FDA at any time before or during trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. 17 Table of Contents Our submission of an IND, or those of our collaboration partners, may not result in the FDA allowing us to commence a clinical trial. A separate submission to an existing IND must also be made for each successive clinical trial conducted during product development. The FDA must also approve certain changes to an existing IND, such as certain manufacturing changes. Further, an independent IRB duly constituted to meet FDA requirements for each medical center proposing to conduct the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it commences at that center and it must monitor the safety of the study and study subjects until completed. Special clinical trial ethical considerations also must be taken into account if a study involves children. The FDA, the IRB or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Clinical testing also must satisfy extensive GCP requirements and regulations for informed consent and must be conducted with product meeting cGMPs. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee, which reviews data and makes recommendations to the sponsor regarding the trial. Clinical Trials For purposes of BLA submission and approval, clinical trials are typically conducted in the following three sequential phases, which may overlap (although additional or different trials may be required by the FDA as well): ● Phase I clinical trials are initially conducted in a limited population to test the product candidate for safety, dose tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution and excretion in healthy humans or, on occasion, in patients, such as cancer patients. ● Phase II clinical trials are generally conducted in a larger but limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to determine the efficacy of the product candidate for specific targeted indications and to determine tolerance and optimal dosage. Multiple Phase II clinical trials may be conducted by the sponsor to obtain information prior to beginning larger and more expensive Phase III clinical trials. ● Phase III trials are conducted to establish the overall risk/benefit profile of the product. Certain Phase III clinical trials are referred to as pivotal trials. Phase III clinical trials aim to provide substantial evidence of reproducibility of clinical efficacy and safety results for approval and to further test for safety in an expanded and diverse patient population at multiple, geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act of 2003, a BLA or supplement for a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen, or new route of administration must contain data that is adequate to assess the safety and effectiveness of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations, and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective, unless the applicant has obtained a waiver or deferral. In 2012, the Food and Drug Administration Safety and Innovation Act amended the FDCA to require that a sponsor who is planning to submit such an application submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan (“iPSP”) within 60 days of an end-of-Phase II meeting or as may be agreed between the sponsor and the FDA. The FDA may, on its own initiative or at the request of the applicant, grant deferrals for submission of data or full or partial waivers. The FDA and the sponsor must reach agreement on the iPSP. In some cases, the FDA may condition continued approval of a BLA on the sponsor’s agreement to conduct additional clinical trials, or other commitments. Such post-approval studies are typically referred to as Phase IV studies, which are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow-up. During all phases of clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data and clinical trial investigators. Annual progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted to the FDA. Written IND safety reports must be promptly submitted to the FDA and the investigators for: serious and unexpected adverse events; any findings from other studies, tests in laboratory animals or in vitro testing and other sources that suggest a significant risk for human subjects; or any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must submit an IND safety report within 15 calendar days after the sponsor determines that the information qualifies for reporting. The sponsor also must notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction within seven calendar days after the sponsor’s initial receipt of the information. Phase I, Phase II and Phase III clinical trials might not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB’s requirements or if the biological product has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. Information about clinical trials, including results, must be submitted within specific timeframes for listing on the ClinicalTrials.gov website. 18 Table of Contents In limited circumstances, the FDA also permits the administration of investigational biological products to patients under its expanded access program. Under this program, provided certain qualifying criteria are met, patients who are not able to participate in a clinical trial may be eligible for accessing investigational products, including through individual compassionate or emergency use in concert with their requesting physician. Sponsors or distributors of investigational products for the diagnosis, monitoring, or treatment of one or more serious diseases or conditions must also have a publicly available policy on evaluating and responding to requests for expanded access. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional preclinical studies, animal studies, develop additional information about the physical characteristics of the biological product candidate and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. To help reduce the risk of the introduction of adventitious agents with use of biological products, the PHS Act emphasizes the importance of manufacturing controls for products whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, the sponsor must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, potency and purity of the final biological product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the biological product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. The manufacture of Investigational biologics for the conduct of human clinical trials is subject to cGMP requirements. Investigational biologics and active ingredients and therapeutic substances imported into the United States are also subject to regulation by the FDA. Further, the export of investigational products outside the United States is subject to regulatory requirements of the receiving country as well as U.S. export requirements under the FDCA. Biologics License Applications The results of product candidate development, preclinical and nonclinical testing and clinical trials, together with, among other things, detailed information on the manufacture and composition of the product and proposed labeling, and the payment of a user fee, are submitted to the FDA as part of a BLA. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (“PDUFA”), the fees payable to the FDA for reviewing an original BLA, as well as annual program fees for approved products can be substantial, subject to certain limited deferrals, waivers and reductions that may be available. The FDA has agreed to specified performance goals in the review of BLAs under the PDUFA. Following submission, the FDA has 60 days to review all BLAs to determine if they are substantially complete before it accepts them for filing. The FDA may refuse to file a BLA that it deems incomplete or not reviewable at the time of submission, in which case the BLA will have to be updated and resubmitted. The FDA may also request additional information to be submitted in a very short time frame before accepting a BLA for filing. If the FDA accepts the application for filing, the FDA reviews the BLA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe, pure, and potent for its intended use, and whether the product is being manufactured in compliance with cGMP. During its review of a BLA, the FDA may refer the application for novel product candidates or products that present difficult questions to an advisory committee of experts for their review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application should be approved, which information is taken into consideration along with the FDA’s own review findings. The FDA’s PDUFA review goal is to review 90% of priority BLAs within six months of filing and 90% of standard applications within ten months of filing, but the FDA can and frequently does extend this review timeline to consider certain later-submitted information or information intended to clarify or supplement an initial submission. The FDA may not complete its review or approve a BLA within these established goal review times. Before approving a marketing application, the FDA typically will inspect (remotely or in-person) the facility or facilities where the product is manufactured, referred to as a Pre-Approval Inspection, as well as one or more clinical trial sites. The FDA will not approve a product candidate unless cGMP compliance is satisfactory. 19 Table of Contents After the FDA conducts its in-depth review of the application and after the inspection of the manufacturing facilities and clinical trial sites, the FDA issues either an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter (“CRL”). A CRL generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may also require additional clinical or other data, including one or more additional pivotal Phase III clinical trials. Even if such requested data are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the BLA does not satisfy the criteria for approval and issue a denial of the BLA. Data from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we do. If the FDA’s evaluations of the BLA, the clinical and manufacturing procedures and facilities are favorable, the FDA may issue an approval letter. If the evaluations are not favorable the FDA will issue a CRL, which may contain the conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the BLA. In 2025, the FDA started publicly releasing complete response letters after issuance, for both products that eventually obtained approval and products that have not yet received approval. If a CRL is issued, a company has up to 12 months to resubmit or withdraw the BLA, unless the FDA allows for an extension as requested by a sponsor. If a CRL is issued, resubmissions for original applications and supplements of different types are subject to varying agency review procedures and review timing goals. For example, upon the resubmission of an original BLA application or efficacy supplement, CBER will classify the resubmission as either Class 1 (triggering a two-month review goal for the FDA) or Class 2 (triggering a six-month review goal for the FDA) depending on the circumstances. CBER also includes specific goals for review of manufacturing and labeling supplements, though in practice, FDA reviews may take longer than the stated goals. If and when the items identified in a CRL have been resolved to the FDA’s satisfaction, the FDA will issue an approval letter, authorizing commercial marketing of the product for certain indications. The FDA may withdraw product approval if ongoing regulatory requirements are not met or if safety problems occur after the product reaches the market. In addition, the FDA may require testing, including Phase IV post-approval clinical trials, and surveillance programs to monitor the effect of approved products that have been commercialized, and the FDA has the power to prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of these post-marketing programs. Even if the FDA approves a product, it may limit the approved indications or populations for use of the product, require that contraindications, warnings, or precautions be included in the product labeling, including a boxed warning, require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization, or impose other conditions, including distribution restrictions or other risk management mechanisms under a REMS, which may be required upon or following approval. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the BLA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the BLA without a REMS, if required. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. The FDA may also not approve label statements that are necessary for successful commercialization and marketing. Products may be marketed only for the FDA-approved indications and in accordance with the FDA-approved label. The FDA does not allow drugs to be promoted for “off-label” uses – that is, uses that are not described in the product’s approved labeling and that differ from those that were approved by the FDA. Furthermore, the FDA generally limits approved uses to those studied in clinical trials. If there are any modifications to the product, including changes in indications, other labeling changes, or manufacturing processes or facilities, we may be required to submit for and obtain FDA approval of a new BLA or BLA supplement, which may require us to develop additional data or conduct additional preclinical studies and clinical trials, and/or require additional manufacturing data. Satisfaction of the FDA regulations and approval requirements or similar requirements of foreign regulatory agencies typically takes many years, and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. Typically, if a product candidate is intended to treat a chronic disease, as was the case with ASCENIV, safety and efficacy data must be gathered over an extended period of time. Government regulation may delay or prevent marketing of product candidates for a considerable period of time and impose costly procedures upon our activities. The FDA or any other regulatory agency may not grant approvals for any changes on a timely basis, or at all. Even if a product candidate receives regulatory approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific disease states, patient populations and dosages. Further, even after regulatory approval is obtained, later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product may result in restrictions on the product or even complete withdrawal of the product from the market. Delays in obtaining, or failures to obtain, regulatory approvals for any of our product candidates would harm our business. In addition, we cannot predict what adverse governmental regulations may arise from future U.S. or foreign governmental action. 20 Table of Contents Post-Approval Regulatory Requirements After regulatory approval is obtained, biological drug products are subject to extensive and continuing regulation by the FDA, which may impose a number of post-approval requirements as a condition of approval of an application. For example, as a condition of approval of a BLA, the FDA may require post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the product’s safety or efficacy. In addition, holders of an approved BLA are required to keep extensive records (including certain electronic records and signature requirements), submit annual reports, report certain adverse reactions and production problems to the FDA, provide updated safety and efficacy information and comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotional labeling for their products. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications or other labeling claims, are subject to prior FDA review and approval. There also are annual user fee requirements for any marketed products, as well as new application fees for supplemental applications with clinical data. The FDA may withdraw a product approval if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, problems with manufacturing processes or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in restrictions on the product or even complete withdrawal of the product from the market. Failure to comply with the statutory and regulatory requirements can subject a manufacturer to possible legal or regulatory action, such as refusal to approve pending applications, license suspension or revocation, withdrawal of approval of a BLA, imposition of a clinical hold or termination of clinical trials, warning letters, untitled letters, suspension of manufacturing, sales or use, product seizures or recalls, import restrictions, injunctive action or possible fines and other penalties. We cannot be certain that we or our present or future third-party manufacturers or suppliers will be able to comply with the cGMP regulations and other ongoing FDA regulatory requirements. Manufacturers must continue to comply with cGMP requirements, which are extensive and require considerable time, resources and ongoing investment to ensure compliance. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process generally require prior FDA approval before being implemented. Other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and additional labeling claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval. Certain manufacturing deviations and unexpected manufacturing events must be investigated, corrected, and reported to the FDA. Manufacturers and certain other entities involved in the manufacturing and distribution of approved products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, list the manufactured products to the FDA, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections (which may be remote or in-person) by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. The cGMP requirements apply to all stages of the manufacturing process, including the production, processing, sterilization, packaging, labeling, storage and shipment of the product. Manufacturers must establish validated systems to ensure that products meet specifications and regulatory standards and test each product batch or lot prior to its release. The information that must be submitted to FDA regarding manufactured products was expanded through the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security (“CARES”) Act to include the volume of drugs produced during the prior year. For biologics products subject to lot release, for each product lot the applicant must submit materials related to that lot to the FDA prior to that lot being released for distribution. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before implementation. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third-party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort towards production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. The commercial distribution of prescription drugs (including biological drug products) is subject to the DSCSA, which regulates the distribution of the products at the federal level and sets certain standards for federal or state registration and compliance of entities in the supply chain (manufacturers and repackagers, wholesale distributors, third-party logistics providers, and dispensers). The DSCSA preempts previously enacted state pedigree laws and the pedigree requirements of the Prescription Drug Marketing Act “PDMA”). Trading partners within the drug supply chain must now ensure certain product tracing requirements are met and are required to exchange certain transaction-related information in an electronic and an interoperable form. Further, the DSCSA limits the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical products and imposes requirements to ensure overall accountability and security in the drug supply chain, including requirements related to the detection and investigation of suspect and illegitimate products. The distribution of product samples continues to be regulated under the PDMA. 21 Table of Contents FDA post-approval requirements are continually evolving. For example, in March 2020, the U.S. Congress passed the CARES Act, which includes various provisions regarding FDA drug shortage and manufacturing volume reporting requirements, as well as provisions regarding supply chain security, such as risk management plan requirements, and the promotion of supply chain redundancy and domestic manufacturing. As part of the CARES Act implementation, the FDA issued a guidance on the reporting of the volume of drugs produced, which reporting will require additional administrative efforts by drug manufacturers. Executive orders have also been issued to encourage domestic manufacturing. With respect to U.S. domestic manufacturing, the President has issued executive orders, and the FDA had taken certain actions intended to facilitate and streamline the development of U.S. manufacturing while also increasing the regulatory oversight of foreign manufacturing facilities. Advertising and Promotion The FDA closely regulates the post-approval marketing and promotion of products, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the Internet. A product cannot be promoted before it is approved. After approval, product promotion can include only those claims related to safety and effectiveness that are consistent with the labeling approved by the FDA. Healthcare providers are permitted to prescribe drugs for “off-label” uses–- that is, uses not approved by the FDA and not described in the product’s labeling because the FDA does not regulate the practice of medicine. However, FDA regulations impose restrictions on manufacturers’ communications regarding off-label uses. Broadly speaking, a manufacturer may not promote a drug for off-label use, but under certain conditions may engage in non-promotional, balanced, scientific communication regarding off-label use. Failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements and restrictions in this area may subject a company to adverse publicity and enforcement action by the FDA, the Department of Justice, or the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, as well as state authorities. This could subject a company to a range of penalties that could have a significant commercial impact, including civil penalties, criminal fines and agreements that materially restrict the manner in which a company promotes or distributes a drug. Companies are required to supply sufficient information that balances the risks of a product in its marketing and promotional materials. In 2023, the FDA implemented several measures in the advertising and promotional areas. These included the issuance of a final rule and a guidance on the disclosure of risks and effectiveness in direct-to-consumer advertising, as well as a guidance on the dissemination of off-label scientific data about approved products. In 2025, the FDA increased its enforcement activity regarding promotion and advertising, both in the areas of promotional statements to healthcare providers and direct to consumer advertising. From time to time, legislation is drafted, introduced and passed in Congress that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the approval, manufacturing and marketing of products regulated by the FDA. In addition to new legislation, FDA and other agency regulations, guidance, and policies are often revised or reinterpreted in ways that may significantly affect our business. It is impossible to predict whether further legislative or FDA regulation or other regulatory policy changes will be enacted or implemented and what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. It is possible that certain prior regulatory requirements may be postponed or frozen. Regulation of ADMA BioCenters With some limited exceptions, all blood and blood product collection and manufacturing centers which engage in interstate commerce must be licensed by and registered with the FDA and must list their products. In order to achieve licensure, the organization must submit a BLA and obtain BLA approval prior to distribution of any product. The approval of the BLA requires passage of an FDA inspection. ADMA BioCenters has completed these requirements and holds an FDA license for all of its plasma collection facilities for source plasma. In order to maintain an FDA license, under FDA guidance each such facility operated by ADMA BioCenters will be inspected within the first year of operations and then at least every two years (or more frequently) and must meet certain regulatory requirements. ADMA BioCenters is also required to submit annual reports to the FDA, as well as reports of fatalities related to blood and blood component collection or transfusion. Establishments must also comply with the FDA’s regulatory standards which include a variety of requirements related to, among other areas, cGMPs, deviation investigation and reporting, donor screening and product testing, as well as product labeling. Facilities must further ensure that all tests and equipment that are used are appropriate for their intended use, which may include FDA clearance and/or approval of the applicable test or equipment. 22 Table of Contents Blood plasma collection, testing and manufacturing centers are also subject to the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments (“CLIA”), state licensure and compliance with industry standards such as the International Quality Plasma Program. Compliance with state and industry standards is verified by means of routine inspection. State requirements may differ significantly from federal requirements, which may complicate compliance efforts. We believe that our existing ADMA BioCenters facilities are currently in compliance with state and industry standards. Delays in obtaining, or failures to maintain, regulatory approvals for any facilities operated by ADMA BioCenters would harm our business. In addition, we cannot predict what adverse federal and state regulations and industry standards may arise in the future. Foreign Regulation In addition to regulations in the U.S., if we choose to pursue clinical development and commercialization in the European Union, we will be subject to a variety of foreign regulations governing clinical trials, manufacture, authorization and commercial sales and distribution of any future product. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we must obtain approval by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country, and the time may be longer or shorter than that required for FDA approval. Further, any approval from the FDA does not mean we will receive comparable approvals in other countries. The requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary greatly from country to country. Under European Union regulatory systems, marketing authorizations may be submitted either under a centralized, decentralized or national or mutual recognition procedure. The centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization by the European Commission that is valid for all European Union member states following the submission of a single application to the European Medicines Agency. The decentralized procedure provides for approval by one or more “concerned” member states based on an assessment of an application led and coordinated by one member state, known as the “reference” member state. Under the decentralized approval procedure, an applicant submits materially the same application, or dossier, and related materials to the reference member state and concerned member states in parallel. The reference member state coordinates the preparation of a draft assessment report and drafts of the related materials within 120 days after receipt of a valid application. Within 90 days of receiving the reference member state’s assessment report, each concerned member state must decide whether to approve the assessment report and related materials. If the concerned member states have concerns about the assessment report, questions can be sent to the applicant. If at day 210 no consensus is reached as to whether the product should be approved, the disputed points are referred to the Coordination Group for Mutual Recognition and Decentralised Procedures – Human (CMDh) and if necessary, to the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (CHMP) of the European Medicines Agency's (EMA) for arbitration in the case of unsolved disagreement. This decision is binding on all member states. Where consensus is reached on the authorization of the product, the member states involved in the procedure grant national marketing authorizations in line with the agreed assessment report. In addition to the centralized procedure and the decentralized procedure, it may also be possible to obtain a marketing authorization for one single member state through a national procedure. The mutual recognition procedure provides for mutual recognition of national approval decisions in other member states through a shortened procedure. Under this procedure, the holder of a national marketing authorization may submit an application to any other member states for recognition of the first authorization. Within 90 days of receiving the applications and assessment report, each member state must decide whether to recognize approval, refuse it or request additional information. Changes have recently been agreed that will make substantial amendments to the regulatory framework, which could impact these procedures. Pharmaceutical Pricing and Reimbursement of Our Products In the United States, our
activities are potentially subject to additional regulation by various federal,
state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including CMS, other
divisions of HHS (e.g., the Office of Inspector General), the U.S. Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and individual
U.S. Attorneys offices within the DOJ, and state and local governments. If a
drug product is reimbursed by Medicare or Medicaid, pricing and rebate programs
must comply with, as applicable, the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement,
and Modernization Act of 2003 as well as the Medicaid rebate requirements of
the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 (the “OBRA”), the Veterans Health
Care Act of 1992 (the “VHCA”), Deficit Reduction Act of 2005, Patient
Protection and Affordable Care Act (the “ACA”), and the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022, each as amended. Among other things, the OBRA requires drug
manufacturers to calculate and report complex pricing metrics used to determine
rebates paid on prescription drugs to state Medicaid programs. Under the VHCA,
drug companies are required, as a condition of payment by certain federal
agencies and the Medicaid program, to offer “covered drugs” (including all drugs
approved under an NDA) at no more than a statutory ceiling price, calculated
based on a manufacturer’s required price calculations, to four federal
agencies, including the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (“VA”), Indian Health Service, and Department of Defense (“DoD”), and the Public Health Service (“PHS”). Legislation subsequent to the
VHCA has required that certain discounted prices under the VHCA also be offered
for specified DoD purchases for its TRICARE program via a rebate system.
Participation under the VHCA requires submission of pricing data and calculation
of discounts and rebates pursuant to complex statutory formulas, as well as the
entry into government procurement contracts governed by the Federal Acquisition
Regulation. 23 Table of Contents Because of the breadth of
these laws and the narrowness of available statutory and regulatory exemptions,
it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to
challenge under one or more of such laws. If our operations are found to be in
violation of any of the federal and state laws described above or any other
governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to criminal and
civil sanctions,  including criminal
fines, civil monetary penalties and damages, exclusion from participation in
federal healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid), suspension and
debarment from participation in government procurement and non-procurement
programs, and refusal of orders under existing government contracts,
disgorgement, corporate integrity agreements and deferred- or non-prosecution
agreements, which impose, among other things, rigorous operational and
monitoring requirements on companies, reputational harm, diminished profits and
future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of
which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our
results of operations. In order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of pharmaceutical products in a state, including, in some states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Several states and localities have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical companies to, among other things, establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing specified physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit other specified sales and marketing practices. Additionally, some states have enacted laws that cap increases in prices charged for drugs in that state. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. All sales in the U.S. of BIVIGAM, ASCENIV and Nabi-HB depend in part upon the availability of reimbursement from third-party payers. Third-party payers include government health programs, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. Our products are reimbursed or purchased under several government programs, including Medicaid, Medicare Parts B and D, the 340B Drug Pricing Program/Public Health Service program, and pursuant to an existing contract with the Department of Veterans Affairs. Medicaid is a joint state and federal government health plan that provides covered outpatient prescription drugs for low-income and disabled individuals. Under Medicaid, drug manufacturers pay rebates to the states based on utilization data provided by the states. CMS has issued a permanent, product-specific-J-code for ASCENIV. Under the HCPCS, the J-code (J1554) became effective in April 2021. Significant uncertainties exist as to the coverage and reimbursement status of our current products as well as any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval in the future. In the U.S., sales of BIVIGAM, ASCENIV and Nabi-HB, as well as any products for which we may receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend in part on the availability of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payers. Third-party payers include government authorities, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations. No uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists. Accordingly, decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided for any of our products will be made on a payer-by-payer basis. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payer separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. The process for determining whether a payer will provide coverage for a drug product may be separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payer will pay for the drug product. Third-party payers may limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. Third-party payers also may choose not to cover our products or implement measures such as prior authorizations and step-throughs to secure coverage and reimbursement. Moreover, a payer’s decision to provide coverage for a drug product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 24 Table of Contents Third-party payers are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. In order to obtain coverage and reimbursement for our current products and any product that might be approved for sale in the future, we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of any products, in addition to the costs required to obtain regulatory approvals. Our current products may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. If third-party payers do not consider a product to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover the product after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to allow a company to sell its products at a profit. The U.S. government and state legislatures have shown significant interest in implementing cost containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price controls, limitations on coverage, increased rebates, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. For example, the ACA and the companion Healthcare and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (which together are referred to as the “Healthcare Reform Law”) contains provisions that may reduce the profitability of drug products, including, for example, increased rebates for drugs reimbursed by Medicaid programs, extension of Medicaid rebates to Medicaid managed care plans, mandatory discounts for certain Medicare Part D beneficiaries and annual fees based on pharmaceutical companies’ share of sales to federal healthcare programs. Similarly, t he Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 requires manufacturers of selected drugs to negotiate discounted prices with the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services. Failure to reach an agreement can subject manufacturers to an excise tax or withdraw of all drug products from coverage under Medicare and Medicaid. We have addressed additional reforms related to government pricing programs that could be relevant to our products below. These and any additional healthcare reform measures could further constrain our business or limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in additional pricing pressures. Adoption of government controls and measures and tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for pharmaceuticals. The marketability of our current products and any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payers fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, the emphasis on cost containment measures in the U.S. has increased and we expect will continue to increase the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, along with adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit a company’s revenue generated from the sale of any approved product(s). Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and/or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent the generation of revenue, attainment of profitability, or commercialization of products. In addition, it is possible that there will be further legislation or regulation that could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Government Price Reporting Manufacturers participate in, and have certain price reporting obligations under, the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, state Medicaid supplemental rebate program(s), and other governmental pricing programs. Effective for calendar quarters beginning January 1, 2022, manufacturers are required to report the average sales price for certain drugs under the Medicare Part B program regardless of whether the manufacturer participates in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. Previously, this reporting obligation extended only to manufacturers participating in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. Under this Program, manufacturers are required to pay a rebate to each state Medicaid program for covered outpatient drugs that are dispensed to Medicaid beneficiaries and paid for by a state Medicaid program as a condition of having federal funds being made available for their drugs under Medicaid and Part B of the Medicare program. Medicaid rebates are based on pricing data reported by manufacturers on a monthly and quarterly basis to the CMS, the federal agency that administers the Medicaid and Medicare programs. This data includes the average manufacturer price and, in the case of innovator products, the best price for each drug, which, in general, represents the lowest price available from the manufacturer to any entity in the U.S. in any pricing structure, calculated to include all sales and associated rebates, discounts, and other price concessions. The amount of the rebate is adjusted upward if the average manufacturer price increases more than inflation (measured by reference to the Consumer Price Index–- Urban ("CPIU")). Previously, the rebate was capped at 100% of the average manufacturer price, but, effective January 1, 2024, this cap on the rebate was removed, and our rebate liability could increase accordingly. 25 Table of Contents If a manufacturer becomes aware that its reporting for a prior quarter was incorrect or has changed as a result of recalculating the pricing data, the manufacturer is obligated to resubmit the corrected data for up to three years after it was originally due, which revisions could affect rebate liability for prior quarters. The ACA made significant changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, and CMS issued a final regulation, which became effective on April 1, 2016, to implement the changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program under the ACA. On December 21, 2020, CMS issued a final rule that modified the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program regulations to permit reporting multiple best price figures with regard to value‑based purchasing arrangements (beginning in 2022); provided definitions for “line extension”, “new formulation,” and related terms with the practical effect of expanding the scope of drugs considered to be line extensions (beginning in 2022); and revised best price and average manufacturer price exclusions of manufacturer-sponsored patient benefit programs, particularly regarding potential inapplicability of such exclusions in the context of pharmacy benefit manager “accumulator” programs (beginning in 2023). Medicare is a federal program that is administered by the federal government that covers individuals age 65 and over or that are disabled as well as those with certain health conditions. Medicare Part B generally covers drugs that must be administered by physicians or other health care practitioners, among others. Medicare Part B generally pays for such drugs under a payment methodology based on the average sales price of the drugs. Manufacturers are required to report average sales price information to CMS on a quarterly basis. The manufacturer-submitted information is used by CMS to calculate Medicare payment rates. Congress could enact additional changes that affect our overall rebate
liability and the information manufacturers report to the government as part of
price reporting calculations. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022
implemented Medicare Part B inflation rebate, under which manufacturers would
owe additional rebates if the average sales price of a drug were to increase
faster than the pace of inflation. Civil monetary penalties can be applied if a manufacturer  (1) is found to have knowingly submitted any false pricing or other information to the government, (2) is found to have made a misrepresentation in the reporting of average sales price, or (3) fails to submit the required data on a timely basis. Such conduct also could be grounds for CMS to terminate a Medicaid Drug Rebate Program agreement, in which case federal payments may not be available under Medicaid or Medicare Part B for the manufacturer’s covered outpatient drugs. Federal law requires that any company that participates in the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program also participate in the Public Health Service’s 340B drug pricing program (the “340B program”) in order for federal funds to be available for the manufacturer’s drugs under Medicaid and Medicare Part B. The 340B program, which is administered by the Health Resources and Services Administration (“HRSA”), requires participating manufacturers to agree to charge statutorily defined covered entities no more than the 340B “ceiling price” for the manufacturer’s covered outpatient drugs. Covered entities include hospitals that serve a disproportionate share of financially needy patients, community health clinics, and other entities that receive certain types of grants under the Public Health Service Act. The ACA expanded the list of covered entities to include certain free-standing cancer hospitals, critical access hospitals, rural referral centers, and sole community hospitals, but exempts “orphan drugs” from the ceiling price requirements for these covered entities. The 340B ceiling price is calculated using a statutory formula, which is based on the average manufacturer price and Medicaid rebate amount for the covered outpatient drug as calculated under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. In general, products subject to Medicaid price reporting and rebate liability are also subject to the 340B ceiling price calculation and discount requirement. The final regulation issued by HRSA, regarding the calculation of the 340B ceiling price and the imposition of civil monetary penalties on manufacturers that knowingly and intentionally overcharge covered entities has affected manufacturer obligations and potential liability under the 340B program. Any charge by HRSA that a manufacturer has violated the requirements of the regulation could result in civil monetary penalties. Moreover, under a final regulation effective January 13, 2021, HRSA established a new Administrative Dispute Resolution (“ADR”) process for claims by covered entities that a manufacturer has engaged in overcharging, and by manufacturers that a covered entity violated the prohibitions against diversion or duplicate discounts. Such claims are to be resolved through an ADR panel of government officials rendering a decision that can be appealed to a federal court. An ADR proceeding could subject a manufacturer to onerous procedural requirements and could result in additional liability. HRSA also implemented a price reporting system under which manufacturers are required to report 340B ceiling prices on a quarterly basis to HRSA, which then publishes those prices to 340B covered entities. In addition, legislation could be passed that would further expand the 340B program to additional covered entities, or participating manufacturers could be required to agree to provide 340B discounted pricing on drugs used in an inpatient setting. 26 Table of Contents In order to be eligible to have their products paid for with federal funds under the Medicaid and Medicare Part B programs and purchased by certain federal agencies, including the VA, DoD, Coast Guard, and PHS and grantees, manufacturers must participate in the VA Federal Supply Schedule (“FSS”) pricing program. Prices for innovator drugs purchased by the VA, DoD, Coast Guard, and PHS are subject to a cap (known as the “Federal Ceiling Price”) equal to 76% of the annual Non-Federal Average Manufacturer price (“non-FAMP”) minus, if applicable, an additional discount. The additional discount applies if non-FAMP increases more than inflation (measured by reference to the CPIU). In addition, in the second and subsequent year, the price also is capped at the prior year FSS contract plus CPIU. Manufacturers must also participate in the Tricare Retail Pharmacy Program, under which they pay quarterly rebates to DoD for prescriptions of innovator drugs dispensed to Tricare beneficiaries through Tricare Retail network pharmacies. The governing statute provides for civil monetary penalties for failure to provide information timely or for knowing submission of false information to the government. Medicare Part D generally provides coverage to enrolled Medicare
patients for self-administered drugs (i.e.,
drugs that are not administered by a physician). Medicare Part D is
administered by private prescription drug plans approved by the U.S. government
and subject to detailed program rules and government oversight. Each drug plan
establishes its own Medicare Part D formulary for prescription drug coverage
and pricing, which the drug plan may modify from time to time. The prescription
drug plans negotiate pricing with manufacturers and pharmacies and may
condition formulary placement on the availability of manufacturer rebates. For
example, in January 2025, the Inflation Reduction Act implemented a new
manufacturer discount program that requires participating manufacturers to
provide discounts on applicable drugs in both the Initial Coverage and
Catastrophic Coverage phases of the Part D benefit. The Inflation Reduction Act
also implemented a Medicare Part D inflation rebate, under which manufacturers
owe additional rebates if the average manufacturer price of a drug increases
faster than the pace of inflation. The
Inflation Reduction Act further requires manufacturers of selected drugs to
negotiate discounted prices with the Secretary of the Department of Health and
Human Services. Failure to reach an agreement can subject manufacturers to an
excise tax or withdrawal of all drug products from coverage under Medicare and
Medicaid. This or any other legislative
change could impact the market conditions for our products. We expect further continued
scrutiny on government price reporting from Congress, federal agencies, and
other bodies. Group health plans, health insurance issuers, health maintenance organizations, other healthcare payers, and pharmacy benefit managers in the United States are adopting more aggressive utilization management techniques and are increasingly requiring significant discounts and rebates from manufacturers as a condition to including products on formulary with favorable coverage and cost-sharing. These payers may not cover or adequately reimburse for use of our products or may do so at levels that disadvantage them relative to competitive products. Outside the United States, within the EU, our products are paid for by a variety of payers, with governments being the primary source of payment. Government health authorities in the EU determine or influence reimbursement of products and set prices or otherwise regulate pricing. Negotiating prices with governmental authorities can delay commercialization of our products. Governments may use a variety of cost-containment measures to control the cost of products, including price cuts, mandatory rebates, value-based pricing and reference pricing ( i.e. , referencing prices in other countries or prices of competitive products and using those reference prices to set a price). Budgetary pressures in many EU countries are continuing to cause governments to consider or implement various cost-containment measures, such as price freezes, increased price cuts and rebates and expanded generic substitution and patient cost-sharing. Recently, several states also have enacted or are considering legislation intended to make drug prices more transparent and deter significant price increases that impose reporting requirements on biopharmaceutical companies. These laws may affect our future sales, marketing, and other promotional activities by imposing administrative and compliance burdens. Such laws also typically impose significant civil monetary penalties for each instance of reporting noncompliance that can quickly aggregate into millions of dollars. 27 Table of Contents U.S. Healthcare Reform The containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of Federal and state governments, and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. Changes in government legislation or regulation and changes in private third-party payers’ policies toward reimbursement for our products, if successfully developed and approved, may reduce reimbursement of our products’ costs to physicians, pharmacies, patients and distributors. The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, payment of rebates, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit our net revenue and results for products, if any, we commercialize in the future. The
pricing and reimbursement environment for our products may change in the future
and become more challenging due to state and federal healthcare reform
measures. The American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (“ARRA”), for
example, allocated new federal funding to compare the effectiveness of
different treatments for the same condition. The plan for the research was
published in 2012 by the Department of Health and Human Services, the Agency
for Healthcare Research and Quality and the National Institutes for Health, and
periodic reports on the status of the research and related expenditures are
made to Congress. Although ARRA does not mandate the use of the results of
comparative effectiveness studies for reimbursement purposes, the Comparative
Effectiveness Research (CER) reports may impact the sales of any products for
which we receive marketing approval or on the reimbursement policies of public
and private payers if utilized to guide coverage decisions. It is possible that
comparative effectiveness research demonstrating benefits in a competitor’s
product could adversely affect the sales of any product for which we receive
marketing approval. For example, if third-party payers find our products not to
be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover our
products after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the
level of payment may not be sufficient to allow us to sell our products on a
profitable basis. The ACA is a sweeping measure intended to expand healthcare coverage within the U.S., primarily through the imposition of health insurance mandates on employers and individuals, the provision of subsidies to eligible individuals enrolled in plans offered on the health insurance exchanges, and the expansion of the Medicaid program. This law has substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers and has significantly impacted the pharmaceutical industry. Changes that may affect our business include those governing enrollment in Federal healthcare programs, reimbursement changes, benefits for patients within a coverage gap in the Medicare Part D prescription drug program (commonly known as the “donut hole”), rules regarding prescription drug benefits under the health insurance exchanges, changes to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, expansion of the Public Health Service Act’s 340B drug pricing program, or 340B program, and fraud and abuse enforcement. These changes have impacted previously existing government healthcare programs and have resulted in the development of new programs, including Medicare payment for performance initiatives and improvements to the Medicare physician quality reporting system and feedback program. One of the goals of ACA was to expand coverage for the uninsured while at the same time containing overall healthcare costs. With regard to pharmaceutical products, among other things, the ACA increased minimum rebates a manufacturer must pay under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended manufacturers’ Medicaid rebate liability to drugs dispensed to individuals who are enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations. The ACA also requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics, and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to CMS information related to certain direct or indirect payments and other transfers of value to U.S.-licensed physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists and certified nurse-midwives and to U.S. teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held in the company by physicians and their immediate family members. Failure to submit required information may result in civil monetary penalties of $1,000 to $10,000 for each payment or ownership interest that is not timely, accurately, or completely reported (annual maximum of $150,000), and $10,000 to $100,000 for each knowing failure to report (annual maximum of $1 million) (for an aggregate annual maximum of $1,150,000). Some states have elected not to expand their Medicaid programs by raising the income limit to 133% of the federal poverty level, as is permitted under the ACA. For each state that does not choose to expand its Medicaid program, there may be fewer insured patients overall, which could impact sales of our products that are approved and that we successfully commercialize, and our business and financial condition. Where Medicaid patients receive insurance coverage under any of the new options made available through the ACA, the possibility exists that manufacturers may be required to pay Medicaid rebates on drugs used under these circumstances, a decision that could impact manufacturer revenues. 28 Table of Contents Certain provisions of the ACA have been subject to judicial challenges as well as efforts to modify them or to alter their interpretation or implementation. For example, Congress eliminated, starting January 1, 2019, the tax penalty for not complying with the ACA’s individual mandate to carry health insurance. Further, the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, among other things, amended the Medicare statute to reduce the coverage gap in most Medicare drugs plans, commonly known as the “donut hole,” by raising the required manufacturer point-of-sale discount from 50% to 70% off the negotiated price effective as of January 1, 2019. Additional legislative changes, regulatory changes, and judicial challenges related to the ACA remain possible, but the nature and extent of such potential changes or challenges are uncertain at this time. It is unclear how the ACA and its implementation, as well as efforts to modify or invalidate the ACA, or portions thereof, or its implementation, will affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. It is possible that the ACA, as currently enacted or as it may be amended in the future, and other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future could have a material adverse effect on our industry generally and on our ability to maintain or increase sales of our products or product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval or to successfully commercialize our products and product candidates. Other legislative changes related to reimbursement have been adopted in the U.S. since the ACA was enacted. For example, on August 2, 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction to recommend to Congress proposals for spending reductions. The Joint Select Committee did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction, which triggered the legislation’s automatic reductions. In concert with subsequent legislation, this has resulted in aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of, on average, 2% per fiscal year through 2031 (with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022, due to the COVID-19 pandemic). The law provides for 1% Medicare sequestration in the second quarter of 2022 and allows the full 2% sequestration thereafter until 2031. As long as these cuts remain in effect, they could adversely impact payment for any products we may commercialize in the future. We expect that additional federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, and in turn could significantly reduce the projected value of certain development projects and reduce our profitability. Additional legislative changes, regulatory changes, or guidance could be adopted, which may impact the marketing approvals and reimbursement for our product candidates. For example, there has been increasing legislative, regulatory, and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to drug pricing practices. There have been several Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation and regulatory initiatives designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, evaluate the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient assistance and support programs, permit government negotiation of Medicare pricing with manufacturers relative to certain international prices paid, and reform government healthcare program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. If healthcare policies or reforms intended to curb healthcare costs are adopted or if we experience negative publicity with respect to pricing of our products or the pricing of pharmaceutical drugs generally, the prices that we charge for any approved products may be limited, our commercial opportunity may be limited and/or our revenues from sales of our products may be negatively impacted. It is possible that the ACA, as currently enacted or may be amended in the future, as well as other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future, may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria and new payment methodologies and in additional downward pressure on coverage and payment and the price that we receive for any approved product. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability or commercialize our products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted in the U.S. or outside the U.S., or whether regulatory changes, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. 29 Table of Contents Anti-Fraud and Abuse Laws We are also subject to numerous fraud and abuse laws and regulations globally. In the U.S., there are a variety of Federal and state laws restricting certain marketing practices in the pharmaceutical industry pertaining to healthcare fraud and abuse, including anti-kickback laws and false claims laws. Our sales, marketing, patient support and medical activities may be subject to scrutiny under these laws. The U.S. Federal healthcare program Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving anything of value (“remuneration”) to induce (or in return for) the referral of business, including the purchase, recommendation or prescription of a particular drug reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed healthcare programs. The statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical companies on one hand and patients, prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. The Beneficiary Inducement Civil Monetary Penalties Law imposes similar restrictions on interactions between pharmaceutical manufacturers and federal healthcare program beneficiaries. Although there are a number of statutory exemptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common manufacturer business arrangements and activities from prosecution and administrative sanction, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and are subject to regulatory revision or changes in interpretation by the DOJ, and the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“OIG”). Recent regulations eliminate the discount safe harbor protection for manufacturer rebates paid directly, or indirectly through a Pharmacy Benefit Manager (“PBM”), to Medicare Part D or Medicare Advantage plans. Subsequent legislation and a final rule promulgated on December 29, 2023 delayed implementation of this portion of the 2020 final rule until January 1, 2032. Practices or arrangements that involve remuneration may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all its facts and circumstances. Several courts have interpreted the
statute’s intent requirement to mean that if any one purpose of an arrangement
involving remuneration is to induce or reward referrals of federal healthcare
program business, including purchases of products paid by federal healthcare
programs, the statute has been violated. Violations of the federal
Anti-Kickback Statute may be established without providing specific intent to
violate the statute, and may be punishable by civil, criminal, and
administrative sanctions, including criminal fines, imprisonment, civil
monetary penalties and damages, exclusion from participation in federal
healthcare programs, suspension and debarment from government procurement and
non-procurement programs, and refusal of orders under existing government
contracts, disgorgement, corporate integrity agreements and deferred- or
non-prosecution agreements. The Federal civil False Claims Act (“FCA”) prohibits, among other things, any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false or fraudulent claim for payment of federal funds, or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid, or knowingly and improperly avoiding, decreasing or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government. A claim includes “any request or demand” for money or property presented to the U.S. government. The FCA has been used to assert liability on the basis of improper referrals, improperly reported government pricing metrics such as Best Price or Average Manufacturer Price, improper use of Medicare provider or supplier numbers when detailing a provider of services, improper promotion of off-label uses not expressly approved by the FDA in a product’s label, and allegations as to misrepresentations with respect to products, contractual requirements, and services rendered. In addition, private payers have been filing follow-on lawsuits alleging fraudulent misrepresentation, although establishing liability and damages in these cases is more difficult than under the FCA. Intent to deceive or actual knowledge of falsity is not required to establish liability under the FCA. Rather, a claim may be false for deliberate ignorance of the truth or falsity of the information provided or for acts in reckless disregard of the truth or falsity of that information. A claim resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a per se false or fraudulent claim. The False Claims Act also permits a private individual acting as a “whistleblower” to bring actions on behalf of themselves and the federal government alleging violations of the statute and to share in any monetary recovery. Violations of the False Claims Act may result in significant financial penalties (including mandatory penalties on a per claim or statement basis), treble damages and exclusion from participation in federal health care programs. For these reasons, since 2004, False Claims Act lawsuits against pharmaceutical companies have increased significantly in volume and breadth, leading to several substantial civil and criminal settlements, as much as $3.0 billion, regarding certain sales practices and promoting off label uses. The government may further prosecute conduct constituting a false claim under the criminal False Claims Act. The criminal False Claims Act prohibits the making or presenting of a claim to the government knowing such claim to be false, fictitious, or fraudulent and, unlike the FCA, requires proof of intent to submit a false claim. Pharmaceutical companies are subject to other federal false claim and statements laws, some of which extend to non-government health benefit programs. For example, the healthcare fraud provisions under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing regulations, or HIPAA, impose criminal liability for, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any health care benefit program, including private third party payers, or falsifying or covering up a material fact or making any materially false or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services. Violations of HIPAA fraud provisions may result in criminal, civil and administrative fines, penalties and damages, including exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs. 30 Table of Contents The majority of states have adopted analogous laws and regulations, including state anti-kickback and false claims laws, that may apply to our business practices, including but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including private insurers. Other states have adopted laws and regulations that, among other things, require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines with respect to interactions with healthcare professionals and the relevant compliance program guidance promulgated by the U.S. Federal government that otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare professionals and other potential referral sources, and that require drug manufacturers to file reports related to pricing and marketing information, which requires tracking price increases and gifts and other remuneration and items of value provided to healthcare professionals and entities. In addition, some jurisdictions have laws requiring pharmaceutical sales representatives to be registered or licensed, and still others impose limits on co-pay assistance that pharmaceutical companies can offer to patients. The Federal Physician Payment Sunshine Act requires tracking of certain payments and transfers of value to U.S.-licensed physicians, physician assistants, nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, certified nurse anesthetists and certified nurse-midwives and to U.S. teaching hospitals, and ownership interests held by physicians and their families, and reporting to the federal government and public disclosure by the federal government of this data. Data Protection and Privacy Throughout the clinical trial process, we may obtain the protected health information of our trial subjects. There are a number of state, federal and international laws protecting the privacy and security of health information and personal data. The Healthcare Information Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) imposes privacy, security, breach reporting obligations, and mandatory contractual terms on “covered entities,” including health care providers, health plans, and health care clearinghouses, as well as their “business associates” – certain persons or covered entities that create, receive, maintain, or transmit protected health information in connection with providing a specified service or performing a function on behalf of a covered entity. We could potentially be subject to civil and criminal penalties if we, our affiliates, or our agents use or disclose protected health information in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA. Even when HIPAA does not apply, failing to take appropriate steps to keep consumers’ personal information secure, or failing to provide a level of security commensurate to promises made to individuals about the security of their personal information (such as in a privacy notice) may constitute unfair or deceptive acts or practices in violation of Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act (“FTC Act”). The Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) expects a company’s data security measures to be reasonable and appropriate in light of the sensitivity and volume of consumer information the company holds, the size and complexity of its business, and the cost of available tools to improve security and reduce vulnerabilities. Individually identifiable health information is considered sensitive data that merits stronger safeguards. The FTC’s guidance for appropriately securing consumers’ personal information is similar to, but less prescriptive than, what is required by the HIPAA Security Rule. Enforcement by the FTC under the FTC Act can result in civil penalties or enforcement actions. All states have laws requiring notification of affected individuals and state regulators (i.e., breach notification laws) in the event of a breach of personal information. Some state laws impose significant data security requirements, such as encryption, to ensure ongoing protection of personal information. Additionally, in California, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) establishes certain requirements for data use and sharing transparency and creates new data privacy rights for California residents. The CCPA and its implementing regulations have already been amended multiple times since their enactment. In November 2020, California voters approved the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) ballot initiative, which introduced significant amendments to the CCPA and established and funded a dedicated California privacy regulator, the California Privacy Protection Agency (“CPPA”). The amendments introduced by the CPRA became effective on January 1, 2023. Failure to comply with the CCPA may result in, among other things, significant civil penalties and injunctive relief, or statutory or actual damages. In addition, California residents have the right to bring a private right of action in connection with certain types of security incidents. These claims may result in significant liability and damages. Since the CCPA was signed into law in 2018, numerous other states, including Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut, have enacted similar privacy laws that may apply to personal information that we collect or maintain. 31 Table of Contents Some states, like Washington State, have passed healthcare-specific privacy laws. The My Health My Data Act became effective March 31, 2024 and restricts how entities collect, use, and process “consumer health data,” defined broadly as personal information that is linked or reasonably linkable to a consumer and that identifies the consumer's health status. While HIPAA-regulated entities may be exempt from the Act, the exemption is based on the data collected and used rather than on the entity’s status as a HIPAA covered entity or business associate. As such, some data may be subject to the Act and HIPAA, while other data may only be subject to HIPAA. Activities
outside of the U.S. implicate local and national data protection standards,
impose additional compliance requirements and generate additional risks of
enforcement for non-compliance. For example, the EU General Data Protection
Regulation, the UK General Data Protection Regulation and related data
protection, cybersecurity and e-privacy laws in the European Union/European
Economic Area (“EU/EEA”) and the UK, collectively, the “GDPR”, and equivalent
Swiss laws may apply to some or all of the clinical or other personal data
obtained, transmitted, or stored from those jurisdictions. The GDPR and Swiss
law, among others, allow supervisory authorities to potentially impose high
regulatory fines in the event of violations, for example, under the GDPR up to
4% of global annual group turnover or EUR 20 million (whichever is the higher
amount). (There are similar caps in GBP under the UK GDPR). Supervisory
authorities in the EU/EEA, Switzerland and UK may (among other enforcement
tools) potentially levy such fines directly upon on the non-compliant entity
and/or on the parent company of the non-compliant entity. Separate from
regulatory enforcement actions, individuals may bring private actions
(including potentially group or representative actions) against us. There is no
statutory cap set out in the GDPR on the amount of compensation or the damages
which individuals may recover. The GDPR and other data protection,
privacy and similar national, state/provincial and local laws, may  require in many circumstances specific,
freely given and fully informed consent to be obtained from patients or clinical
study participants or other lawful bases for processing. There are also other
requirements for lawful processing, including transparency obligations, data
minimization requirements, data transfer restrictions and compliance
obligations with individuals’ stringent rights to access their personal data
and to otherwise control the processing of their personal data. There are data
breach notification obligations, to supervisory authorities and to individuals,
where certain risk thresholds have occurred. We are also required to undertake
and document appropriate measures that ensure the confidentiality,
availability, and integrity of personal data which may be challenging
considering ever-growing and impactful cyber threats. The GDPR and Swiss laws
only permit transfer of personal data to countries where there is adequate
protection as determined by the relevant EU/UK/Swiss governmental authorities
or where other mechanisms are in place such as Standard Contractual Clauses or
the EU/UK/Swiss-US Data Privacy Framework. 
Overall, the significant costs of GDPR and Swiss law compliance, risk of
regulatory enforcement actions and private litigation under, and other burdens
imposed by these laws as well as under other regulatory schemes throughout the
world related to privacy and security of health information and other personal
and private data could have an adverse impact on our business, reputation,
financial condition, and results of operations. We may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to ensure ongoing compliance with applicable privacy and data security laws, to protect against security breaches and hackers, or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches. Compliance with these laws is difficult, constantly evolving, time consuming, and requires a flexible privacy framework and substantial resources. Compliance efforts will likely be an increasing and substantial cost in the future. Environmental, Social and Governance (“ESG”) Our Code of Ethics and Business Conduct states that employees should strive to conserve resources and reduce water consumption and emissions through recycling and other energy conservation measures. Employees are responsible for promptly reporting any known or suspected violations of environmental laws or any events that may result in a discharge or emissions of hazardous materials. We manufacture, market and develop specialty biologics for the prevention and treatment of infectious diseases in the immune compromised and other patients at risk for infection, and, as such, we consider our environmental impact to be low. These activities do not include either industrial production or distribution, and therefore do not use

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials used in the production of our products. In addition to the foregoing, you should also consider carefully the statements under the section entitled “

