TICKER: AGEN
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain capacity sufficient to provide commercial quantities of any product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval; • acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies; • seek regulatory approvals for any product candidates that successfully complete clinical trials; • establish a sales, marketing and distribution infrastructure to commercialize any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval; and • add operational, regulatory, financial and management information systems and personnel, including personnel to support our product development and planned commercialization efforts. To become profitable, we or any current or potential future licensees and collaboration partners must develop, gain approval and eventually commercialize products with significant market potential at an adequate profit margin after cost of goods sold and other expenses. This will require us to be successful in a range of challenging activities, including completing clinical trials, obtaining marketing approval for product candidates, obtaining adequate reimbursement for product candidates, manufacturing, marketing and selling products for which we may obtain marketing approval and satisfying any post-marketing requirements. We may never succeed in any or all of these activities and, even if we do, we may never generate revenue that is significant or large enough to achieve profitability. If we do achieve profitability, we may not be able to sustain or increase profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. Our failure to become and remain profitable would decrease the value of our company and could impair our ability to raise capital, maintain our research and development efforts, expand our business or continue our operations. A decline in the value of our company also could cause our stockholders to lose all or part of their investment. Even if we succeed in commercializing one or more of our product candidates, we will continue to incur substantial research and development costs and other expenditures to develop and market additional product candidates in our pipeline. We may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other unknown factors that may adversely affect our business. The size of our future net losses will depend, in part, on the rate of future growth of our expenses and our ability to generate revenue. Our prior losses and expected future losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on our stockholders’ equity and working capital. Furthermore, our ability to generate cash from operations is dependent in part on the success of our licensees and collaboration partners, as well as the likelihood and timing of new strategic licensing and partnering relationships and/or successful development, approval and commercialization of product candidates, including through our antibody programs and platforms, MiNK's adoptive cell therapy programs, and our saponin-based vaccine adjuvants (through SaponiQx). We will require additional capital to fund our operations, and if we fail to obtain necessary financing, we will not be able to complete the development and commercialization of our product candidates. 15 Our operations have consumed substantial amounts of cash since inception. We expect to continue to spend substantial amounts to conduct further research and development and preclinical or nonclinical testing and studies and clinical trials of our current and future programs, to build a supply chain, to seek regulatory approvals for our product candidates and to launch and commercialize any products for which we receive regulatory approval, including building our own commercial organization. To date, we have financed our operations primarily through the sale of equity, assets, notes, corporate partnerships and interest income. In order to finance future operations and pay our obligations, we will be required to raise additional funds in the capital markets, through arrangements with collaboration partners or from other sources. As of December 31, 2025, we had $3.0 million of cash and cash equivalents. Based on our current plans and projections, we believe that our cash resources as of December 31, 2025, plus funding received in the first quarter of 2026 and anticipated funding will be sufficient to satisfy our critical liquidity requirements into 2027. However, our future capital requirements and the period for which our existing resources will support our operations may vary significantly from what we expect, and we will in any event require additional capital in order to complete clinical development of our current programs. Our monthly spending levels will vary based on new and ongoing development and corporate activities. Because the length of time and activities associated with development of our product candidates is highly uncertain, we are unable to estimate the actual funds we will require for development and any approved marketing and commercialization activities. Our future funding requirements, both near and long-term, will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to: • the initiation, progress, timing, costs and results of preclinical or nonclinical testing and studies and clinical trials for our product candidates; • the clinical development plans we establish for our product candidates; • the number and characteristics of future product candidates that we develop or may in-license; • our ability to establish and maintain strategic partnerships, licensing or other arrangements and the financial terms of such arrangements; • the timing, receipt and amount of sales of, or royalties on, our future products and those of our partners, if any; • the outcome, timing and cost of meeting regulatory requirements established by the FDA, the EMA and other comparable foreign regulatory authorities; • the cost of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing our patent claims and other intellectual property rights; • the cost of defending intellectual property disputes, including patent infringement actions brought by third parties against us or our product candidates; • the effect of competing technological and market developments; • the costs of establishing and maintaining a clinical and commercial supply chain for the development and manufacture of our product candidates; • the cost and timing of establishing, expanding and scaling commercial manufacturing capabilities; and • the cost of establishing sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for any product candidates for which we may receive regulatory approval in regions where we choose to commercialize our products on our own. We do not have any committed external source of funds or other support for our development efforts and we cannot be certain that additional funding will be available on acceptable terms, or at all. Until we can generate sufficient product or royalty revenue to finance our cash requirements, which we may never do, we expect to finance our future cash needs through a combination of public or private equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances, licensing arrangements, other marketing or distribution arrangements and sale of non-strategic assets. If we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we may have to significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of one or more of our products or product candidates or one or more of our other research and development initiatives as we did in August 2023 and December 2024 when we streamlined our operations to focus on our lead program. Any of the above events could significantly harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations and cause the price of our common stock to decline and we may become insolvent. From time to time we have issued, and in the future may issue, projections regarding our future cash position. Such projections include the expectation that we will be able to raise additional funds from the aforementioned sources and our ability to do so is subject to the risks described herein. 16 General economic conditions in the United States and abroad, including the impacts of public health crises, the policies of the current administration or otherwise, and geopolitical disputes and wars such the invasion of Ukraine by Russia or conflicts in the Middle East, may have a material adverse effect on the financial markets and our liquidity and financial condition, particularly if our ability to raise additional funds is impaired. Raising additional capital may cause dilution to our existing stockholders, restrict our operations or require us to relinquish rights to our technologies or product candidates. We may seek additional capital through a combination of public and private equity offerings, debt financings, strategic partnerships, alliances and licensing arrangements and the sale of non-strategic assets. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, our stockholders’ ownership interest will be diluted, and the terms may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect their rights as a stockholder. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed payment obligations and could involve certain restrictive covenants, such as limitations on our ability to incur additional debt, limitations on our ability to acquire or license intellectual property rights and other operating restrictions that could adversely impact our ability to conduct our business. If we raise additional funds through strategic partnerships and alliances and licensing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies or product candidates or grant licenses on terms unfavorable to us. We also could be required to seek collaborators for one or more of our current or future product candidates at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or relinquish our rights to product candidates or technologies that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves. The nature and length of our operating history may make it difficult to evaluate our technology and product development capabilities and predict our future performance. We have no products approved for commercial sale and have not generated any revenue from commercial product sales. Our ability to generate product revenue or profits will depend on the successful development, regulatory approval and eventual commercialization of our product candidates, which may never occur. We may never be able to develop or commercialize a marketable product. All of our programs require additional pre-clinical or clinical research and development, clinical and commercial manufacturing supply, capacity and/or expertise, building of a commercial organization, substantial investment and/or significant marketing efforts before we generate any revenue from potential product sales. Other programs of ours require additional discovery research and then preclinical development. In addition, our product candidates must be approved for marketing by the FDA or certain other health regulatory agencies, including the EMA, before we may commercialize any product. Our operating history, particularly in light of the rapidly evolving and competitive I-O field, may make it difficult to evaluate our technology and industry and predict our future performance. We will encounter risks and difficulties frequently experienced by clinical stage companies in rapidly evolving fields. If we do not address these risks successfully, our business will suffer. Similarly, we expect that our financial condition and operating results will fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. As a result, our stockholders should not rely upon the results of any quarterly or annual period as an indicator of future operating performance. In addition, as a clinical stage company, we have encountered unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown circumstances. As we advance our product candidates, we will need to transition from a company with a research and clinical focus to a company capable of supporting commercial activities. We may not be successful in such a transition. Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. Global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions in the past several years, including increased inflation, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in unemployment rates and uncertainty about economic stability, and the volatility of such market and economic conditions have increased as a result of the conflicts in the Middle East and the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and may increase as a result of other geopolitical actions, including new or ongoing tariffs and other actions that directly or indirectly impact the global economy. The scope, duration and long-term impact of conflicts in the Middle East and the Russian invasion are unknown at this time, so there can be no assurance how significant any deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will be and how long it may continue. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile geopolitical and business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly, and 17 more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or abandon clinical development plans for some or all of our pipeline candidates. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our current service providers, manufacturers and other partners may not survive these difficult economic times, which could directly affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget . As of December 31, 2025, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $3.0 million. While we are not aware of any downgrades, material losses, or other significant deterioration in the fair value of our cash equivalents and investments since December 31, 2025, no assurance can be given that deterioration of the global credit and financial markets would not negatively impact our current portfolio of cash equivalents or our ability to meet our financing objectives. Furthermore, our stock price may decline due in part to the volatility of the stock market and any general economic downturn. Our independent registered public accounting firm has included an explanatory paragraph relating to our ability to continue as a going concern in its report on our audited financial statements, and it is possible that such report on our financial statements may include such an explanation again in the future. We believe we have sufficient capital to fund our critical expenses into 2027. Going forward, if we are unable to obtain sufficient funding to support our operations or pay our obligations, we could be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate all of our research and development programs, product portfolio expansion or commercialization efforts, our financial condition and results of operations will be materially and adversely affected, and we may be unable to continue as a going concern. In the future, reports from our independent registered public accounting firm may also contain statements expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. If we seek additional financing to fund our business activities in the future and there remains substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern, investors or other financing sources may be unwilling to provide additional funding to us on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. Our obligations to the holders of our promissory notes could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and operations. In February 2015, we issued subordinated promissory notes in the aggregate principal amount of $14.0 million, of which $10.5 million remained outstanding (the “2015 Subordinated Notes”) as of December 31, 2025. In January 2026, we repaid approximately $5.4 million of the 2015 Subordinated Notes. The 2015 Subordinated Notes have been amended to extend the maturity date to June 2026 and increase the interest rate to 9%. The 2015 Subordinated Notes include default provisions that allow for the acceleration of the principal payment of the 2015 Subordinated Notes in the event we become involved in certain bankruptcy proceedings, become insolvent, fail to make a payment of principal or (after a grace period) interest on the 2015 Subordinated Notes, default on other indebtedness with an aggregate principal balance of $13.0 million or more if such default has the effect of accelerating the maturity of such indebtedness, or become subject to a legal judgment or similar order for the payment of money in an amount greater than $13.0 million if such amount will not be covered by third-party insurance. If we default on the 2015 Subordinated Notes and the repayment of such indebtedness is accelerated, our liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. In 2024, we entered into a promissory note for a loan in the aggregate principal amount of $22.0 million, which loan was modified in 2025 to increase the principal balance to $24.75 million (as modified, the “Loan”).  The Loan has a two-year term and was principally secured by our manufacturing facility in Berkeley, CA (the “Berkeley Facility”) and parcels of land located in Vacaville, CA (the “Vacaville Land”) and bears interest at an annual rate of 12% through November 30, 2025 and 13% from December 1, 2025 through November 30, 2026.  Interest under the Note is payable monthly, one half in cash and one half of the Company’s common stock. Additionally, $1.8 million of the Loan funds were held back to serve as an interest payment reserve for the Loan.  The Loan was further modified in January 2026 whereby the lender agreed to release the Berkeley Facility as collateral for the Loan in exchange for the Company’s payoff of a senior lien on the Vacaville Land, thereby giving the lender a first priority lien on the Vacaville Land as the primary security for the Loan.  The Note contains customary representations, warranties and covenants, including customary events of default, including failure to repay the Loan when due. Any event of default, if not cured or waived in a timely manner, could result in the acceleration of the Loan. If we do not have sufficient cash on hand to service or repay our obligations we may be required to raise additional capital which entails the risks described herein. Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and its financial condition and results of operations. 18 We regularly maintain cash balances at third-party financial institutions, such as Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”), in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) insurance limit.  In March 2023, SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the FDIC as receiver.  If another depository institution is subject to other adverse conditions in the financial or credit markets, it could impact access to our invested cash or cash equivalents and could adversely impact our operating liquidity and financial performance. In addition, if any parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties’ ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. Risks Related to the Development of Our Product Candidates Our business is highly dependent on the success of our clinical stage programs, including botensilimab and related combination therapy programs, which still require significant additional clinical development. Our business and future success depends in large part on our ability to obtain regulatory approval of, and then successfully launch and commercialize, our product candidates. Our timelines are aggressive and subject to various factors outside of our control, including regulatory review and approval. Although we have engaged with the FDA on our regulatory programs and protocols, there is no guarantee that our product candidates will be approved, or that we will be able to successfully commercialize these assets. If the botensilimab programs (including combination therapies with botensilimab) encounter safety, efficacy, supply or manufacturing problems, developmental delays, regulatory or commercialization issues or other problems, our development plans and business may be significantly harmed. Even though we have observed preliminary positive results based on an assessment of overall response rate and disease control rate to date in certain colorectal cancer settings, they may not necessarily be predictive of the final results of the trials or future clinical trials or otherwise be sufficient to support an approval. Many companies in the pharmaceutical, biopharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials after achieving positive results, and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. The FDA may disagree that our data and development program are sufficient to support BLA filing or approval. For example, the FDA discouraged submission of our Phase 2 results evaluating botensilimab and balstilimab  in adult patients with r/r MSS CRC with NLM in support of an accelerated approval based on the observed magnitude of effect, remaining questions about contributions of the components of the combination product, and their view that objective response rates may not translate to survival benefit, and they recommended the inclusion of a botensilimab monotherapy arm in the planned Phase 3 study. Furthermore, because botensilimab and balstilimab are both novel agents, and are being used in combination, any BLA submission for the combination will require significant information on each agent as well as the combination. All of our other product candidates are in earlier stages of development and will require additional nonclinical and/or clinical development, regulatory review and approval in multiple jurisdictions, substantial investment, access to sufficient commercial manufacturing capacity and significant marketing and commercial efforts before we can generate any revenue from product sales. Clinical drug development involves a risky, lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. We may encounter substantial delays in completing our clinical trials which in turn will require additional costs, or we may fail to demonstrate adequate safety and efficacy to the satisfaction of FDA and other foreign regulatory authorities. It is impossible to predict if or when any of our product candidates will prove safe or effective in humans or will receive regulatory approval and the risk of failure throughout the clinical development process is high. Before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of our product candidates, we must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate our product candidates are safe, pure and potent in humans and have a favorable risk-benefit profile. Clinical testing is expensive, time-consuming and uncertain as to outcome. We cannot guarantee that any clinical trials will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. A failure of one or more clinical trials can occur at any stage of testing. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval for our product candidates include: • the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to conduct additional preclinical studies or impose additional requirements before permitting us to initiate a clinical trial; • the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, Institutional Review Boards (“IRBs”) or ethics committees (“ECs”) may disagree with our study design, may require that we modify or amend our clinical trial protocols, or may not authorize us or our investigators to commence or conduct a clinical trial at a prospective trial site; 19 • we may experience delays in reaching, or fail to reach, agreement on acceptable terms with trial sites and Clinical Research Organizations ("CRO"), the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly; • clinical investigators or clinical trial sites may deviate from trial protocols or GCP requirements or drop out of a trial, and we may need to add new investigators or sites; • our CROs may fail to comply with regulatory requirements or meet their contractual obligations to us in a timely manner, if at all; • the number of participants required for clinical trials may be larger than expected, enrollment in clinical trials may be slower than expected or participants may drop out or fail to return for post-treatment follow-up at a higher rate than expected; • the cost of clinical trials and preclinical studies may be greater than we anticipate, or we may have insufficient funds to conduct such trial or study or to pay the substantial user fees required by the FDA upon the submission of a BLA; • the supply or quality of our product candidates or other materials necessary to conduct our clinical trials or preclinical studies may be insufficient or inadequate to initiate or complete a given clinical trial; • our product candidates may have undesirable side effects or other unexpected characteristics that are viewed to outweigh their potential benefits; • reports from clinical testing of other similar therapies may raise safety, tolerability or efficacy concerns about our product candidates; and • clinical trials of our product candidates may fail to show appropriate safety, purity or potency of our product candidates, may produce negative or inconclusive results or may otherwise fail to improve on the existing standard of care, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical trials or preclinical studies or we may decide to abandon product candidate development. We could encounter significant delays if a clinical trial is suspended or terminated by us, by the IRBs or ECs of the institutions in which such trials are being conducted, by an independent Safety Review Board for such trial or by the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities. Such authorities may suspend or terminate a clinical trial due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols, inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial site resulting in the imposition of a clinical hold, unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug, changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. Product development costs for any of our product candidates will increase if we have delays in testing or approval or if we need to perform more or larger clinical trials than planned. Additionally, changes in regulatory requirements and policies may occur and we may need to amend study protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our study protocols to the FDA, comparable foreign regulatory authorities, and IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of that study. Further, the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our clinical trial design and our interpretation of data from clinical trials. For example, we are conducting and may in the future conduct “open-label” clinical trials where both the patient and investigator know whether the patient is receiving the investigational product candidate or another product, such as standard of care therapy. Open-label clinical trials are subject to various limitations that may exaggerate any therapeutic effect, including “patient bias” where patients perceive their symptoms to have improved merely due to their awareness of receiving an experimental treatment and “investigator bias” where those assessing and reviewing the physiological outcomes of the clinical trials are aware of which patients have received treatment and may interpret the information of the treated group more favorably given this knowledge. Moreover, patients selected for early clinical trials often include the most severe sufferers and their symptoms may have been bound to improve notwithstanding the new treatment. If we experience delays in completion of, or if we, the FDA or other regulatory authorities, the IRB or other reviewing entities, or any of our clinical trial sites suspend or terminate any clinical trials of our product candidates, its commercial prospects may be materially harmed and our ability to generate product revenues will be delayed. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow down our development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, termination or suspension of, or a delay in the commencement or completion of, clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of our product candidates. In addition, clinical trial delays could shorten any 20 periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates or allow our competitors to bring products to market before we do, which could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. The successful development of immune modulating antibodies, including botensilimab, alone and in combination with other therapeutic candidates, is highly uncertain. Successful development of immune modulating antibodies, such as botensilimab, is highly uncertain and is dependent on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control. Immune modulating antibodies that appear promising in the early phases of development may fail to reach, or remain in, the market for several reasons, including: • clinical trial results may show our candidates to be less effective than expected (e.g., a clinical trial could fail to meet its primary endpoint(s)) or to have unacceptable side effects, toxicities or other negative consequences; • failure to receive the necessary regulatory approvals or a delay in receiving such approvals. Among other things, such delays may be caused by slow enrollment in clinical trials, patients dropping out of trials, length of time to achieve trial endpoints, additional time requirements for data analysis, or BLA preparation, disagreement with the FDA regarding clinical trial design or our interpretation of data,, an FDA request for additional nonclinical or clinical data that may be deemed necessary to meet evolving regulatory standards and pathways, other discussions with FDA, or unexpected safety or manufacturing issues; • clinical and commercial manufacturing costs, formulation issues, pricing or reimbursement issues, or other factors that make the candidates uneconomical; • proprietary rights of others and their competing products and technologies that may prevent our candidates from being commercialized or profitable; • failure to initiate or successfully complete confirmation trials for candidates that receive accelerated approval; and • the length of time necessary to complete clinical trials and to submit an application for marketing approval for a final decision by a regulatory authority may be difficult to predict for immune modulating antibodies, including for CTLA-4 antibody and related combination therapies. Even if we are successful in obtaining marketing approval, commercial success of any approved products will also depend in large part on the availability of insurance coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors, including government payors, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and private health insurers, which may be affected by existing and future healthcare reform measures designed to reduce the cost of healthcare. Third-party payors may limit coverage to a population smaller than that implied in the label granted by regulatory authorities, and could require us to conduct additional studies, including post-marketing studies related to the cost-effectiveness or comparative benefit of a product, to qualify for reimbursement, which could be costly and divert our resources. If government and other healthcare payors were not to provide adequate insurance coverage and reimbursement levels for any one of our products once approved, market acceptance and commercial success would be reduced. In addition, if any of our products are approved for marketing, we will be subject to significant regulatory obligations regarding the submission of safety and other post-marketing information and reports  and will need to continue to comply (or ensure that our third-party providers comply) with cGMPs and GCPs, for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. In addition, there is always the risk that we or a regulatory authority might identify previously unknown problems with a product post-approval, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency. Compliance with these requirements is costly and any failure to comply or other issues with our product candidates’ post-approval could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Interim top-line and preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. From time to time, we may publish interim top-line or preliminary data from our clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available and mature over time. Preliminary or top-line data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available.  Preliminary or top-line results may not be indicative of the final results from the relevant study, and the final results may not support a marketing approval for any of our product candidates. Furthermore, third parties, including regulatory authorities, may not accept or agree with our 21 assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval of, or limit commercial prospects for, the particular product candidate. Additionally, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine to disclose. There is no guarantee that botensilimab, balstilimab, zalifrelimab, or AGEN2373 (or any of our other earlier stage or partnered programs) will receive marketing approval in any jurisdiction, and failure to achieve marketing approval for any of these programs as a monotherapy or combination could have a material adverse impact on our business. Any adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business and partnership prospects. Preclinical development is uncertain. Some of our antibody programs are in early stage development that may experience delays or may never advance to clinical trials, which would adversely affect our ability to obtain regulatory approvals or commercialize these programs on a timely basis or at all, and which would have an adverse effect on our business. Several of our proprietary antibody programs are currently in early stage development, and many of our antibody programs are pre-clinical. We cannot be certain of the timely completion or outcome of our preclinical testing and studies and cannot predict if the FDA or other regulatory authorities will accept our proposed clinical programs or if the outcome of our preclinical testing and studies will ultimately support the further development of our programs. As a result, we cannot be sure that we will be able to submit INDs or similar applications for our preclinical programs on the timelines we expect, if at all, and we cannot be sure that submission of INDs or similar applications will result in the FDA or other regulatory authorities allowing clinical trials to begin. Our clinical trials or those of our current and future collaborators may reveal significant adverse events not seen in our preclinical or nonclinical studies and may result in a safety profile that could inhibit regulatory approval or market acceptance of any of our product candidates. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any products, we must demonstrate through potentially lengthy, complex and expensive preclinical studies and clinical trials that our product candidates are both safe, pure, and potent in humans and have a favorable risk-benefit profile in each target indication. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy profile despite having progressed through nonclinical studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or unacceptable safety issues, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Most product candidates that commence clinical trials are never approved as products and there can be no assurance that any of our current or future clinical trials will ultimately be successful or support further clinical development of any of our product candidates. If significant adverse events or other side effects are observed in any of our current or future clinical trials, we may have difficulty recruiting patients to our clinical trials, patients may drop out of our trials, or we may be required to abandon the trials or our development efforts of one or more product candidates altogether. We, the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities, or an institutional review board may suspend clinical trials of a product candidate at any time for various reasons, including a belief that subjects in such trials are being exposed to unacceptable health risks or adverse side effects. Some potential therapeutics developed in the biotechnology industry that initially showed therapeutic promise in early-stage trials have later been found to cause side effects that prevented their further development. Even if the side effects do not preclude the drug from obtaining or maintaining marketing approval, undesirable side effects may inhibit market acceptance of any approved product due to its tolerability versus other therapies. In addition, some patients who have serious or life-threatening illnesses and have exhausted all other available therapies may receive access to our product candidates prior to their commercial approval through compassionate use, expanded access programs, or named patient programs, collectively referred to as compassionate use programs. The risk for serious adverse events in these patient populations is high, and any adverse events that are determined to be drug-related could have a negative impact on the safety profile of our product candidates, which could impact our ability to obtain regulatory approval for and successfully commercialize our product candidates. Any of these developments could materially harm our business, financial condition and prospects. We intend to develop our existing antibody candidates, and may develop future product candidates, alone and in combination with one or more additional cancer therapies. The uncertainty resulting from the use of our product candidates in combination with other cancer therapies may make it difficult to accurately predict side effects in future clinical trials. 22 The development of product candidates for use in combination with another product or product candidate may present challenges that are not faced for single agent product candidates. For example, we are currently developing botensilimab and balstilimab in combination for the treatment of certain cancers. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to use more complex clinical trial designs in order to evaluate the contribution of each product and product candidate to any observed effects. Additionally, developments related to one product or product candidate may impact our clinical trials for the combination as well as our commercial prospects should we receive marketing approval. Such developments may include, among other things, changes to an assessment of the other product’s safety or efficacy profile, changes to the availability of the product, and quality, manufacturing and supply issues. Any of these developments could materially harm our business, financial condition and prospects. Positive results from preclinical and preliminary findings from the earlier clinical studies of our product candidates are not necessarily predictive of the results of later preclinical studies and any future clinical trials of our product candidates. If we cannot replicate the positive results from our earlier studies of our product candidates in our later studies and future clinical trials, we may be unable to successfully develop, obtain regulatory for and commercialize our product candidates. Any positive results from our preclinical studies of our product candidates may not necessarily be predictive of the results from required later preclinical studies and clinical trials. Similarly, even if we are able to complete our planned preclinical studies or any future clinical trials of our product candidates according to our current development timeline, the positive results from such preclinical studies and clinical trials of our product candidates may not be replicated in subsequent preclinical studies or clinical trial results. Moreover, positive results observed in interim data may not necessarily be predictive of the results from final, more mature data. Many companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have suffered significant setbacks in late-stage clinical trials after achieving positive preliminary results in early-stage development and we cannot be certain that we will not face similar setbacks. These setbacks have been caused by, among other things, preclinical and other nonclinical findings made while clinical trials were underway, or safety or efficacy observations made in preclinical studies and clinical trials, including previously unreported adverse events. Moreover, preclinical, nonclinical and clinical data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses and many companies that believed their product candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and clinical trials nonetheless failed to obtain FDA approval or EMA positive assessment for EC approval. If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials or if our clinical trial sites encounter staffing shortages that impact their operations, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment and in and timely completion of our clinical trials for a variety of reasons. The timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability, or the ability of our CROs to enroll a sufficient number of patients who remain in the study until its conclusion and the sites being able to operate as needed to adhere to the clinical requirements as set forth in the protocol. The enrollment of patients depends on many factors, including: • the severity of the disease under investigation; • the patient eligibility and exclusion criteria defined in the protocol; • the size of the patient population required for analysis of the trial’s primary endpoints; • the proximity of patients to trial sites; • the design of the trial; • our ability, and that of our CROs, to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience; • clinicians’ and patients’ perceptions as to the potential advantages and risks of the product candidate being studied in relation to other available therapies, including any new drugs that may be in clinical development or approved for the indications we are investigating; • the efforts to facilitate timely enrollment in clinical trials; • the patient referral practices of physicians; • the ability of our CROs and our ability to oversee and/or the monitoring of patients adequately during and after treatment; • the ability of our CROs and our ability to oversee and/or to obtain and maintain patient consents; and • the risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion. 23 In addition, our clinical trials will compete with other clinical trials for product candidates that are in the same therapeutic areas as our product candidates, and this competition will reduce the number and types of patients available to us, because some patients who might have opted to enroll in our trials may instead opt to enroll in a trial being conducted by one of our competitors. Since the number of qualified clinical investigators is limited, we expect to conduct some of our clinical trials at the same clinical trial sites that some of our competitors use, which will reduce the number of patients who are available for our clinical trials at such clinical trial sites. Moreover, because our product candidates represent a departure from more commonly used methods for our targeted therapeutic areas, potential patients and their doctors may be inclined to use conventional or newly launched competitive therapies, rather than enroll patients in any future clinical trial. Staffing shortages at clinical trial sites and delays in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of the planned clinical trials, which could prevent completion of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates. The number of product candidates that we are attempting to simultaneously advance creates a significant strain on our resources and may prevent us from successfully advancing any product candidates. If, due to our limited resources and access to capital, we prioritize development of certain product candidates, such decisions may prove to be wrong and may adversely affect our business. We or our affiliates are currently advancing multiple immune modulating antibodies, adoptive cell therapies (MiNK subsidiary) and vaccine adjuvants (SaponiQx subsidiary). Simultaneously advancing so many product candidates may create a significant strain on our limited human and financial resources. As a result, we may not be able to provide sufficient resources to any single product candidate to permit the successful development, approval and commercialization of such product candidate, causing material harm to our business. If, as we announced in December 2024, due to our limited resources and access to capital, we prioritize development of certain product candidates such as botensilimab/balstilimab in refractory MSS CRC that ultimately proves to be unsuccessful, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other product candidates or for other indications that later prove to have greater commercial potential or a greater likelihood of success. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial products or profitable market opportunities. Risks Related to the Commercialization of Our Product Candidates If we are not able to obtain, or if there are delays in obtaining, required regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we will not be able to commercialize, or will be delayed in commercializing, our product candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. Our product candidates and the activities associated with their development and commercialization, including their design, testing, manufacture, safety, efficacy, recordkeeping, labeling, storage, approval, advertising, promotion, sale, distribution, import and export are subject to comprehensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory agencies in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. Before we can commercialize any of our product candidates, we must obtain marketing approval. Except for Prophage in Russia, we have not received approval to market any of our product candidates from regulatory authorities in any jurisdiction and it is possible that none of our product candidates or any product candidates we may seek to develop in the future will ever obtain regulatory approval. Although FDA accepted for filing our BLA for balstilimab in 2021, we subsequently voluntarily withdrew such application in response to a request from FDA due to FDA granting full approval for a competing agent. We, as a company, have limited experience in filing and supporting the applications necessary to gain regulatory approvals and rely in part on third-party CROs and/or regulatory consultants to assist us in this process. Securing regulatory approval requires the submission of extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to the various regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish the product candidate’s safety and efficacy. Securing regulatory approval also requires the submission of information about the drug manufacturing process to, and inspection of manufacturing facilities by, the relevant regulatory authority. Our product candidates may not be effective, may be only moderately effective or may prove to have unacceptable side effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude our obtaining marketing approval or prevent or limit commercial use. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals, both in the United States and abroad, is expensive, may take many years if additional clinical trials are required, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially based upon a variety of factors, including the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved as well as evolving regulatory standards for products like ours. Changes in marketing approval policies during the development period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for each submitted IND, BLA or equivalent application types, may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. The FDA and comparable authorities in other countries have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that our data are insufficient for approval and require 24 additional preclinical, clinical or other studies. Additionally, the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities may change the requirements for approval even after they have reviewed and commented on the design for our clinical trials. Our product candidates could be delayed in receiving, or fail to receive, regulatory approval for many reasons, including the following: • the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with the design or implementation of our clinical trials; • we may be unable to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities that a product candidate is safe, pure and potent and has a favorable risk-benefit profile for its proposed indication; • the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to obtain clearance or approval of a companion diagnostic; • the results of clinical trials may not meet the level of statistical significance required by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for approval; • we may be unable to demonstrate that a product candidate’s clinical and other benefits outweigh its safety risks; • the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our interpretation of data from preclinical studies or clinical trials; • The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may disagree with our selected dosing regimen or regimens or determine that additional data are needed to support dose selection; • the regulatory pathway being pursued is eliminated due to the unexpected or early full approval of a competing agent, as occurred with balstilimab; • the data collected from clinical trials of our product candidates may not be sufficient to support the submission of an BLA or other submission or to obtain regulatory approval in the United States or elsewhere; • the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve our manufacturing processes or facilities or those of our third-party manufacturers with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and • the approval standard policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. As part of the BLA review, the FDA may require a panel of experts, referred to as an Advisory Committee, to deliberate on the adequacy of the safety and efficacy data to support approval. The opinion of the Advisory Committee, although not binding, may have a significant impact on our ability to obtain approval of any product candidates that we develop based on the completed clinical trials. Even if we were to obtain approval, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, authorities may not approve the price we intend to charge for our products, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve a product candidate with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that product candidate. Any of the foregoing scenarios could reduce the size of the potential market for our product candidates and materially harm the commercial prospects for our product candidates. Of the large number of drugs in development, only a small percentage successfully complete the FDA or foreign regulatory approval processes and are commercialized. The lengthy development and approval process as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial outcomes may result in our failing to obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. To the extent that we seek regulatory approval of two novel candidates at the same time, the risks and challenges associated with the regulatory review and approval process may be even more significant. If we experience delays in obtaining approval or if we fail to obtain approval of our product candidates, the commercial prospects for our product candidates may be harmed and our ability to generate revenues will be materially impaired. We may seek accelerated approval for some of our product candidates but may not be able to obtain it as the sufficiency of our clinical trial results for accelerated approval are subject to the FDA’s discretion. The general approach for FDA approval of a new biologic or drug is for sponsors to seek licensure or approval based on dispositive data from adequate and well-controlled, Phase 2 or 3 clinical trials of the relevant product candidate in the relevant patient population. Phase 3 clinical trials typically involve hundreds of patients dosed in well-controlled trials that have significant costs and may take years to complete. We may seek to utilize, among other strategies, FDA’s accelerated approval program for our product candidates given the limited alternatives for treatments for certain rare diseases, cancer and autoimmune diseases, but the FDA may 25 not agree with our plans. The FDA may grant accelerated approval to a product for a serious or life-threatening condition that provides meaningful therapeutic advantage to patients over existing treatments based upon a determination that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. The FDA may also grant accelerated approval for such a condition when the product has an effect on an intermediate clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality, or IMM, and that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on IMM or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. For drugs granted accelerated approval, FDA generally requires sponsors to conduct, in a diligent manner, additional post-approval confirmatory studies to verify and describe the product’s clinical benefit. The Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022 gave FDA the authority to require, as appropriate, a post-approval study to be underway prior to granting accelerated approval. Failure to conduct required post-approval studies with due diligence, failure to confirm a clinical benefit during the post-approval studies, or dissemination of false or misleading promotional materials would allow the FDA to withdraw the product approval on an expedited basis. If we choose to pursue accelerated approval, there can be no assurance that the FDA will agree that our proposed primary endpoint is an appropriate surrogate endpoint. Similarly, there can be no assurance that after subsequent FDA feedback that we will continue to pursue accelerated approval, even if we initially decide to do so.  For example, although we planned to seek accelerated approval for BOT/BAL based on our Phase 2 results in adult patients with r/r MSS CRC with NLM, FDA advised against the submission based on the observed magnitude of effect, remaining questions about contributions of the components of the combination product, and their view that objective response rates may not translate to survival benefit, and they recommended the inclusion of a BOT monotherapy arm in the planned Phase 3 study. If we submit an application for accelerated approval (as we currently intend to do in 2026 in the United States along with application for a conditional approval in the European Union for BOT plus BAL in refractory microsatellite-stable metastatic colorectal cancer without active liver metastases), there can be no assurance that any such application will be accepted or that approval will be granted on a timely basis, or at all. The FDA also could require us to conduct further studies or trials prior to considering our application or granting approval of any type. We might not be able to fulfill the FDA’s requirements in a timely manner, which would cause delays, or approval might not be granted because our submission is deemed incomplete by the FDA. Even if we receive accelerated approval from the FDA for one or more of our product candidates, there is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully complete one or more confirmatory trials needed to obtain full approval. We also will be subject to rigorous post-approval requirements, including submission to the FDA of all promotional materials prior to their dissemination. The FDA could withdraw accelerated approval for multiple reasons, including our failure to conduct any required post-approval study with due diligence, or the inability of such study to confirm the predicted clinical benefit. A failure to obtain accelerated approval or any other form of expedited review or approval for a product candidate could result in a longer time period prior to commercializing such product candidate, increase the cost of development of such product candidate, and harm our competitive position in the marketplace. The FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could require the clearance or approval of a companion diagnostic device as a condition of approval of our product candidates, which may require substantial financial resources and could delay regulatory approval. Approval of genetic or biomarker diagnostic tests may be necessary in order to advance some of our product candidates to clinical trials or potential commercialization. If the safe and effective use of any of our product candidates depends on an in vitro diagnostic that is not otherwise commercially available, then the FDA may require approval or clearance of that diagnostic, known as a companion diagnostic, at the same time that the FDA approves such product candidate. Companion diagnostics are developed in conjunction with clinical programs for the associated product and are subject to regulation as medical devices by the FDA and comparable regulatory authorities, and the FDA has generally required premarket approval, or PMA approval, for genetically targeted therapies. The approval of a companion diagnostic as part of an approved product’s labeling limits the use of the product to only those patients who express the specific genetic alteration that the companion diagnostic was developed to detect. If FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities requires the use of a companion diagnostic for our product candidates, we may be dependent on the cooperation and effort of third-party collaborators to develop such companion diagnostic. We and our third-party collaborators may encounter difficulties in developing, validating, and obtaining FDA clearance or approval of such companion diagnostic. The process of obtaining or creating such diagnostics is time consuming and costly, and the outcome uncertain. Any delay or failure by us or our potential future collaborators to develop or obtain regulatory clearance or approval of such companion diagnostics, if necessary, could delay or prevent approval of our product candidate. Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in other jurisdictions. Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of our product candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one 26 jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a product candidate, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the product candidate in those jurisdictions. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the United States, including additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be deemed to have representative patients enrolled or be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the United States, a product candidate must be approved for pricing and reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to negotiation or approval. We may also submit marketing applications in other countries. Regulatory authorities in jurisdictions outside of the United States have requirements for approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those jurisdictions. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets and/or receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. Our product candidates may cause unacceptable side effects that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of an approved label, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. Unacceptable side effects caused by our product candidates could cause us to interrupt, delay or halt preclinical studies or could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials and could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. As is the case with many treatments for cancer and autoimmune diseases, it is likely that there may be side effects associated with their use. Results of our trials could reveal a high and unacceptable severity and prevalence of these or other side effects. In such an event, our trials could be suspended or terminated, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities could order us to cease further development of or deny approval of our product candidates for any or all targeted indications. The treatment-related side effects could affect patient recruitment or the ability of enrolled patients to complete the trial or result in potential product liability claims. Any of these occurrences may delay and/or increase the costs of our development programs and harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. Further, clinical trials by their nature utilize a sample of the potential patient population. With a limited number of patients and limited duration of exposure, rare and severe side effects of our product candidates may only be uncovered with a significantly larger number of patients exposed to the product candidate. If our product candidates receive marketing approval and we or others identify unacceptable side effects caused by such product candidates (or any other similar drugs) after such approval, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: • regulatory authorities may withdraw or limit their approval of such product candidates; • regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a “boxed” warning or a contraindication; • we may be required to create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients; • we may be required to change the way such product candidates are distributed or administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of the product candidates which could cause delay and/or increase costs; • regulatory authorities may require a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”), plan to mitigate risks, which could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools; • we may be subject to regulatory investigations and government enforcement actions which may cause delay and/or increase costs; • we may decide to remove such product candidates from the marketplace; • we could be sued and held liable for injury caused to individuals exposed to or taking our product candidates; and • our reputation may suffer. We believe that any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product candidates and could substantially increase the costs of commercializing our product candidates, if approved, and significantly impact our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates on our projected timelines and generate revenues. 27 Our competitors may have superior products, manufacturing capability, selling and marketing expertise and/or financial and other resources. Our product candidates and the product candidates in development by our collaboration partners may fail because of competition from major pharmaceutical companies and specialized biotechnology companies that market products, or that are engaged in the development of product candidates and for the treatment cancer. Many of our competitors, including large pharmaceutical companies, have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources than we do, such as larger research and development staff, experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations and well-established sales forces. Our competitors may: • develop safer or more effective therapeutic drugs or vaccine adjuvants and other products; • establish superior intellectual property positions; • discover technologies that may result in medical insights or breakthroughs, which render our drugs or vaccine adjuvants obsolete, possibly before they generate any revenue, if ever; • adversely affect our ability to recruit patients for our clinical trials; • solidify partnerships or strategic acquisitions that may increase the competitive landscape; • develop or commercialize their product candidates sooner than we commercialize our own, if ever; or • implement more effective approaches to sales, marketing and patient assistance programs and capture some of our potential market share. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large, established companies. Established pharmaceutical companies may also invest heavily to accelerate discovery and development of novel therapeutics or to in-license novel therapeutics that could make the product candidates that we develop obsolete. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated in our competitors. Competition may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for investment in these industries. There is no guarantee that our product candidates will be able to compete with potential future products being developed by our competitors including those described under “Item 1. Business – Competition.” Even if we obtain regulatory approval to market our product candidates, the availability and price of our competitors’ products could limit the demand and the price we are able to charge for our product candidates. We may not be able to implement our business plan if the acceptance of our product candidates is inhibited by price competition or the reluctance of physicians to switch from existing methods of treatment to our product candidates, or if physicians switch to other new drug or biologic products or choose to reserve our product candidates for use in limited circumstances. Even if our product candidates receive marketing approval, we, or others, may subsequently discover that such product is less effective than previously believed or causes undesirable side effects that were not previously identified and our ability to market such product will be compromised. Clinical trials of our product candidates are conducted in carefully defined subsets of patients who have agreed to enter into such clinical trials. Consequently, it is possible that our clinical trials may indicate an apparent positive effect of a product candidate that is greater than the actual positive effect, if any, or alternatively fail to identify undesirable side effects. If one or more of our product candidates receives regulatory approval, and we, or others, later discover that they are less effective than previously believed, or cause undesirable side effects, a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: • withdrawal or limitation by regulatory authorities of approvals of such product; • seizure of the product by regulatory authorities; • recall of the product; • restrictions on the marketing of the product or the manufacturing process for any component thereof; • requirement by regulatory authorities of additional warnings on the label, such as a “black box” warning or contraindication; 28 • requirement that we implement a REMS or create a medication guide outlining the risks of such side effects for distribution to patients; • commitment to expensive additional safety studies prior to approval or post-marketing studies required by regulatory authorities of such product; • the product may become less competitive; • initiation of regulatory investigations and government enforcement actions; • initiation of legal action against us to hold us liable for harm caused to patients; and • harm to our reputation and resulting harm to physician or patient acceptance of our products. Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the particular product candidate, if approved, and could significantly harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Even if our product candidates receive marketing approval, such products may fail to achieve the degree of market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community necessary for commercial success. If any of our product candidates receive marketing approval, whether as single agents or in combination with other therapies, they may nonetheless fail to gain sufficient market acceptance by physicians, patients, third-party payors and others in the medical community. For example, current approved immunotherapies, and other cancer treatments like chemotherapy and radiation therapy, are well established in the medical community, and physicians could continue to rely on these therapies. If any of our product candidates do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance, we may not generate significant product revenues and we may not become profitable. The degree of market acceptance of any future products, if approved for commercial sale, will depend on a number of factors, including: • the prevalence and severity of the disease; • efficacy and potential advantages compared to alternative treatments; • the ability to offer our products, if approved, for sale at competitive prices; • convenience and ease of administration compared to alternative treatments; • the willingness of the target patient population to try new therapies and of physicians to prescribe these therapies; • the perceived ratio of risk and benefit of these therapies by physicians; • the strength of marketing and distribution support; • sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement, including of combination therapies; • adoption of a companion diagnostic and/or complementary diagnostic; and • the prevalence and severity of any side effects, including any limitations or warnings contained in a product’s approved labeling. Even if we are able to commercialize any product candidates, such products may not receive coverage or may become subject to unfavorable pricing regulations, inadequate coverage and reimbursement by third party payors, or healthcare reform initiatives that otherwise adversely affect demand for and access to such products,, all of which would harm our business. The legislation and regulations that govern marketing approvals, pricing and reimbursement for new drug products vary widely from country to country. Some countries require approval of the sale price of a drug before it can be marketed. In many countries, the pricing review period begins after marketing or drug licensing approval is granted and, in some countries, prescription pharmaceutical pricing remains subject to continuing governmental control even after initial approval is granted. As a result, we might obtain marketing approval for a product candidate in a particular country, but then be subject to price regulations that delay our commercial launch of the product candidate, possibly for lengthy time periods, and negatively impact the revenues we are able to generate from the sale of the product candidate in that country. In the United States, there is continued scrutiny from the Congress and regulatory authorities of the pricing of pharmaceutical products. Adverse pricing limitations may hinder our ability to recoup our investment in one or more product candidates, even if our product candidates obtain marketing approval. 29 The success of our product candidates, if approved, depends significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors. Patients who are provided medical treatment for their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Adequate coverage and reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other payors therefore are critical to new product acceptance. Because our product candidates represent new approaches to the treatment of the diseases they target, we cannot be sure that adequate coverage and reimbursement will be available for our product candidates. Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of our product candidates for which we seek regulatory approval. Government authorities and private third-party payors decide which medications they will pay for and establish reimbursement levels. Obtaining and maintaining adequate reimbursement for our product candidates, if approved, may be difficult. Moreover, the process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price of a product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that such a payor will pay for the product. Further, one payor’s determination to provide coverage for a product or decision regarding reimbursement does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage and reimbursement for our products, if they are approved. A primary trend in the healthcare industry in the United States and elsewhere is cost containment. Government authorities and third-party payors have attempted to control costs by limiting coverage and the amount of reimbursement for particular medications. There may be significant delays in obtaining reimbursement for newly-approved drugs, and coverage may be more limited than the indications for which the drug is approved by the FDA or comparable regulatory authorities outside the United States. Third-party payors may also seek, with respect to an approved product, additional clinical and health economic evidence, including comparative effectiveness evidence, that goes beyond the data required to obtain marketing approval in order to demonstrate clinical benefits and value relative to other therapies before covering our products. If so, we may be required to conduct additional pharmacoeconomic studies beyond what is required for marketing approval. Third party payors providing coverage may nonetheless manage utilization, including by implementing a drug formulary, coverage or access restrictions, establishing different copays for different drugs or requiring a prescriber to obtain prior authorization from the relevant third-party payor before a drug will be covered for a particular patient. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of our product candidates. Eligibility for reimbursement does not imply that any drug will be paid for in all cases or at a rate that covers our costs, including research, development, manufacture, regulatory approval, sale and distribution. Reimbursement for new drugs, if applicable, may also not be sufficient to cover our costs and may not be made permanent. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used; may be based on reimbursement levels already set for lower cost drugs or may be incorporated into existing payments for other services. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general, particularly prescription drugs, has become intense and new products face increasing challenges in entering the market successfully. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or requested by private payors in exchange for favorable coverage and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold. Our ability to commercialize our product candidates successfully may be adversely affected by discounts or rebates that we are required to provide in order to ensure coverage of our products and compete in the marketplace. Accordingly, we cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any drug that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, we cannot be sure as to the level of reimbursement and whether it will be adequate. Coverage and reimbursement may impact the demand for, or the price of, any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. If reimbursement is not available or is available only at limited levels, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any product candidate for which we obtain marketing approval. The market opportunities for our product candidates may be limited to those patients who are ineligible for or have failed prior treatments and may be small, and our estimates of the prevalence of our target patient populations may be inaccurate. Cancer and autoimmune therapies are sometimes characterized as first-line, second-line, third-line and even fourth-line, and the FDA often approves new therapies initially only for last-line use. Initial approvals for new cancer and autoimmune therapies are often restricted to later lines of therapy, and in the case of cancer specifically, for patients with advanced or metastatic disease. Our projections of both the number of people who have the diseases we are targeting, as well as the subset of people with these diseases in a position to receive our therapies, if approved, are based on our current beliefs and estimates. These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, input from key opinion leaders, patient foundations, or secondary market research databases, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The number of patients may turn out to be lower than expected. Additionally, the potentially addressable patient population for our product candidates may be limited or may not be amenable to treatment with our product candidates. Furthermore, regulators and payors may further narrow the therapy-accessible treatment population. Even if we obtain significant market share for 30 our product candidates, because certain of the potential target populations are small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining regulatory approval for additional indications. Prior to a product approval, we would need to build marketing, sales and commercial compliance functions, and as a company, we have no experience in marketing, selling and distributing products or adhering to commercial compliance standards and regulations. If we are unable to establish such capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to perform such functions, we may not be able to generate product revenue. We currently have a small number of individuals who have capabilities to build our marketing, sales and commercial compliance functions, and we currently have no experience as a company performing such tasks. Developing an in-house marketing team, sales force and commercial compliance function will require significant capital expenditures, management resources and time and may ultimately prove to be unsuccessful. In the event we develop and deploy these capabilities, we will have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain personnel qualified to perform these tasks. If we fail to market and sell our approved products in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, we may be subject to investigations and/or legal review and challenges which may result in fines or other penalties as well as causing distraction and reputational harm. In addition to establishing internal sales, marketing and distribution and commercial compliance capabilities, we may pursue collaborative arrangements regarding the sales and marketing of our products, however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if we are able to do so, that they will have effective sales forces. Any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties, which may not be successful. We may have little or no control over the marketing and sales efforts of such third parties and our revenue from product sales may be lower than if we had commercialized our product candidates ourselves. We also face competition in our search for third parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts of our product candidates. There can be no assurance that we will be able to develop in-house sales and distribution capabilities or establish or maintain relationships with third-party collaborators to ensure compliance and support successful commercialization of any product in the United States or overseas. Risks Related to Manufacturing and Supply Our product candidates are uniquely manufactured. If any of our third-party manufacturers encounter difficulties in manufacturing our product candidates, our ability to provide supply of our product candidates for clinical trials or our products for patients, if approved, could be delayed or stopped, or we may be unable to maintain a commercially viable cost structure. The manufacturing process used to date to produce certain of our product candidates is complex and novel and has not yet been validated for commercial production. As a result of these complexities, the cost to manufacture certain of our product candidates has been, and may continue to be, potentially higher than traditional antibodies and the manufacturing process is less reliable and is more difficult to reproduce. Furthermore, the current manufacturing process for certain of our product candidates has not been scaled up to commercial production. The actual cost to manufacture and process certain of our product candidates could be greater than we expect and could materially and adversely affect the commercial viability of such product candidates. Our manufacturing process may be susceptible to logistical issues associated with the CMO relationship, the collection of materials sourced from various suppliers as well as shipment of the final product to clinical centers, manufacturing issues associated with interruptions in the manufacturing process, contamination, equipment or reagent failure, improper installation or operation of equipment, vendor or operator error, inconsistency in production batches, and variability in product characteristics. Even minor deviations from normal manufacturing processes could result in reduced production yields, lot failures, product defects, product recalls, product liability claims and other supply disruptions. If microbial, viral, or other contaminations are discovered in our product candidates or in the manufacturing facilities in which our product candidates are made, production at such manufacturing facilities may be interrupted for an extended period of time to investigate and remedy the contamination. Further, as we transition from late-stage clinical trials toward approval and commercialization, it is common that various aspects of the development program, such as manufacturing methods, are altered along the way in an effort to optimize processes and results. Such changes carry the risk that they will not achieve these intended objectives, and any of these changes could cause our product candidates to perform differently and affect the results of planned clinical trials or other future clinical trials. In January 2026 we divested our assets that comprised our in-house planned manufacturing division, and as a result we will for the foreseeable future or longer rely on outsourced manufacturing for all of our manufacturing needs. This divestiture included the sale of our owned facility in Berkeley, California as well as our leasehold interest in our facility in Emeryville, California.  In connection with the divestiture, we entered into a contract manufacturing agreement with Zydus for certain of our manufacturing needs. We will 31 need to be monitoring our manufacturing needs on an ongoing basis and be prepared to establish relationships as needed with commercial scale manufacturing facilities that we establish at a contract manufacturing organization (“CMO”). The process of establishing an outsourced manufacturing relationship with a contracted CMO will require us to , among other things, complete the manufacturing validation process, which can be lengthy, and negotiate with such contracted CMO an agreement for clinical and commercial supply and it is not certain we will be able to come to agreement on terms acceptable to us for all product candidates. As a result, we may ultimately be unable to negotiate the cost of goods for our product candidates to levels that will allow for an attractive return on investment if and when those product candidates are commercialized. The manufacturing process for any products that we may develop is subject to the FDA and foreign regulatory authority regulation and approval process. In complying with the manufacturing regulations of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, we and our third-party suppliers must spend significant time, money, and effort in the areas of design and development, testing, production, record-keeping and quality control to assure that the products meet applicable specifications and other regulatory requirements. If we or our CMOs are unable to reliably produce products in compliance with cGMPs and to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities, we may not obtain or maintain the approvals we need to commercialize such products. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, there is no assurance that either we or our CMOs will be able to manufacture the approved product in compliance with cGMPs and to specifications acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities, to produce it in sufficient quantities to meet the requirements for the potential launch of the product, or to meet potential future demand. Additionally, failure to comply with FDA or foreign regulatory authority requirements could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates or drugs, operating restrictions, and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our products. Any of these challenges could delay completion of clinical trials, require bridging clinical trials or the repetition of one or more clinical trials, increase clinical trial costs, delay approval of our product candidates, impair commercialization efforts, increase our cost of goods, and have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Our future success depends on our ability to have our products manufactured on a timely basis with acceptable manufacturing costs, while at the same time maintaining good quality control and complying with applicable regulatory requirements, and an inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, we could incur higher manufacturing costs if manufacturing processes or standards change. Specifically, because our product candidates may have a higher cost of goods than conventional therapies, the risk that coverage and reimbursement rates may be inadequate for us to achieve profitability may be greater. We are dependent on suppliers for our components and materials used to manufacture our product candidates. We currently depend on suppliers for the components necessary for our product candidates. We cannot be sure that these suppliers will remain in business, that they will be able to meet our supply needs, or that they will not be purchased by one of our competitors or another company that is not interested in continuing to produce these materials for our intended purpose. There are, in general, relatively few alternative sources of supply for these components. These suppliers may be unable or unwilling to meet our future demands for our clinical trials or commercial sale. Establishing additional or replacement suppliers for these components could take a substantial amount of time and it may be difficult to establish replacement suppliers who meet regulatory requirements. Any disruption in supply from a supplier or manufacturing location could lead to supply delays or interruptions which would damage our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we are able to find a replacement supplier, the replacement supplier would need to be qualified and may require additional regulatory authority approval, which could result in further delay and additional costs. While we seek to maintain adequate inventory of the materials used to manufacture our products, any interruption or delay in the supply of materials, or our inability to obtain materials from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner, could impair our ability to meet the demand of our customers and cause them to cancel orders. In addition, as part of the FDA’s approval of our product candidates, we will also require FDA approval of the individual components of our process, which include the manufacturing processes and facilities of our suppliers. Our reliance on these suppliers subjects us to a number of risks that could harm our business, and financial condition, including, among other things: interruption of product candidate or commercial supply resulting from modifications to or discontinuation of a supplier’s operations; delays in product shipments resulting from uncorrected defects, reliability issues, or a supplier’s variation in a component; a lack of long-term supply arrangements for key components with our suppliers; inability to obtain adequate supply in a timely manner, or to obtain adequate supply on commercially reasonable terms; difficulty and cost associated with locating and qualifying alternative suppliers for our components and precursor cells in a timely manner; production delays related to the evaluation and testing of products from alternative suppliers, and corresponding regulatory qualifications; delay in delivery due to our suppliers prioritizing other customer orders over ours; and fluctuation in delivery by our suppliers due to changes in demand from us or their other customers. If any of these risks materialize, our manufacturing costs could significantly increase and our ability to meet clinical and commercial demand for our products could be impacted . 32 We rely on third parties for the manufacture of clinical supplies of our product candidates and expect to rely on third parties for commercial supplies of any approved product candidates for the foreseeable future. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our drug candidates or drugs or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. We expect to rely on third-party manufacturers for the manufacture of supplies of our drug candidates for the foreseeable future. At present, we do not have long-term supply agreements with all of the

--- VENDORS ---
vendors needed to produce our product candidates for commercial sale and we may be unable to establish such agreements with third-party manufacturers or do so on acceptable terms. The agreements that we do have in place with our third-party manufacturers obligate us to make significant non-refundable deposits to reserve

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturer, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspensions or withdrawals of approvals, operating restrictions, interruptions in supply and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect supplies of our drug candidates and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations as well as cause reputational damage. Any drugs that we may develop may compete with other drug candidates and drugs for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us. 33 Our current and future dependence upon others for the commercial manufacture of our drug candidates or drugs may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any drugs that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. Risks Related to Our Reliance on Third Parties We are dependent upon our collaboration with third parties to further develop and commercialize certain antibody programs. If we or any collaboration party fail to perform as expected, the potential for us to generate future revenues under such collaboration could be significantly reduced, the development and/or commercialization of these antibodies may be terminated or substantially delayed, and our business could be adversely affected. We may need to raise additional capital and may need to identify and come to agreement with another collaboration partner to advance certain of our antibody programs. Even if we are able to find another partner, this effort could cause delays in our timelines and/or additional expenses, which could adversely affect our business prospects and the future of our antibody product candidates under the collaboration. In June 2025, we entered into a license agreement with Zydus LifeSciences Ltd. related to the development and commercialization of balstilimab and botensilimab in India and Sri Lanka. This license agreement closed in January 2026. Pursuant to the license agreement, Zydus LifeSciences is responsible for all of the development, regulatory approval, manufacturing and commercialization costs in India and Sri Lanka. As part of the collaboration, Zydus LifeSciences agreed to pay to the Company a royalty equal to five percent (5%) of net sales related to the licenses product, subject to certain reductions under certain circumstances. Accordingly, the timely and successful completion by Zydus LifeSciences of development, regulatory approval, manufacturing and commercialization activities will significantly affect the timing and amount of any milestones or royalties we may receive from Zydus LifeSciences. Zydus LifeSciences’ activities will be influenced by, among other things, the efforts and allocation of resources by Zydus LifeSciences, which we cannot control. Zydus LifeSciences was also granted a right of first negotiation for the territory of China. In addition, our collaboration with Zydus LifeSciences may be unsuccessful due to other factors, including, without limitation, that Zydus LifeSciences: • may terminate the license agreement in the event of a material breach by the other party that is not remedied within sixty (60) days or otherwise waived; • has control over the development, regulatory approval, manufacturing and commercialization of balstilimab and botensilimab in India and Sri Lanka; • may change the focus of its business efforts or prioritize other programs more highly and, accordingly, reduce the efforts and resources allocated to balstilimab and botensilimab; and • may choose not to develop and commercialize balstilimab and botensilimab in all markets within India and Sri Lanka, if at all. Additionally, the US-India relationship is sometimes strained, which may impact the ability of Agenus and Zydus LifeSciences to successfully collaborate. Failure to enter into and/or maintain significant licensing, distribution and/or collaboration agreements in a timely manner and on favorable terms to us may hinder or cause us to cease our efforts to develop and commercialize our product candidates, increase our development timelines, and/or increase our need to rely on partnering or financing mechanisms, such as sales of debt or equity securities, to fund our operations and continue our current and anticipated programs. Even if we enter into and maintain such agreements, they may not prove successful, and/or we may not receive significant payments from agreements. Part of our strategy is to develop and commercialize many of our product candidates by continuing or entering into arrangements with academic, government, or corporate collaborators and licensees. Our success depends on our ability to negotiate such agreements on favorable terms and on the success of the other parties in performing research, pre-clinical and clinical testing, completing regulatory applications, and commercializing product candidates. Our research, development, regulatory and commercialization efforts with respect to antibody candidates from our technology platforms are, in part, contingent upon the participation of institutional and corporate collaborators. For example, in February 2015, we began a broad collaboration with Incyte to pursue the discovery and development of antibodies, in December 2018 we entered into a partnership with Gilead relating to five of our antibody programs and in May 2021 we entered into a license agreement with BMS relating to our anti-TIGIT bispecific antibody 34 program. Disagreements, the failure of either party to perform satisfactorily, or the termination of the arrangements by either party, which has occurred to our collaborations with Incyte, Gilead and BMS, could have an adverse impact on these programs. Our ability to advance our antibody programs depends in part on such collaborations. In addition, from time to time we engage in efforts to enter into licensing, distribution and/or collaboration agreements with one or more pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies to assist us with development and/or commercialization of our other product candidates. Any licensing, distribution and/or collaborations agreements, we enter into, may pose a number of risks, including the following: • collaborators have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply; • collaborators may not perform their obligations as expected; • collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of any product candidates that achieve regulatory approval or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs or license arrangements based on clinical trial results, changes in the collaborators’ strategic focus or available funding, or external factors, such as a strategic transaction that may divert resources or create competing priorities; • collaborators may delay clinical trials, provide insufficient funding for a clinical trial program, stop a clinical trial or abandon a product candidate, repeat or conduct new clinical trials or require a new formulation of a product candidate for clinical testing; • collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with our products and product candidates if the collaborators believe that the competitive products are more likely to be successfully developed or can be commercialized under terms that are more economically attractive than ours; • product candidates discovered in collaboration with us may be viewed by our collaborators as competitive with their own product candidates or products, which may cause collaborators to cease to devote resources to the commercialization of our product candidates; • collaborators may fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements regarding the development, manufacture, distribution or marketing of a product candidate or product; • collaborators with marketing and distribution rights to one or more of our product candidates that achieve regulatory approval may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of such product or products; • disagreements with collaborators, including disagreements over proprietary rights, contract interpretation or the preferred course of development, might cause delays or terminations of the research, development or commercialization of product candidates, might lead to additional responsibilities for us with respect to product candidates, or might result in litigation or arbitration, any of which would be time-consuming and expensive; • collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our proprietary information in such a way as to invite litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential litigation; • collaborators may infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, which may expose us to litigation and potential liability; • if a collaborator of ours is involved in a business combination, the collaborator might deemphasize or terminate the development or commercialization of any product candidate licensed to it by us; and • collaborations may be terminated by the collaborator, and, if terminated, we could be required to raise additional capital to pursue further development or commercialization of the applicable product candidates. If our current or future collaborations do not result in the successful discovery, development, approval and commercialization of products or if one of our collaborators terminates its agreement with us, we may not receive any future research funding or milestone or royalty payments under the collaboration. If we do not receive the funding we expect under these agreements, our development of our technology and product candidates could be delayed and we may need additional resources to develop product candidates and our technology. All of the risks relating to product development, regulatory approval and commercialization described herein also apply to the activities of our therapeutic collaborators. Additionally, since BMS, Incyte and Gilead, terminated their agreements with us, we may find it more difficult to attract new collaborators and our reputation in the business and financial communities could be adversely affected. 35 Collaborations are complex and time-consuming to negotiate, document and execute. In addition, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Our ability to reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator’s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator’s evaluation of a number of factors. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable collaborators on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all, we may have to curtail the development of a product candidate, reduce or delay its development program or one or more of our other development programs, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional expertise and additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. If we fail to enter into collaborations or do not have sufficient funds or expertise to undertake the necessary development and commercialization activities, we may not be able to further develop our product candidates, bring them to market and generate revenue from sales of drugs or continue to develop our technology, and our business may be materially and adversely affected. In May 2025 we terminated a license and collaboration agreement with Betta Pharmaceuticals covering the license of balstilimab and zalifrelimab in the territory of greater China, which could result in a dispute or litigation. In May 2025, we delivered to Betta Pharmaceuticals (“Betta”) a notice of termination of the license and collaboration agreement we entered into with them in June 2020. Betta indicated its disagreement with our right to terminate and requested a JSC meeting to discuss the issues.  After holding the JSC meeting as required under the agreement, we confirmed our termination of the agreement by letter in July, 2025. Betta continues to dispute the termination and has requested that we withdraw our notice of termination, which we have not done. If Betta were to initiate a legal proceeding (i.e. an arbitration proceeding in New York or other proceeding), we could incur significant legal fees and expenses, and management’s attention could be diverted from our business and, depending on the outcome we could be subject to damages, contractual obligations, or other remedies, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines or comply with regulatory requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize any potential product candidates. We depend upon third parties, including independent investigators, to conduct our clinical trials under agreements with universities, medical institutions, CROs, strategic partners and others. Such reliance obligates us to negotiate budgets and contracts with CROs and trial sites, which may result in delays to our development timelines and increased costs. We rely heavily on third parties over the course of our clinical trials, and, as a result, have limited control over the clinical investigators and limited visibility into their day-to-day activities, including with respect to their compliance with the approved clinical protocol. Nevertheless, we are responsible for ensuring that each of our trials is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal and regulatory requirements and scientific standards, and our reliance on third parties does not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and these third parties are required to comply with GCP requirements, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for product candidates in clinical development. Regulatory authorities enforce these GCP requirements through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, clinical investigators and trial sites. If we or any of these third parties fail to comply with applicable GCP requirements, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials or at a particular site may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to suspend or terminate these trials or sites, or perform additional nonclinical studies or clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot be certain that, upon inspection, such regulatory authorities will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with the GCP requirements. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with biologic product produced under cGMP requirements and may require a large number of patients. Our failure or any failure by these third parties to comply with these regulations or to recruit a sufficient number of patients may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process and increase the costs of such trials. Moreover, our business may be implicated if any of these third parties violates federal or state fraud and abuse or false claims laws and regulations or healthcare privacy and security laws. The persons engaged by third parties conducting our clinical trials are not our employees and, except for remedies that may be available to us under our agreements with such third parties, we cannot control whether or not such persons devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing pre-clinical and clinical programs. These third parties may also have relationships with other commercial 36 entities, including our competitors, for whom they may also be conducting clinical trials or other product development activities, which could affect their performance on our behalf. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines, if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to our clinical protocols or regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to complete development of, obtain regulatory approval of or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our financial results and the commercial prospects for our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenue could be delayed. If any of our relationships with these third-party CROs or others terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with alternative CROs or other third parties or to do so on commercially reasonable terms. Switching or adding additional CROs involves additional cost and requires management time and focus. In addition, there is a natural transition period when a new CRO begins work. As a result, delays may occur, which can materially impact our ability to meet our desired clinical development timelines. Though we carefully manage our relationships with our CROs as we are required to do as part of our sponsor oversight, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter similar challenges or delays in the future or that these delays or challenges will not have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and prospects. Risks Related to Government Regulations The regulatory approval process for our product candidates in the United States, European Union and other jurisdictions is currently uncertain and will be lengthy, time-consuming and inherently unpredictable and we may experience significant delays in the clinical development and regulatory approval, if any, of our product candidates. The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, approval, selling, import, export, marketing and distribution of drug products, including biologics, are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States and regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. We are not permitted to market any biological product in the United States for commercial use until we receive a biologics license from the FDA. Although FDA accepted for filing the BLA for balsilimab in 2021, we subsequently voluntarily withdrew such application in response to a request from FDA due to FDA granting full approval to a competing agent. As a result, we have not submitted a BLA for any product candidate that was approved by the FDA. Even after submission of a BLA for one or more of our product candidates, we expect the novel nature of our product candidates to create further challenges in obtaining regulatory approval. Accordingly, the regulatory approval pathway for our product candidates may be uncertain, complex, expensive and lengthy, and we may never obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates. The FDA, the EMA and other regulatory authorities may implement additional regulations or restrictions on the development and commercialization of our product candidates, which may be difficult to predict. The FDA, the EMA and regulatory authorities in other countries may implement further regulations or restrictions on biotechnology products, such as antibodies, adjuvants and adoptive cell therapies. Agencies at both the federal and state level in the United States, as well as the U.S. Congressional committees and other governments or governing agencies, have also expressed interest in further regulating the biotechnology industry. Such action may delay or prevent commercialization of some or all of our product candidates. Adverse developments in clinical trials of antibodies, vaccine adjuvants or adoptive cell therapies products may cause the FDA or other oversight bodies to change the requirements for approval of any of our product candidates. Similarly, the EMA has the responsibility for regulating antibodies, vaccine adjuvants and adoptive cell therapies in the European Union and may issue new guidelines concerning evidential requirements for the development to support marketing authorization for such products and that we are expected to take account of these new guidelines in our product development program. We may be required to perform additional studies or trials in order to satisfy the new regulatory standards and evidential requirements which can be subject to divergent interpretations. The additional studies can be costly and considerably lengthen the initially projected timeline for completing the clinical development for our product candidates. As a result, product approval and commercialization can be delayed. The new regulatory requirements may impose restrictions or post-approval commitments to monitor the safety and efficacy of our product candidates on an ongoing basis. In order for us to advance our product candidates, we will be required to consult with these regulatory agencies and comply with applicable requirements and guidelines. If we fail to do so, we may be required to delay or discontinue development of such product candidates. While many of the current administration’s proposed policies appear to be focused on deregulation, the new administration and federal government could adopt legislation, regulation, or policy that adversely affects our business or creates a more challenging and costly environment to pursue the development and commercialization of our product candidates. For example, the federal government, including the FDA, may implement legislative, regulatory, or policy changes regarding the standards for approving biologic products that we may be unable to satisfy. It is difficult to predict how executive actions that may be taken under the current administration may affect the FDA’s ability to exercise its regulatory authority. If such executive actions impose constraints on the FDA’s ability to engage in routine oversight and product review activities in the normal course, our business may be negatively impacted. 37 Breakthrough Therapy Designation or Fast Track Designation by the FDA, even if granted for any of our product candidates, may not lead to a faster development, regulatory review or approval process, and it does not increase the likelihood that any of our product candidates will receive marketing approval in the United States. We may seek a Breakthrough Therapy Designation (“BTD”) for some of our product candidates. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a therapy that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other therapies, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the therapy may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For therapies that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Therapies designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA may also be eligible for priority review and accelerated approval. Designation as a breakthrough therapy is within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe one of our product candidates meets the criteria for designation as a breakthrough therapy, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. In any event, the receipt of a BTD for a product candidate may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, the FDA may withdraw Fast Track or Breakthrough Therapy designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. If a therapy is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and the therapy demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the therapy sponsor may apply for Fast Track Designation (“FTD”). The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant this designation, so even if we believe a particular product candidate is eligible for this designation, we cannot assure our stockholders that the FDA would decide to grant it. We may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures for the product candidate for which we have received, or may receive in the future, FTD. The FDA may withdraw FTD if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. FTD alone does not guarantee qualification for the FDA’s priority review procedures. Neither FTD nor BTD changes the scientific or medical standards for approval or the quality of evidence necessary to support approval. In April 2023, we received FTD for investigation of botensilimab in combination with balstilimab for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory metastatic MSS CRC in patients with non-active liver metastases. We may seek priority review designation for one or more of our other product candidates, but we might not receive such designation, and even if we do, such designation may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. If the FDA determines that a product candidate offers a treatment for a serious condition and, if approved, the product would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness over available therapies, the FDA may designate the product candidate for priority review. A priority review designation means that the goal for the FDA is to take action on the marketing application within six months of the 60-day filing date, rather than the standard review period of ten months from filing. We may request priority review for our product candidates. The FDA has broad discretion with respect to whether or not to grant priority review status to a product candidate, so even if we believe a particular product candidate is eligible for such designation or status, the FDA may decide not to grant it. A priority review does not change the scientific or medical standards for approval or the quality of evidence necessary to support approval. Receiving priority review from the FDA does not guarantee approval within the six-month review cycle or at all. We may not be able to obtain or maintain orphan drug designations from the FDA for our current and future product candidates, as applicable. Our strategy includes filing for orphan drug designation where available for our product candidates, but thus far, our applications for orphan drug designation with respect to balstilimab and zalifrelimab have been rejected. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is defined as one occurring in a patient population of fewer than 200,000 in the United States, or a patient population greater than 200,000 in the United States where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug or biologic will be recovered from sales in the United States. In the United States, orphan drug designation entitles a party to financial incentives, such as opportunities for grant funding toward clinical trial costs, tax advantages and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full new drug application, or NDA, or BLA, to market the same drug or biologic for the same indication for seven years, except in limited 38 circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity or where the original manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient product quantity. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be limited if we seek approval for an indication broader than the orphan-designated indication or may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if we are unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the orphan- designated disease or condition. Further, even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs with different active moieties may receive and be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan-designated product is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve a later drug with the same active moiety for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior if it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. Orphan drug designation neither shortens the development time or regulatory review time of a drug, nor gives the drug any advantage in the regulatory review or approval process. In addition, while we may again seek orphan drug designation for our product candidates, we may never receive such designations. If approved, our product candidates that are regulated as biological products, or biologics, may face competition from biosimilars approved through an abbreviated regulatory pathway. The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act of 2009 (“BPCIA”) established an abbreviated pathway for the approval of biosimilar and interchangeable biologics with an FDA-licensed reference biologic product. Under the BPCIA, a reference biological product is granted 12 years of non-patent data exclusivity from the time of first licensure of the product, and the FDA will not accept an application for a biosimilar or interchangeable product based on the reference biological product until four years after the date of first licensure of the reference product. In addition, the approval of a biosimilar product may not be made effective by the FDA until 12 years from the date on which the reference product was first licensed. During this 12-year period of exclusivity, another company may still develop and receive approval of a competing biologic, so long as their BLA does not rely on the reference product or sponsor’s data and is not submitted as a biosimilar application. Certain changes and supplements to an approved BLA, and subsequent applications filed by the same sponsor, manufacturer, licensor, predecessor in interest, or other related entity do not qualify for the 12-year exclusivity period. The law is complex and any new policies or processes adopted by the FDA could have a material adverse effect on the future commercial prospects for our biological products. We believe that any of our product candidates that receive FDA approval, if any, will qualify for the current 12-year period of exclusivity.  However, there is a risk that this exclusivity could be shortened due to congressional action or otherwise, or that the FDA will not consider the subject product candidate to be a reference product for competing products, potentially creating the opportunity for biosimilar competition sooner than anticipated. Moreover, the extent to which a biosimilar, once approved, will be substituted for any one of the reference products in a way that is similar to traditional generic substitution for non-biological products will depend on a number of marketplace and regulatory factors that are still developing. The approval of a biosimilar of our product candidates could have a material adverse impact on our business due to increased competition and pricing pressure. It is also possible that payors will give reimbursement preference to biosimilars over reference biological products, even absent a determination of interchangeability. Laws and regulations outside the United States differ, including the length and extent of patent and exclusivity protection and pathways for competition to enter the market. Other countries may have significantly shorter or longer periods of exclusivity. In addition, other countries may have different standards in determining similarity to a reference product. Any market entry of competing products to our product candidates in these other regions could adversely affect our business in those regions. To the extent that we do not receive any anticipated periods of regulatory exclusivity for our product candidates it could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Our business operations and current and future arrangements with third parties such as investigators, healthcare professionals and other healthcare providers, third-party payors, patients, patient organizations and purchasers of our products, may expose us to investigations, litigation, criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. Our business operations and current and future arrangements with contractors, investigators, healthcare professionals, consultants, third-party payors, patient organizations, and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations. These laws may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we conduct our operations, including how we research, market, sell, and distribute our product candidates, if approved. Such laws, some of which may apply only after our products are approved for marketing, include: 39 • the federal healthcare anti-kickback statute, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving, or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward, either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made, under federal and state healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the anti-kickback statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; • the federal False Claims Act (“FCA”), which imposes criminal and civil penalties on individuals or entities for knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease, or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government and actions under the FCA may be brought by private whistleblowers as well as the government. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items and services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for the purposes of the FCA; • the federal civil monetary penalties laws, which impose civil fines for, among other things, the offering or transfer of remuneration to a Medicare state healthcare program beneficiary if the person knows or should know it is likely to influence the beneficiary’s selection of a particular provider, practitioner, or supplier of services reimbursable by a Medicare or a state healthcare program; • the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), as amended, which imposes criminal and civil liability for executing a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private health plans, and also establishes requirements related to the privacy security, and transmission or individually identifiable health information which apply to many healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors with whom we interact; • the federal false statement statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false statement in connection with the delivery of, or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services; • the federal anti-kickback prohibition known as Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act, or EKRA, which prohibits certain payments related to referrals of patients to certain providers (recovery homes, clinical treatment facilities, and laboratories) and applies to services reimbursed by private health plans as well as government health care programs; • the FDCA, which, among other things, strictly regulates drug product and medical device marketing, prohibits manufacturers from marketing such products for off-label use and regulates the distribution of samples; • federal laws, such as the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, that require pharmaceutical manufacturers to calculate, report and certify certain complex product prices to the government or provide certain discounts or rebates to government authorities or private entities, often as a condition of reimbursement under governmental healthcare programs; • federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; • the so-called federal “sunshine law” or Open Payments which requires manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies to report to the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services information related to payments and other “transfers of value” to teaching hospitals, physicians and other healthcare practitioners, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and • analogous state laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private health plans, and state laws which regulate interaction between pharmaceutical companies and healthcare providers, require pharmaceutical companies to comply with specific compliance standards, require pharmaceutical companies to report information on transfers of value to other healthcare providers, marketing expenditures; or pricing information and/or require licensing of sales representatives. State laws also govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. In addition, the approval and commercialization of any of our product candidates outside the United States will also likely subject us to foreign equivalents of the healthcare laws mentioned above, amount other foreign laws. 40 We have adopted and revised our code of business conduct and ethics, which we review and update on a periodic basis, but it is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent inappropriate conduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. Efforts to ensure that our business arrangements with third parties will comply with applicable healthcare and other laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. Given the breadth of the laws and regulations and narrowness of any exceptions, limited guidance for certain laws and regulations and evolving government interpretations of the laws and regulations, regulatory authorities may possibly conclude that our business practices may not comply with healthcare laws and regulations, including our consulting agreements and other relationships with healthcare providers. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental laws and regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to actions including the imposition of civil, criminal, and administrative penalties, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid, and other federal healthcare programs, individual imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting requirements, or oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. Further, defending against any such actions can be costly, time consuming, and may require significant personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired . Even if we receive regulatory approval of any product candidates or therapies, we will be subject to ongoing regulatory obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense, limit how we market and manufacture our products, and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates. If any of our product candidates are approved, they will be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, sampling, record-keeping, export, import, conduct of post-marketing studies and submission of safety, efficacy and other post-market information, including both federal and state requirements in the United States and requirements of comparable foreign regulatory authorities. In addition, we will be subject to continued compliance with cGMP and GCP requirements for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. Application holders must further notify the FDA, and depending on the nature of the change, obtain FDA pre-approval for product and manufacturing changes. Manufacturers and manufacturers’ facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA, and comparable foreign regulatory authority requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to cGMP regulations. As such, we and our contract manufacturers will be subject to continual review and inspections to assess compliance with cGMP and adherence to commitments made in any BLA, other marketing application, and previous responses to inspection observations. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money, and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. Any regulatory approvals that we receive for our product candidates may be subject to limitations on the approved indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to the conditions of approval, or contain requirements for potentially costly post-marketing testing, including Phase 4 clinical trials and surveillance to monitor the safety and efficacy of the product candidate. The FDA may also require a REMS program as a condition of approval of our product candidates, which could entail requirements for long-term patient follow-up, a medication guide, physician communication plans or additional elements to ensure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. In addition, if the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority approves our product candidates, we will have to comply with requirements including submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports and registration. The FDA may impose consent decrees or withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with our product candidates, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with our third-party manufacturers or manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: • restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of our products, withdrawal of the product from the market or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 41 • fines, warning letters or holds on clinical trials; • refusal by the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us or suspension or revocation of license approvals; • product seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of our product candidates; and • injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising, and promotion of products that are in development, as well as those placed on the market. Products may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability. The policies of the FDA and of other regulatory authorities may change and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent, limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained which would adversely affect our business, prospects and ability to achieve or sustain profitability. We also cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future legislation or administrative or executive action, either in the United States or abroad. If any such actions impose constraints on FDA’s ability to engage in oversight and implementation activities in the normal course, our business may be negatively impacted. Ongoing healthcare legislative and regulatory reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Changes in statutes, regulations or the interpretation of the same could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our products; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. In the United States, there have been and continue to be a number of initiatives to reform delivery of, or payment, for healthcare, which include initiatives to reduce the cost of healthcare generally and drugs specifically. For example, in March 2010, the United States Congress enacted the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (“ACA”), which expanded healthcare coverage through Medicaid expansion and the implementation of the individual mandate for health insurance coverage and which included a number of changes to the coverage and reimbursement of drug products under government healthcare programs as well as the imposition of annual fees on manufacturers of branded pharmaceuticals. Beyond the ACA, there have been and are ongoing and widespread health care reform efforts, a number of which have focused on regulation of prices or payment for drug products. Drug pricing and payment reform has been an ongoing focus.  For example, federal legislation eliminated a statutory cap on Medicaid drug rebate program rebates effective January 1, 2024. As another example, the Inflation Reduction Act (“IRA”) of 2022 includes a number of changes intended to address rising prescription drug prices in Medicare Parts B and D, with varying implementation dates. These changes include caps on Medicare Part D out-of-pocket costs, Medicare Part B and Part D drug price inflation rebates, a new Medicare Part D manufacturer discount drug program (replacing the Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program implemented under ACA) and a drug price negotiation program for certain high spend Medicare Part B and D drugs (with negotiated prices for the first set of drugs scheduled to take effect in 2026). Subsequent to the enactment of the IRA, in 2022, the Biden Administration announced its commitment to expanding certain IRA reforms. There have been significant and wide-ranging reforms to federal policy and the federal government under the new presidential administration, including reductions in the federal workforce at key federal healthcare agencies. Drug pricing and payment reform was a focus of the prior Trump administration and that focus is likely to continue under the current administration. Other potential healthcare reform efforts under the current administration may affect access to healthcare coverage or the funding of health care benefits. There is significant uncertainty regarding the nature or impact of any such reform implemented by the current administration through executive action or by Congress. Healthcare reform efforts have been and may continue to be subject to scrutiny and legal challenge. For example, with respect to the ACA, tax reform legislation was enacted that eliminated the tax penalty established for individuals who do not maintain mandated health insurance coverage beginning in 2019 and, in 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the latest judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. As another example, revisions to regulations under the federal anti-kickback statute would remove protection for traditional Medicare Part D discounts offered by pharmaceutical 42 manufacturers to pharmacy benefit managers and health plans. Pursuant to court order, the removal was delayed and subsequent legislation imposed a moratorium on implementation of the rule until January 2032. As another example, the IRA drug price negotiation program has been challenged in litigation filed by various pharmaceutical manufacturers and industry groups. Recently, there has been considerable public and government scrutiny of pharmaceutical pricing and proposals to address the perceived high cost of pharmaceuticals.  At the state level, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. We expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any of our product candidates, if and when approved for marketing, due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, cost containment initiatives and additional legislative changes. In addition, other legislative changes have been adopted that could have an adverse effect upon, and could prevent, our product candidates’ commercial success. For example, the Budget Control Act of 2011, as amended, or the Budget Control Act, includes provisions intended to reduce the federal deficit, including reductions in Medicare payments to providers through 2032. Any significant spending reductions affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs, or any significant taxes or fees imposed as part of any broader deficit reduction effort or legislative replacement to the Budget Control Act, or otherwise, could have an adverse impact on our anticipated product revenues. Adoption of new legislation at the federal or state level could affect demand for, or pricing of, our product candidates if approved for sale. We cannot predict the ultimate content, timing or effect of any federal and state reform efforts. There is no assurance that federal or state healthcare reform will not adversely affect our future business and financial results. European Union drug marketing and reimbursement regulations may materially affect our ability to market and receive coverage for our products in the European member states. We intend to seek approval to market our product candidates in both the United States and in selected foreign jurisdictions. If we obtain approval in one or more foreign jurisdictions for our product candidates, we will be subject to rules and regulations in those jurisdictions. In some foreign countries, particularly those in the European Union, the pricing of pharmaceutical products is subject to governmental control and other market regulations which could put pressure on the pricing and usage of our product candidates. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after obtaining marketing approval of a product candidate. In addition, market acceptance and sales of our product candidates will depend significantly on the availability of adequate coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors for our product candidates and may be affected by existing and future healthcare reform measures. Much like the Anti-Kickback Statute prohibition in the United States, the provision of benefits or advantages to physicians to induce or encourage the prescription, recommendation, endorsement, purchase, supply, order or use of medicinal products is also prohibited in the European Union. The provision of benefits or advantages to physicians is governed by the national anti-bribery laws of European Union Member States. Infringement of these laws could result in substantial fines and imprisonment. Payments made to physicians in certain European Union Member States must be publicly disclosed. Moreover, agreements with physicians often must be the subject of prior notification and approval by the physician’s employer, his or her competent professional organization and/or the regulatory authorities of the individual European Union Member States. These requirements are provided in the national laws, industry codes or professional codes of conduct, applicable in the European Union Member States. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in reputational risk, public reprimands, administrative penalties, fines or imprisonment. In addition, in most foreign countries, including the European Economic Area, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing and reimbursement vary widely from country to country. For example, the European Union provides options for its member states to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. Reference pricing used by various European Union member states and parallel distribution, or arbitrage between low-priced and high-priced member states, can further reduce prices. A member state may approve a specific price for the medicinal product, or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. In some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial or other studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of any of our product candidates to other available therapies in order to obtain or maintain reimbursement or pricing approval. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our products. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the United States and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. Publication of discounts by third-party payors 43 or authorities may lead to further pressure on the prices or reimbursement levels within the country of publication and other countries. If pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels or if reimbursement of our products is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, our revenues from sales by us or our strategic partners and the potential profitability of any of our product candidates in those countries would be negatively affected. European data collection is governed by restrictive regulations governing the use, processing, and cross-border transfer of personal information. The collection and use of personal health data in the European Union (“EU”), was previously governed by the provisions of the Data Protection Directive, which has been replaced by the General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (“GDPR”) as of May 2018. The GDPR imposes a broad range of strict requirements on companies subject to the GDPR, such as us, including requirements relating to having legal bases for processing personal information relating to identifiable individuals and transferring such information outside the European Economic Area, (“EEA”), including to the United States, providing details to those individuals regarding the processing of their personal information, keeping personal information secure, having data processing agreements with third parties who process personal information, responding to individuals’ requests to exercise their rights in respect of their personal information, reporting security breaches involving personal data to the competent national data protection authority and affected individuals, appointing data protection officers, conducting data protection impact assessments, and record-keeping. The GDPR substantially increases the penalties to which we could be subject in the event of any non-compliance, including fines of up to 10 million Euros or up to 2% of our total worldwide annual turnover for certain comparatively minor offenses, or up to 20 million Euros or up to 4% of our total worldwide annual turnover for more serious offenses. Given the new law, we face uncertainty as to the exact interpretation of the new requirements, and we may be unsuccessful in implementing all measures required by data protection authorities or courts in interpretation of the new law. In particular, national laws of member states of the EU are in the process of being adapted to the requirements under the GDPR, thereby implementing national laws which may partially deviate from the GDPR and impose different obligations from country to country, so that we do not expect to operate in a uniform legal landscape in the EU. Also, in the field of handling genetic data, the GDPR specifically allows national laws to impose additional and more specific requirements or restrictions, and European laws have historically differed quite substantially in this field, leading to additional uncertainty. With respect to our clinical trials in the EEA, we must also ensure that we maintain adequate safeguards to enable the transfer of personal data outside of the EEA, in particular to the United States in compliance with European data protection laws including the GDPR. We expect that we will continue to face uncertainty as to whether our efforts to comply with our obligations under European privacy laws will be sufficient. If we are investigated by a European data protection authority, we may face fines and other penalties. Any such investigation or charges by European data protection authorities could have a negative effect on our existing business and on our ability to attract and retain new clients or pharmaceutical partners. We may also experience hesitancy, reluctance, or refusal by European or multi-national clients or pharmaceutical partners to continue to use our products and solutions due to the potential risk exposure as a result of the current (and, in particular, future) data protection obligations imposed on them by certain data protection authorities in interpretation of current law, including the GDPR. Such clients or pharmaceutical partners may also view any alternative approaches to compliance as being too costly, too burdensome, too legally uncertain, or otherwise objectionable and therefore decide not to do business with us. Any of the foregoing could materially harm our business, prospects, financial condition and results of operations. Laws and regulations governing any international operations may preclude us from developing, manufacturing and selling certain products outside of the United States and require us to develop and implement costly compliance programs. Because we have operations outside of the United States, we must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we plan to operate. The FCPA prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. Compliance with the FCPA is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. We, directly or through our CROs, are conducting clinical trials in countries that Transparency International has identified as “perceived as more corrupt”, including, Brazil, Chile, Georgia, Russia and Ukraine. In addition, the FCPA presents particular 44 challenges in the pharmaceutical industry, because, in many countries, hospitals are operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign officials. Certain payments to hospitals in connection with clinical trials and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials and have led to FCPA enforcement actions. Various laws, regulations and executive orders also restrict the use and dissemination outside of the United States, or the sharing with certain non-U.S. nationals, of information classified for national security purposes, as well as certain products and technical data relating to those products. As we expand our presence outside of the United States, we must dedicate additional resources to comply with these laws, and these laws may preclude us from developing, manufacturing, or selling certain products and product candidates outside of the United States, which could limit our growth potential and increase our development costs. The failure to comply with laws governing international business practices may result in substantial civil and criminal penalties and suspension or debarment from government contracting. The SEC also may suspend or bar issuers from trading securities on U.S. exchanges for violations of the FCPA’s accounting provisions. Our use of new and evolving technologies, such as artificial intelligence, or AI, may present risks and challenges that can impact our business, including by posing cybersecurity and other risks to our confidential and/or proprietary information, including personal information, and as a result we may be exposed to reputational harm and liability. We may use, and our vendors may incorporate, AI both in our own development and implementation of AI and through the adoption of commercially available tools. The use of AI presents risks and challenges that could adversely affect our business, including cybersecurity, data privacy, IT, confidentiality, regulatory, legal, operational, competitive, reputational and intellectual property risks. Specifically, risks related to accuracy, bias, artificial intelligence hallucinations, discrimination, harmful content, misinformation, fraud, scams, targeted attacks (including model poisoning or data poisoning), surveillance, data leakage, environmental and other harms may flow from our development or use of AI technologies. For example, use of certain AI tools may increase the risk of unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, compromise of proprietary intellectual property, or inadvertent inclusion of third-party intellectual property or other protected material, which could result in disputes or claims of infringement. Additionally, government and supranational regulation related to AI is evolving and could increase the burden and cost of compliance, including through requirements related to transparency, accountability, risk management, human oversight, and data governance. The EU’s Artificial Intelligence Act, or AI Act, started coming into force in August 2024, with important parts of the new law scheduled to come into effect in August 2026. In the United States, the regulatory environment is complex and uncertain. Over the past year, states have advanced, and in some cases passed, dozens of laws focusing on AI governance and regulation, including on deployment of AI in healthcare settings. At the federal level, the current administration endorsed a federal moratorium on the enforcement of state AI laws. So far, these efforts have not been successful at curtailing state action on AI regulation, contributing to a complicated legislative patchwork. In addition, there is continued uncertainty regarding the application of existing federal and state legal frameworks to uses and development of AI, and legal norms and market standards regarding AI continue to evolve. For example, the FDA issued guidance on the use of AI in medical devices, requiring detailed risk management and review processes to obtain approvals. If we develop or use AI systems that are governed by these laws or regulations, we will need to meet higher standards of data quality, transparency, and human oversight, and we would need to adhere to specific and potentially burdensome and costly ethical, accountability, and administrative requirements.  The rapid evolution of AI will require the application of significant resources to help ensure that AI is implemented in accordance with applicable law and regulation and in a socially responsible manner. The use of certain AI technologies can also give rise to intellectual property risks.  The use of AI tools by our vendors also exposes us to risk. We are subject to certain U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions (including sanctions against Russia following their invasion of Ukraine), and other trade laws and regulations. We can face serious consequences for violations. Among other matters, U.S. and foreign anti-corruption, anti-money laundering, export control, sanctions, and other trade laws and regulations, which are collectively referred to as Trade Laws, prohibit companies and their employees, agents, clinical research organizations, legal counsel, accountants, consultants, contractors, and other partners from authorizing, promising, offering, providing, soliciting, or receiving directly or indirectly, corrupt or improper payments or anything else of value to or from recipients in the public or private sector. Violations of Trade Laws can result in substantial criminal fines and civil penalties, imprisonment, the loss of trade privileges, debarment, tax reassessments, breach of contract and fraud litigation, reputational harm, and other consequences. We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or government-affiliated hospitals, universities, and other organizations. We also expect our non-U.S. activities to increase in time. We engage third parties for clinical trials and/or to obtain necessary permits, licenses, patent registrations, and other regulatory approvals and we can be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of our personnel, agents, or partners, even if we do not explicitly authorize or have prior knowledge of such 45 activities. The Russian invasion of Ukraine has resulted in new and expanded U.S. and EU sanctions against Russia which have impacted the conduct of business with Russian entities. Inadequate funding for the FDA and other government agencies could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, statutory, regulatory, and policy changes and the impact of crises that hinder its operations. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. Disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, the current administration appears to be to focused on decreasing spending in the federal government, including through significant staff reductions.  Any significant staff reductions at FDA could impact the agency’s ability to engage in routine regulatory and oversight activities and result in delays or limitations on our ability to proceed with clinical development programs and obtain regulatory approvals. Additionally, over the last several years , the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA, have had to furlough critical FDA and other government employees and stop critical activities. If significant staff reductions or  a prolonged government shutdown occur, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. If we do not comply with environmental laws and regulations, we may incur significant costs and potential disruption to our business. We use or may use hazardous, infectious, and radioactive materials, and recombinant DNA in our operations, which have the potential of being harmful to human health and safety or the environment. We store these hazardous (flammable, corrosive, toxic), infectious, and radioactive materials, and various wastes resulting from their use, at our facilities pending use and ultimate disposal. We are subject to a variety of federal, state, and local laws and regulations governing use, generation, storage, handling, and disposal of these materials. We may incur significant costs complying with both current and future environmental health and safety laws and regulations. In particular, we are subject to regulation by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, the Drug Enforcement Agency, the Department of Transportation, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the National Institutes of Health, the International Air Transportation Association, and various state and local agencies. At any time, one or more of the aforementioned agencies could adopt regulations that may affect our operations. We are also subject to regulation under the Toxic Substances Control Act and the Resource Conservation Development programs. Although we believe that our current procedures and programs for handling, storage, and disposal of these materials comply with federal, state, and local laws and regulations, we cannot eliminate the risk of accidents involving contamination from these materials. Although we have a workers’ compensation liability policy, we could be held liable for resulting damages in the event of an accident or accidental release, and such damages could be substantially in excess of any available insurance coverage and could substantially disrupt our business. If we or our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors fail to comply with laws or regulations, it could adversely impact our reputation, business and stock price. We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners and vendors. Misconduct by employees could include intentional and/or negligent failures to comply with FDA regulations, to provide accurate information to the FDA, to comply with manufacturing standards we have established, to comply with federal and state health care fraud and abuse, transparency, and/or data privacy laws and regulations (including the California Consumer Privacy Act) and security laws and regulations, to report financial information or data accurately or to disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices; to promote transparency; and to protect the privacy and security of patient data. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. If we obtain FDA approval of any of our product candidates and begin commercializing those products in the United States, our potential exposure under such laws will increase significantly, and our costs associated with compliance with such laws are also likely to increase. These 46 laws may impact, among other things, our current activities with principal investigators and research patients, as well as proposed and future sales, marketing and education programs. While we have adopted a corporate compliance program, we may not be able to protect against all potential issues of noncompliance. Efforts to ensure that our business complies with all applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices may not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, or case law involving applicable laws and regulations. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use or disclosure of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. In addition, during the course of our operations, our directors, executives and employees may have access to material, nonpublic information regarding our business, our results of operations or potential transactions we are considering. We may not be able to prevent a director, executive or employee from trading in our common stock on the basis of, or while having access to, material, nonpublic information. If a director, executive or employee was to be investigated, or an action was to be brought against a director, executive or employee for insider trading, it could have a negative impact on our reputation and our stock price. Such a claim, with or without merit, could also result in substantial expenditures of time and money, and divert the attention of our management team. Risks associated with doing business internationally could negatively affect our business. We currently have clinical operations in the United Kingdom (“UK”), and we expect to pursue pathways to develop and commercialize our product candidates in both U.S. and ex-U.S. jurisdictions. Various risks associated with foreign operations may impact our success. Possible risks of foreign operations include fluctuations in the value of foreign and domestic currencies, requirements to comply with various jurisdictional requirements such as data privacy regulations, disruptions in the import, export, and transportation of patient tumors and our products or product candidates, the product and service needs of foreign customers, difficulties in building and managing foreign relationships, the performance of our licensees or collaborators, geopolitical instability, unexpected regulatory, economic, or political changes in foreign and domestic markets, including without limitation any resulting from the UK’s withdrawal from the EU or our current political regime, and limitations on the flexibility of our operations and costs imposed by local labor laws. The exit of the UK from the European Union may materially affect the regulatory regime that governs our handling of EU personal data and expose us to legal and business risks under European data privacy and protection law. As a result of the UK exiting the EU, commonly known as Brexit, since January 1, 2021, any transfers of personal data to the UK are subject to the requirements of Chapter V of the GDPR and of the Law Enforcement Directive and absent an adequacy finding under GDPR, transfers of personal data from the EU to the UK, would be illegal without adequate safeguards provided for under EC-approved mechanisms, such as current standard contractual clauses or, if approved in the future, an EU-UK privacy shield similar to the current framework in place between the EU and the United States. The extensive authority of UK intelligence and law enforcement agencies, including to conduct surveillance on personal data flows, could reduce the likelihood that the EC would give the UK an adequacy finding and reduce the likelihood that the EC would approve an EU-UK privacy shield. Accordingly, we may be exposed to legal risk for any of our EU-UK personal data transfers, including those that involve sensitive data such as patient and genetic data. Given the uncertainties surrounding the UK’s departure from the EU, it is difficult to precisely identify or quantify the risks described above. Additionally, it is possible that, over time, the UK Data Protection Act could become less aligned with the GDPR, which could require us to implement different compliance measures for the UK and the European Union and result in potentially enhanced compliance obligations for EU personal data. As a result, Brexit adds legal risk, uncertainty, complexity and cost to our handling of EU personal information and our privacy and data security compliance programs. If we do not successfully manage such risk, our prospects may be materially harmed. Our ability to use net operating losses and research and development credits to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. As of December 31, 2025, we had U.S. federal and state net operating loss, or Net Operating Losses (“NOLs”), carryforwards of $992.4 million and $532.5 million, respectively, which may be available to offset future taxable income. The federal NOLs include $445.9 million which expire at various dates through 2044 and $546.5 million which carryforward indefinitely. The state NOLs expire at various dates through 2044, with the exception of $1.9 million of these net operating loss carryforwards which do not expire. As of December 31, 2025, we also had U.S. federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of $3.8 million and $1.2 47 million, respectively, which may be available to offset future tax liabilities and begin to expire in 2026. In addition, in general, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code and corresponding provisions of state law, a corporation that undergoes an “ownership change” is subject to limitations on its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating loss carryforwards or tax credits, or NOLs or credits, to offset future taxable income or taxes. For these purposes, an ownership change generally occurs where the aggregate stock ownership of one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who owns at least 5% of a corporation’s stock increases its ownership by more than 50 percentage points over its lowest ownership percentage within a specified testing period. Our existing NOLs or credits may be subject to limitations arising from previous ownership changes, including in connection with our recent private placements, IPO and other transactions. In addition, future changes in our stock ownership, many of which are outside of our control, could result in an ownership change under Sections 382 and 383 of the Code and our ability to utilize NOLs or credits may be impaired. Our NOLs or credits may also be impaired under state law. Accordingly, we may not be able to utilize a material portion of our NOLs or credits. Furthermore, our ability to utilize our NOLs or credits is conditioned upon our attaining profitability and generating U. S. federal and state taxable income. As described above under “

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials. Our goal is to meet the demands of the vaccine industry, especially for pandemic vaccines. Our bark extract QS-21 adjuvant is partnered with GSK and plays a vital role in multiple GSK vaccine programs. These programs are at various stages, including GSK’s approved shingles and RSV vaccines, SHINGRIX and AREXVY, which received FDA approval in the United States in October 2017 and May 2023, respectively. In January 2018, we entered into a Royalty Purchase 69 Agreement with Healthcare Royalty Partners III, L.P. and certain of its affiliates (together, “HCR”), pursuant to which HCR purchased 100% of our worldwide rights to receive royalties from GSK on GSK’s sales of vaccines containing our QS-21 adjuvant. We do not incur clinical development costs for products partnered with GSK. We were also entitled to receive up to $40.35 million in milestone payments from HCR based on sales of GSK’s vaccines as follows: (i) $15.1 million upon reaching $2.0 billion last-twelve-months net sales any time prior to 2024 (the “First HCR Milestone”) and (ii) $25.25 million upon reaching $2.75 billion last-twelve-months net sales any time prior to 2026 (the “Second HCR Milestone”). We received the First HCR Milestone after GSK’s net sales of Shingrix for the twelve months ended December 31, 2019 exceeded $2.0 billion. The Second HCR Milestone was received in 2022 after GSK’s net sales of Shingrix for the twelve months ended June 30, 2022 exceeded $2.75 billion. In October 2021, we completed the initial public offering (“IPO”) of MiNK, which trades on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the ticker symbol “INKT.” MiNK is a clinical stage biopharmaceutical company focused on developing allogeneic invariant natural killer T (“iNKT”) cell therapies to treat cancer and other life-threatening immune diseases. Our business activities include product research, preclinical and clinical development, intellectual property prosecution, manufacturing, regulatory and clinical affairs, corporate finance and development activities, and support of our collaborations. Our product candidates require successful clinical trials and approvals from regulatory agencies, as well as acceptance in the marketplace. Part of our strategy is to develop and commercialize some of our product candidates through arrangements with academic and corporate collaborators and licensees. Our common stock is currently listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “AGEN.” Our research and development expenses for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, were $79.3 million, $155.5 million, and $234.6 million, respectively. We have incurred significant losses since our inception. As of December 31, 2025, we had an accumulated deficit of $2.18 billion. We are likely to continue to incur losses until we become a commercial company generating profits. Historical Results of Operations The comparison of 2024 to 2023 results has been omitted from this Form 10-K but can be found in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 – “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” filed on March 17, 2025. Year Ended December 31, 2025 Compared to the Year Ended December 31, 2024 Pre-commercial product revenue We recognized pre-commercial product revenue of approximately $4.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2025, representing sales of BOT+BAL provided to patients through regulatory-authorized early access pathways under both France’s Authorisation d’Accès Compassionnel ("AAC") framework and paid named patient programs ("NPPs"), where permitted. Non-cash royalty revenue related to the sale of future royalties In January 2018, we sold 100% of our worldwide rights to receive royalties from GSK on sales of GSK’s vaccines containing our QS-21 STIMULON adjuvant to HCR. As described in Note 18 to our Consolidated Financial Statements, this transaction has been recorded as a liability that amortizes over the estimated life of our Royalty Purchase Agreement with HCR. As a result of this liability accounting, even though the royalties are remitted directly to HCR, we record these royalties from GSK as revenue. Non-cash royalty revenue related to our agreement with GSK increased $7.6 million, to approximately $108.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, from $101.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, due to increased net sales of GSK’s vaccines containing our QS-21 STIMULON adjuvant. Research and development expense R&D expense include the costs associated with our internal research and development activities, including compensation and benefits, occupancy costs, clinical manufacturing costs, contract research organization costs, costs of consultants, and related administrative costs. R&D expense decreased 49% to $79.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 from $155.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. Decreased R&D expenses in the year ended December 31, 2025 primarily relate to a $51.9 million decrease in third-party services and other expenses, largely due to the timing of expenses related to the advancement of our antibody programs, a $14.3 million decrease in personnel related expenses, mainly due to a decrease in headcount, a $2.0 million decrease in 70 other research and development expenses, and a $7.9 million decrease in expenses attributable to the activities of our subsidiaries, which decrease is partially attributable to the deconsolidation of MiNK. These decreases were partially offset by a $0.2 million increase in professional fees. General and administrative expense General and administrative (“G&A”) expense consists primarily of personnel costs, facility expenses, and professional fees. G&A expense decreased 24% to $54.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 from $71.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. Decreased G&A expenses in the year ended December 31, 2025 primarily relate to a $9.1 million decrease in personnel related expenses, mainly due to a decrease in headcount, a $3.4 million decrease other general and administrative expenses and a $5.1 million decrease in expenses attributable to the activities of our subsidiaries, which decrease is partially attributable to the deconsolidation of MiNK. Non-operating income (expense) Non-operating expense increased $8.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, from income of $5.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, to expense of $2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily due to the $3.5 million loss on the deconsolidation of a certain foreign subsidiary, partially offset by the recognition of R&D tax credits in the UK in 2025, compared to the recognition of a $5.3 million gain on the early termination of two operating leases and the recognition of R&D tax credits in the UK in 2024. Gain from deconsolidation of MiNK Therapeutics, Inc. The gain from deconsolidation of MiNK Therapeutics, Inc. of $100.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, represents the gain recognized on the deconsolidation of MiNK due to a loss of control in the third quarter of 2025. MiNK Therapeutics, Inc. equity method investment fair value adjustment The MiNK Therapeutics, Inc. equity method investment fair value adjustment of $26.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, represents the fair value adjustment for our remaining investment in MiNK, for which we have elected the fair value option. The fair value of our equity investment is based on readily determinable pricing available on a securities exchange. Interest expense, net Interest expense, net decreased to $55.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 from $117.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, mainly due to decreased non-cash interest recorded in connection with our Royalty Purchase Agreement with HCR, primarily attributable to decreased sales forecasts of GSK’s vaccines containing our STIMULON QS-21 adjuvant, partially offset by an increase of the non-cash interest expense recorded in connection with our Ligand Purchase Agreement. Inflation We believe that inflation has not had a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, or financial condition to date. Research and Development Programs For the year ended December 31, 2025, our R&D programs consisted largely of our antibody programs as indicated in the following table (in thousands). For the Year Ended December 31, Research and Development Program Product 2025 2024 2023 Prior to 2023 Total Antibody programs Various $ 55,493 $ 113,135 $ 178,445 $ 872,273 $ 1,219,346 Vaccine adjuvant STIMULON cpcQS-21 1,638 1,844 10,296 32,186 45,964 Cell therapies Various 3,282 7,558 16,283 85,429 112,552 Other research and development programs Various 18,925 32,991 29,545 495,585 577,046 Total research and development expenses $ 79,338 $ 155,528 $ 234,569 $ 1,485,473 1,954,908 71 Research and development program costs include compensation and other direct costs plus an allocation of indirect costs, based on certain assumptions and our review of the status of each program. Our product candidates are in various stages of development and significant additional expenditures will be required if we start new clinical trials, encounter delays in our programs, apply for regulatory approvals, continue development of our technologies, expand our operations, and/or bring our product candidates to market. The total cost of any particular clinical trial is dependent on a number of factors such as trial design, length of the trial, number of clinical sites, number of patients, and trial sponsorship. The process of obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals for new therapeutic products is lengthy, expensive, and uncertain. Because of the current stage of our product candidates, among other factors, we are unable to reliably estimate the cost of completing our research and development programs or the timing for bringing such programs to various markets or substantial partnering or out-licensing arrangements, and, therefore, when, if ever, material cash inflows are likely to commence. Product Development Portfolio Antibody Discovery Platforms and Immunotherapy Programs Immunotherapies regulate the body’s immune response to cancer, and have achieved positive outcomes in a number of cancers that were considered untreatable only a few years ago. Our pipeline includes several classes of immunotherapies: 1. checkpoint inhibitors, which remove the tumor’s defenses that evade and suppress the immune system; 2. immune activators, which train and activate a patient’s own immune cells for a potent and durable anti-cancer response; and 3. tumor microenvironment ("TME") conditioning agents, which reduce local immune-suppression and attract immune cells to the cancer site. We possess a suite of antibody discovery platforms that are designed to drive the discovery of future antibody candidates.  We are planning to employ a variety of techniques to identify and optimize monospecific and multispecific antibody candidates, internally. We currently have multiple antibody programs in pre-clinical or clinical development, which include our next generation anti-CTLA-4 antibody, botensilimab, an IgG1 anti-CTLA-4 antagonist, our anti-PD-1, balstilimab, and anti-CTLA-4, zalifrelimab, programs, our anti-CD137, AGEN2373, an anti-TIGIT bispecific antibody, AGEN1777, an ILT2 monospecific antibody, AGEN1571, an anti-LAG3, INCAGN2385, and anti-TIM3, INCAGN2390. For additional information regarding our antibody discovery platforms and immunotherapy programs, please read Part I-Item 1. “Business” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. QS-21 STIMULON Adjuvant QS-21 STIMULON is an adjuvant, which is a substance added to a vaccine or other immunotherapy that is intended to enhance an immune response to the target antigens. QS-21 is a natural product, a triterpene glycoside, or saponin, purified from the bark of the Chilean soapbark tree, Quillaja, and has the ability to stimulate an antibody-mediated immune response and has also been shown to activate cellular immunity. It has become a key component in the development of investigational preventive vaccine adjuvants across a wide variety of diseases. These studies have been carried out by academic institutions and pharmaceutical companies in the United States and internationally. A number of these studies have shown QS-21 to be significantly more effective in stimulating immune responses than aluminum hydroxide or aluminum phosphate, the adjuvants most commonly used in approved vaccines in the United States today. In January 2019, we announced that the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation awarded us a grant to develop an alternative, plant cell culture-based manufacturing process to ensure the continuous future supply of QS-21 STIMULON adjuvant which our subsidiary, SaponiQx, is pursuing in partnership with Phyton Biotech and Ginkgo Bioworks. For additional information regarding QS-21 STIMULON, please read Part I-Item 1. “Business” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Cell Therapies We have a significant equity investment in MiNK. MiNK, is a focused on developing allogeneic iNKT cell therapies to treat cancer and other immune-mediated diseases. iNKTs have a dual-mechanism of action with an internal targeting and homing device that modulates both arms of immunity, innate and adaptive. iNKTs combine the killing features of natural killer cells with the durable memory response of T cells. iNKT cells have been demonstrated to be highly effective in treating solid tumor cancers in their native form and MiNK has demonstrated that these cells can be further engineered or edited for super-targeting. For additional information regarding iNKT cell therapies, please read Part I-Item 1. “Business” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 72 Liquidity and Capital Resources We have incurred annual operating losses since inception, and we had an accumulated deficit of $2.18 billion as of December 31, 2025. We expect to incur significant losses over the next several years as we continue development of our technologies and product candidates, manage our regulatory processes, initiate and continue clinical trials, and prepare for potential commercialization of products. From our inception through December 31, 2025, we have raised aggregate net proceeds of approximately $2.05 billion through the sale of common and preferred stock, the exercise of stock options and warrants, proceeds from our Employee Stock Purchase Plan, royalty monetization transactions, and the issuance of convertible and other notes. We maintain an effective registration statement (the “Registration Statement”) covering up to $300.0 million of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, debt securities and units. The Registration Statement includes prospectuses covering the offer, issuance and sale of up to 20.6 million shares of our common stock from time to time in “at-the-market offerings” pursuant to an At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the “Sales Agreement”) with B. Riley Securities, Inc. as our sales agent. We sold approximately 9.7 million and 0.2 million shares of our common stock pursuant to the Sales Agreement during the year ended December 31, 2025 and the period of January 1, 2026 through March 12, 2026, respectively, and received aggregate net proceeds totaling $36.9 million. As of March 12, 2026, approximately 8.2 million shares remained available for sale under the Sales Agreement. Our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments at December 31, 2025 were $3.0 million, a decrease of $37.4 million from December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2025, we had debt outstanding of $45.5 million in principal, $8.4 million of which was paid and $7.0 million of which was forgiven in connection with close of the Zydus transactions in January 2026, $5.1 million is due June 2026, and $24.75 million is due November 2026. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, including cash received in January 2026, we materially strengthened our liquidity position. MiNK Therapeutics repaid a $5.2 million related-party note receivable, and we closed agreements with Zydus Lifesciences Ltd. and its affiliates, pursuant to which we received $91.0 million of consideration, subject to certain adjustments. These adjustments include reimbursable expenses, other required closing payments, including approximately $5.8 million of transaction expenses, and $7.5 million placed into a twelve-month escrow. See Note 23 for further discussion of the proceeds received and liabilities settled in connection with the Zydus closing.  As of December 31, 2025, before giving effect to these post-year-end proceeds, we had cash and cash equivalents of $3.0 million, compared with $40.4 million as of December 31, 2024. Since our inception in 1994, we have incurred significant operating losses, and as of December 31, 2025, we had an accumulated deficit of $2.18 billion. Based on our current operating plan and projections, including payment of debt due in the look-forward period, the majority of which is secured by certain real estate properties, and assuming completion of additional capital transactions of which we are in current discussions, we believe that our existing cash resources, together with the post-year-end proceeds described above and anticipated revenues from our reimbursed compassionate access program in France, would be sufficient to support our critical liquidity requirements into 2027. To advance our planned registration and commercialization strategy for botensilimab/balstilimab, and fund the Company through achievement of profitability, we will require additional capital infusions. We have historically financed our operations through corporate partnerships, advance royalty transactions, and debt and equity financings. We are actively evaluating and pursuing additional financing and strategic alternatives, including corporate transactions, out-licensing arrangements, asset sales, project financing, additional debt or equity financings, and other strategic transactions, and we are in discussions with potential strategic and financial partners regarding several of these alternatives. Because the completion and timing of potential financing and strategic transactions are not entirely within our control, and in accordance with accounting standards, substantial doubt exists about our ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year after the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming we will continue as a going concern and which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. Management has also implemented cost management measures to preserve liquidity. Our future cash requirements include, but are not limited to, supporting clinical trial and regulatory efforts and continuing our other research and development programs. Since inception, we have entered into various cancelable agreements with contract manufacturers, institutions, and clinical research organizations (collectively "third party providers") to perform pre-clinical activities and to conduct and monitor our clinical studies. Under these agreements, subject to the enrollment of patients and performance by the applicable third-party provider, we have estimated our total payments to be $687.0 million over the term of the related activities. Through December 31, 2025, we have expensed $628.0 million as research and development expenses and $574.6 million has been paid under these agreements. The timing of expense recognition and future payments related to these agreements is subject to the 73 enrollment of patients and performance by the applicable third-party provider. We plan to enter into additional agreements with third party providers and we anticipate significant additional expenditures will be required to initiate and advance our various programs. Net cash used in operating activities for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $77.2 million and $158.3 million, respectively. Our future ability to generate cash from operations will depend on achieving regulatory approval and market acceptance of our product candidates, achieving benchmarks as defined in existing collaboration agreements, and our ability to enter into new collaborations. Part of our strategy is to develop and commercialize some of our product candidates by entering into collaborations. As a result of our collaboration agreements, we will not completely control the efforts to attempt to bring those product candidates to market. Please see the “Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the risks highlighted under Part I-

