TICKER: ALLO
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains. A growing body of evidence indicates that treatment with CAR T at times when the disease burden is low leads to improved safety and efficacy outcomes and this study reported similar findings. Among patients with baseline tumor burden <1000 mm² or normal serum lactate dehydrogenase (LDH), a blood test that indicates disease activity, the CR rate was 100% (6/6) and 82% (9/11), respectively. These CR rates in this subpopulation support cema-cel as a promising therapeutic option in patients with minimum residual disease (MRD), the population currently being studied in the ALPHA3 trial. These results serve as the foundation for the ongoing ALPHA3 trial, which is evaluating cema-cel as a consolidation therapy in LBCL patients who are in remission following 1L treatment but remain positive for MRD as detected by an ultrasensitive ctDNA based blood test, Foresight Diagnostics’ investigational CLARITY™ , powered by PhasED-Seq™. These patients have extremely low disease burden, a key subgroup who demonstrated excellent disease outcomes in the ALPHA/ALPHA2 trials. Clinical Development Plan - Non-Hodgkin Lymphoma (NHL) We are the sponsor of the ALPHA trial of ALLO-501 and ALPHA2 trial of cema-cel, each for patients with R/R NHL or CLL. The ALPHA trial is a Phase 1 clinical trial of ALLO-501 in patients with R/R LBCL and R/R FL. We completed accrual in the ALPHA trial in 2021 and are following patients as part of long-term follow-up. The ALPHA2 trial was initiated as a Phase 1/2 clinical trial for cema-cel in the second quarter of 2020. The Phase 1 portion of the ALPHA2 trial was designed to assess the safety and tolerability at increasing dose levels of cema-cel in patients with R/R LBCL. In the fourth quarter of 2022, we proceeded to the Phase 2 portion of the ALPHA2 trial in adult patients with R/R LBCL. We are the sponsor of the EXPAND trial of ALLO-647, which was intended to demonstrate the overall contribution of ALLO-647 to the risk-benefit ratio of the lymphodepletion regimen for cema-cel. In January 2024 we announced that we would deprioritize the ALPHA2 R/R LBCL and EXPAND trials to focus on our ALPHA3 trial, which seeks to embed cema-cel as part of a 1L consolidation strategy. We have deprioritized the ALPHA2 R/R LBCL trial primarily because the ALPHA3 trial, if successful, could significantly impact the need for cell therapy in later lines of treatment, including the third line (3L) patients being studied in our ALPHA2 trial. The ALPHA3 trial is an open-label, Phase 2, multicenter clinical trial evaluating the safety and efficacy of cema-cel in adult patients with LBCL who have completed R-CHOP for other standard regimen and have attained a remission, but who test positive for MRD. The ALPHA3 trial will randomize approximately 220 patients who achieve a complete or partial response to 1L therapy, but who test positive for MRD at their end-of-therapy PET/CT assessment. The patients will be randomized to either treatment with cema-cel or the current standard of care, which is observation. The design, with a primary endpoint of EFS, initially included two lymphodepletion arms (one with standard fludarabine and cyclophosphamide plus ALLO-647 (FCA) and one without ALLO-647 (FC)). Following a Grade 5 treatment-related serious adverse event observed in the FCA arm, in August 2025 we announced the discontinuation of dosing in the FCA arm, and we terminated further development of ALLO-647. Thereafter, the trial design was amended and ALPHA3 is now proceeding with just the FC arm and the control arm (observation). The ALPHA3 trial leverages an investigational diagnostic test developed by Foresight Diagnostics to identify patients who have MRD at the completion of 1L chemoimmunotherapy. Although 1L R-CHOP is curative for many with LBCL, as noted above, approximately 30% of patients treated will relapse. Under the current standard of care, there is no way to determine which patients are at greater risk of relapse after initially responding to 1L treatment, and so the standard of care has been simply to “watch and wait” for the disease to relapse. Foresight Diagnostics, however, has developed a liquid biopsy 14 Table of Contents testing platform for the measurement of MRD. Based on Foresight Diagnostics’ published data, we believe that the Foresight Diagnostics’ assay is highly sensitive and predictive of which patients are likely to relapse. By incorporating the Foresight Diagnostics assay into our ALPHA3 trial design, we believe that we can identify the patient population most at risk for relapse and treat those patients with cema-cel. In February 2025, we entered into an Amended and Restated Strategic Collaboration Agreement with Foresight Diagnostics which expands our collaboration to enable the development of Foresight Diagnostics’ CLARITY TM MRD assay as a companion diagnostic in the EU, UK, Canada and Australia in support of Allogene’s clinical development of cema-cel. In December 2025, Foresight Diagnostics was acquired by Natera; however, it continues to operate as a standalone division of Natera and to execute its role in the ALPHA3 trial. To date, the acquisition has not impacted Foresight Diagnostics’ ability to meet its testing commitments or had any negative effect on the execution of the ALPHA3 trial, including enrollment and trial timelines. ALPHA3 takes advantage of cema-cel as a one-time, off-the-shelf treatment that can be administered immediately upon discovery of MRD following six cycles of R-CHOP, potentially positioning cema-cel to become the standard “7th cycle” of frontline treatment available to all eligible patients with MRD. ALPHA3 builds on our belief that administration of CAR T therapies to patients with low disease burden improves both safety and efficacy outcomes. Cema-cel’s Phase 1 safety profile, with low rates of CRS and immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS), already permits its use in the outpatient setting in R/R patients and may further improve in patients with no radiological evidence of disease. The ALPHA3 trial was initiated in 2024 and enrollment is currently ongoing with over 60 sites activated in the United States and Canada. We expect to activate additional sites in Australia and South Korea in mid-2026. We have met with European Union (EU) regulatory authorities and have received scientific advice to assist us with finalizing our regulatory strategy for opening the trial in the EU, and operational feasibility assessments for the EU remain ongoing. An interim futility analysis is expected to occur in April 2026 which will compare MRD clearance rates between cema-cel after standard fludarabine and cyclophosphamide (FC) lymphodepletion versus observation (12 patients in each arm). The update will also include a summary of safety outcomes and additional information about screening and treatment patterns across the trial site footprint. Clearance of MRD in 25–30% more patients assigned to the cema-cel arm compared to those in the observation arm may indicate a proof of concept that early treatment of MRD+ disease could meaningfully improve long term outcomes. We anticipate that enrollment in ALPHA3 will be completed by the end of 2027. Assuming favorable outcomes and subject to FDA discussions, we plan to seek FDA approval of cema-cel based on the ALPHA3 trial. Additionally, assuming favorable outcomes, we anticipate that the ALPHA3 data set could be used to support EU regulatory approval regardless of whether the ALPHA3 trial is expanded into the EU. The EMA has granted Marketing Authorizations for products, even when their clinical development programs did not involve any European sites. These approvals are based on thorough evaluations of the products’ safety, efficacy, and quality. This practice encompasses a wide range of indications and modalities, including those classified as Advanced Therapy Medicinal Products by the EMA. Anti-CD70 Oncology Development Program CD70 is an antigen expressed on several types of cancer cells, with strong expression in RCC and limited off-tumor expression. CD70 is selectively expressed in a portion of other solid tumors and blood cancers. While CD70 can be expressed on activated T cells, ALLO-316 was associated with minimal or no fratricide in preclinical studies, meaning that ALLO-316 cells did not mediate the targeted killing of other ALLO-316 cells. Accordingly, we believe progressing allogeneic CAR T cell products directed against CD70 could be promising in solid tumor indications as well as hematological malignancies. ALLO-316 is manufactured to express a CAR that is designed to target CD70 and gene edited to lack expression of the TCR to minimize the risk of GvHD. We also inactivated CD52, which was intended to enable use of CD52 monoclonal antibodies to potentially permit a window of persistence of CAR T cells in the patient. Although the CD52 edit remains in ALLO-316, we have discontinued dosing ALLO-316 in combination with an anti‑CD52 monoclonal antibody as we now do not believe it is a necessary component of the lymphodepletion regimen for ALLO-316. In addition, rituximab and CD34 recognition domains have been incorporated in between the scFv and the linker domain, as illustrated below. The rituximab recognition domains allow targeting of cells with rituximab in the event that silencing of CAR T cell activity is desired. The CD34 domain confers recognition by an anti-CD34 antibody, and may be used as a surface marker to monitor ALLO-316 in patients by flow cytometry. 15 Table of Contents In the first half of 2021, we initiated Phase 1 TRAVERSE clinical trial of ALLO-316 in adult patients with advanced or metastatic ccRCC. Lead Target Indication: Clear Cell Renal Cell Carcinoma ccRCC is the most common subtype of renal cancer. Approximately 81,800 new cases of renal cell carcinoma are estimated to be diagnosed in the United States and 14,890 deaths are estimated in 2023, according to the American Cancer Society. The five-year survival rate for patients with advanced kidney cancer is less than 15%. Systemic therapy (including immunotherapy and molecularly targeted agents), surgery, and radiation therapy all may have a role in the treatment paradigm depending on the extent of disease, sites of involvement, and patient-specific factors. While vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF)-directed therapies (e.g. sunitinib) represented a first-line standard for over a decade, these therapies have been quickly supplanted by combination therapies incorporating PD-1 immune-checkpoint inhibition as the backbone. The combination of VEGF and immune check-point inhibitors, such as axitinib and pembrolizumab, respectively, is often used in the first line setting and has shown a median progression-free survival of 15.1 months with an ORR of 59.3% and CR rate of 5.8%. Patients who progress on immune checkpoint-based combination therapies can be treated with agents including cabozantinib, lenvatinib with everolimus, tivozanib, belzutifan or other therapies. In October 2024, we announced that we received Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy (RMAT) designation for ALLO-316 for adult patients with advanced or metastatic RCC. The RMAT designation was based on Phase 1 clinical data from the TRAVERSE trial indicating the potential of ALLO-316 to address the unmet need for patients with difficult-to-treat RCC who have failed multiple standard RCC therapies, including an immune checkpoint inhibitor and a VEGF-targeting therapy. Results from the Phase 1 ALLO-316 TRAVERSE Trial On June 1, 2025, we announced updated data from the Phase 1 TRAVERSE trial of ALLO-316 in patients with advanced or metastatic RCC whose tumors had progressed on or who are intolerant to standard therapies, including an immune checkpoint inhibitor and a VEGF-targeting therapy. The data were presented at the 2025 ASCO Annual Meeting and focused on the Phase 1b expansion cohort evaluating ALLO-316 at DL2 (80 million CAR T cells) following a standard lymphodepletion regimen of fludarabine (30 mg/m2/day) and cyclophosphamide (500 mg/m2/day) for three days. The median time from enrollment to the start of therapy was four days. In the Phase 1b expansion cohort, 22 patients whose tumors had progressed on multiple prior therapies were treated with lymphodepletion and 20 were treated with ALLO-316. All patients had tumors resistant to immune checkpoint blockers and at least one tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI), 82% had ≥2+ prior TKIs, and 41% had prior belzutifan. Sixteen of the ALLO-316 treated patients had a high CD70 Tumor Proportion Score (TPS >50%). A single dose of ALLO-316 stabilized or reversed disease progression in the majority of patients. In the 16 patients with CD70 TPS ≥50%, the trial demonstrated a Confirmed Overall Response Rate (ORR) of 31%. Of the five confirmed responders, four maintain ongoing responses, with one in sustained remission for over 12 months. The median duration of response (mDOR) has not yet been reached, indicating the potential for long-term disease control. 16 Table of Contents The updated results continue to demonstrate the potential of an allogeneic CAR T product candidate to treat CD70-expressing RCC and highlight the impact of our proprietary Dagger® technology in enabling robust CAR T-cell expansion and persistence in solid tumors. Response Rates by CD70 Status Response Rates by CD70 Status CD70+ patients Phase 1b (N=20) ORR (confirmed CR or PR per RECIST v1.1), n/N (%) CD70 TPS ≥ 50% CD70 TPS <50% 5/20 (25%) 5/16 (31%) 0/4 (0%) Across the overall Phase 1 TRAVERSE study population, treatment-emergent adverse events were common and primarily hematologic in nature. Adverse events commonly associated with CAR T-cell therapy and lymphodepleting chemotherapy, including infections, CRS, ICANS and hyperinflammatory syndromes such as IEC-HS, were observed. In earlier dose-finding cohorts outside the Phase 1b expansion cohort, fatal treatment-related adverse events were reported, including Grade 5 cardiogenic shock, Grade 5 sepsis and Grade 5 failure to thrive. Following review of these events, the study protocol was amended to incorporate additional diagnostic criteria and management guidance for IEC-HS and enrollment resumed with the regimen subsequently evaluated in the Phase 1b expansion cohort. The safety profile of ALLO-316 in the Phase 1b cohort was generally consistent with lymphodepletion and an active CAR T product. The most frequent Grade ≥3 events were hematologic and there were no treatment-related Grade 5 events reported in the Phase 1b cohort. The most common all-grade adverse events were cytokine release syndrome (CRS) (68%; with no Grade ≥3 events), neutropenia (68%), decreased white blood cell count (68%), anemia (59%), and thrombocytopenia (55%). Immune effector cell-associated neurotoxicity syndrome (ICANS) occurred in 18% of patients (with no Grade ≥3 events) and no graft-versus-host disease (GvHD) occurred. Improved recognition of immune effector cell-associated hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis-like syndrome (IEC-HS) led to diagnosis in 36% of patients, with two patients (9%) experiencing a Grade 3 (one patient) or Grade 4 (one patient) event that subsequently improved with management. No treatment-related Grade 5 events were reported in patients treated in the Phase 1b cohort. Most Prevalent Treatment-Emergent Adverse Events (TEAEs) (>20% Any Grade Incidence) and Adverse Events of Special Interest (AESI) TEAEs ≥20% incidence in Phase 1b, n (%) Phase 1b (n = 22)† All Grades Grade ≥3 Neutropenia 15 (68) 15 (68) White blood cell count decreased 15 (68) 15 (68) Anemia 13 (59) 9 (41) Thrombocytopenia 12 (55) 6 (27) Nausea 8 (36) 0 ALT increased 7 (32) 2 (9) Peripheral edema 7 (32) 0 Pyrexia 7 (32) 0 Arthralgia 6 (27) 0 AST increased 6 (27) 2 (9) Fatigue 5 (23) 0 Headache 5 (23) 0 AEs of Special Interest Any Grade Grade ≥3 CRS 15 (68) 0 Infection 10 (45) 8 (36) IEC-HS 8 (36) 2 (9)†† ICANS 4 (18) 0 17 Table of Contents Graft-versus-host disease 0 0 IEC-HS includes the preferred terms immune effector cell-associated HLH-like syndrome and Hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis. †Includes 2 patients who received lymphodepletion but did not receive ALLO-316 †† One patient experienced G4 IEC-HS based on GI bleeding with subsequent improvement and 1 patient experienced G3 IEC-HS based on hypotension managed without pressors with subsequent improvement. Clinical Development Plan The TRAVERSE trial is an open-label, Phase 1, single arm, multicenter clinical trial evaluating the safety and tolerability of ALLO-316 in adult patients with advanced or metastatic ccRCC. Anti-tumor activity, cell kinetics, pharmacodynamics, and correlation of outcome with tumor CD70 expression are evaluated as secondary objectives. We have developed an investigational in vitro companion diagnostic (IVD) assay designed for use in determining CD70 expression levels for patient selection in TRAVERSE. The trial deployed the IVD assay for the purposes of identifying patients most likely to benefit from ALLO-316. During the advancement of the TRAVERSE trial with ALLO-316, we have observed allogeneic CAR T cell expansion and persistence driven by CD70 CAR that allows elimination of alloreactive host lymphocytes. This biology has brought the potential for clinical efficacy not often seen in patients with R/R RCC but has also resulted in a hyperinflammatory response in some patients as CD70 CAR T cells expand and persist. Leveraging recent advances in the management of hyperinflammation following autologous CAR T administration, we have developed a diagnostic and treatment algorithm similar to what our management team previously helped develop for CRS and ICANS associated with autologous CAR T. This algorithm may mitigate the treatment-associated hyperinflammatory response without compromising the CAR T function needed to eradicate solid tumors. Enrollment in the Phase 1b cohort has been completed and we are now pausing further standard dosing pending durability results for the enrolled patients. We continue to actively explore strategic opportunities, including potential partnerships, to advance this program. Anti-CD19/CD70 Autoimmune Disease Development Program Autoimmune disease (AID) can affect organs throughout the body. B cells and T cells are two key components of the immune system, each playing distinct roles in the body’s defense against pathogens and in maintaining immune tolerance. Occasionally, B cells and T cells work together to generate production of pathogenic autoantibodies, which are antibodies that target and react with a person’s own tissues or organs and can contribute to AID. Autoantibodies are critical to the pathogenesis of many AIDs. As a result, we believe that disruption of the B cell-T cell network could lead to an effective treatment of AIDs. As noted above, CD19 is an antigen expressed on the surface of B cells, including pathogenic autoreactive B cells. Activated T cells, which upregulate CD70, may contribute to B-cell autoantibody production and can cause direct tissue damage via an autoreactive T cell receptor. Indeed, CD70 expression has been shown to be elevated on some T cells of patients in certain AIDs, suggesting a pathogenic role for CD70+ T cells in AID. Accordingly, we believe progressing allogeneic CAR T cell therapies directed against CD19 and CD70 could be promising in AID indications. ALLO-329 is manufactured to express two independent CARs designed to target CD19 and CD70. As illustrated below, a single transgene encoding both the CD19 CAR and the CD70 CAR is targeted for insertion into the TRAC locus using site-specific integration, resulting in uniform expression of both CARs and the lack of TCR expression. ALLO-329 is designed to mediate the depletion of CD19+ B cells and pathogenic T cells that upregulate CD70 expression. CD70 is also upregulated on activated B cells and alloreactive lymphocytes. Therefore, ALLO-329 can also target pathogenic CD70+ B cells and prevent allorejection by eliminating CD70+ alloreactive lymphocytes in the patients. The anti-rejection features of ALLO-329 may help reduce or eliminate the need for lymphodepletion prior to treatment with ALLO-329. 18 Table of Contents Lead Target Indications: Systemic Lupus Erythematosus (SLE), Lupus Nephritis, Idiopathic Inflammatory Myopathies, and Systemic Sclerosis In January 2025 we announced that the FDA had cleared our IND for a rheumatology basket study of ALLO-329, which we initiated in 2025. Our RESOLUTION trial will evaluate the safety and efficacy of ALLO-329 across multiple autoimmune diseases, including systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE) (including lupus nephritis), idiopathic inflammatory myopathies, and systemic sclerosis. SLE is a chronic, systemic autoimmune disease where the body's immune system mistakenly attacks its own tissues, and is characterized by immune dysregulation, autoantibody production, and inflammation affecting multiple organs. Lupus nephritis (LN) is a serious renal complication of SLE. In LN, the immune system targets the kidneys, leading to inflammation, glomerular damage, and potential renal failure. Idiopathic inflammatory myopathies (IIMs) are a group of rare autoimmune diseases characterized by chronic muscle inflammation and progressive weakness, mainly affecting proximal skeletal muscles. Systemic sclerosis (SSc) is a chronic autoimmune connective tissue disorder characterized by vascular dysfunction, immune dysregulation, and progressive fibrosis affecting the skin and internal organs (lungs, heart, kidneys, and gastrointestinal tract). Approximately 330,000 cases of SLE (according to Decision Resources Group), 70,000 cases of IIM (according to The Myositis Association), and 100,000 cases of SSc (according to Bergamasco et al, Dove Medical Pres Limited) are estimated to be diagnosed in the United States. These autoimmune diseases generally require targeted immunosuppressive and symptom-specific treatments. SLE is primarily managed with hydroxychloroquine and NSAIDs for mild cases, while severe disease, such as lupus nephritis, necessitates immunosuppressants like mycophenolate mofetil or cyclophosphamide, with biologics such as belimumab and anifrolumab for refractory cases. IIM (including polymyositis and dermatomyositis) is typically treated with high-dose corticosteroids, often combined with methotrexate or azathioprine, while severe or refractory cases may require IVIG or rituximab. SSc management focuses on symptom control, with calcium channel blockers for Raynaud’s phenomenon, mycophenolate mofetil for interstitial lung disease, and vasodilators like sildenafil or bosentan for pulmonary arterial hypertension. Current treatments for SLE, IIM, and SSc have significant limitations, including broad immunosuppression, long-term toxicity, delayed onset of action, disease progression despite therapy, frequent dosing and refractory cases. Clinical Development Plan We are developing ALLO-329, an allogeneic CAR T cell product candidate targeting both CD19 and CD70 for the treatment of certain autoimmune diseases. Inclusion of an anti-CD70 CAR in ALLO-329 is designed to reduce or eliminate the need for standard chemotherapy by preventing premature rejection while also targeting CD70+ activated lymphocytes, which may play a direct role in AID pathogenesis.  The Phase 1 RESOLUTION trial is a 3+3 dose-escalation study enrolling patients across SLE, IIMs, and SSc. The trial is evaluating up to four dose levels, beginning at 20 million CAR T cells, in two parallel dose escalation pathways: one receiving low-intensity lymphodepletion and one receiving no lymphodepletion. For context, competitive CAR T programs are evaluating dose levels ranging from approximately 150 million cells (autologous) to nearly 1 billion cells (allogeneic) and several utilize multi-drug (eg cyclophosphamide + fludarabine) lymphodepletion. On April 27, 2025, we announced that ALLO-329 had received three Fast Track Designations (FTD) from the FDA for the treatment of adult patients with SLE, IIM, and SSc. Initial proof-of-concept data from the first patients treated in the first dosing cohorts in both dose escalation pathways are expected in June 2026. The planned data update is expected to include early clinical outcomes and supporting translational data, including disease-related biomarkers, CAR T expansion, and immune reconstitution. 19 Table of Contents Future Opportunities Currently, we remain focused on our three key programs described above. As we advance those programs, we may seek to utilize our allogeneic platform to pursue additional targets of interest, particularly through strategic partnerships. These include the additional targets currently in our pipeline as well as other targets that might be validated in the future, either of which we may seek to combine with our Dagger® technology. For example, we have been developing allogeneic CAR T cell product candidates targeting B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA) for treatment of multiple myeloma (ALLO-715), FLT3 for the treatment of acute myeloid leukemia (ALLO-819), DLL3 for the treatment of small cell lung cancer (ALLO-213), and Claudin 18.2 for the treatment of gastric and pancreatic cancer (ALLO-182). Our Manufacturing Strategy We have invested resources to optimize our manufacturing process, including the development of improved analytical methods and instrumentation. We plan to continue to invest in process science, product characterization and manufacturing to continuously improve our manufacturing processes, production and supply chain capabilities over time. Our product candidates are designed and manufactured via platforms comprised of defined unit operations and technologies. Processes are developed from small to larger scales, incorporating compliant procedures to create cGMP conditions. Although we have a platform-based manufacturing model, each product is unique and for each new product candidate, a developmental phase is necessary to individually customize each engineering step and to create a robust procedure that can later be implemented in a cGMP environment to ensure the production of clinical batches. This work is performed in our process development environment to evaluate and assess variability in each step of the process in order to define the most reliable production conditions. We are currently utilizing Cell Forge 1 (CF1), our state-of-the-art cell therapy manufacturing facility in Newark, California to manufacture our product candidates. We also utilize separate third-party contractors to manufacture cGMP raw materials that are used for the manufacturing of our product candidates, such as viral vectors that are used to deliver the applicable CAR gene into the T cells. We believe all materials and components utilized in the production of the cell line, viral vector and final T cell product are available from qualified suppliers and suitable for pivotal process development in readiness for registration and commercialization. Although we are utilizing CF1 for clinical manufacturing, we may continue to rely on CDMOs and other third parties for the manufacturing and processing of our product candidates in the future. We believe the use of contract manufacturing and testing for our first clinical product candidates has allowed us to rapidly prepare for clinical trials in accordance with our development plans. We plan to maintain a robust supply chain with redundant sources of supply comprised of both internal and external infrastructure. We expect CF1 and third-party manufacturers will be capable of providing and processing sufficient quantities of our product candidates to meet anticipated clinical trial demands. Strategic Agreements Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited (Allogene Overland), later renamed Overland Therapeutics Inc. (Overland Therapeutics), was initially established as a joint venture by us and Overland Pharmaceuticals (CY) Inc. (Overland) pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement (Share Purchase Agreement), dated December 14, 2020. Concurrently, on December 14, 2020, we entered into a License Agreement (License Agreement) with Allogene Overland for the purpose of developing, manufacturing and commercializing certain allogeneic CAR T cell therapies (JV Licensed Products) for patients in greater China, Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore (the JV Territory). On May 24, 2024, we, Overland, and Allogene Overland entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (Share Exchange Agreement) pursuant to which Overland’s cell therapy business merged into Allogene Overland (the Organizational Restructuring). Under a separate agreement between Overland and HH BioPharma Holdings Ltd. (HBP) executed on May 24, 2024, Overland distributed all Series Seed Preferred Shares of Allogene Overland held by Overland to HBP and HBP has assumed all rights and obligations attached to such shares and all rights and obligations of Overland under the Share Exchange Agreement. In connection with the Organizational Restructuring, on May 24, 2024, we and Allogene Overland PRC, entered into a First Amendment to the License Agreement (the License Amendment) to amend and supplement certain provisions of the License Agreement. Under the License Amendment, we continue to grant Allogene Overland PRC an exclusive license to develop, manufacture, and commercialize the JV Licensed Products in the JV Territory, with us retaining exclusive rights to the JV Licensed Products outside the JV Territory We have also entered into multiple additional strategic agreements and collaborations, including an Asset Contribution Agreement with Pfizer (the Pfizer Agreement), a License Agreement with Cellectis (the Cellectis Agreement), the Servier 20 Table of Contents Agreement, a Collaboration and License Agreement (the Notch Agreement) with Notch Therapeutics Inc. (Notch), and a Strategic Collaboration Agreement with Foresight Diagnostics. For additional information regarding our significant agreements refer to Note 6 in our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. Intellectual Property Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, as well as novel discoveries, product development technologies, and know-how. Our commercial success also depends in part on our ability to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. Our policy is to develop and maintain protection of our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing or in-licensing U.S. and foreign patents and applications related to our technology, inventions, and improvements that are important to the development and implementation of our business. We also rely on trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation, confidentiality agreements, and invention assignment agreements to develop and maintain our proprietary position. The confidentiality agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and the invention assignment agreements are designed to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed for us by our employees, consultants, or other third parties. We seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While we have confidence in our agreements and security measures, either may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or independently discovered by competitors. With respect to both licensed and company-owned intellectual property, we cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents that may be granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our commercial products and methods of using and manufacturing the same. We are actively building our intellectual property portfolio around our product candidates and our discovery programs, based on our own intellectual property as well as licensed intellectual property. Following the execution of the Pfizer Agreement, we are the owner of, co-owner of, or the licensee of multiple patents and patent applications in the United States and worldwide. These licensed assets include rights to the Cellectis TALEN ® gene-editing technology to engineer T cells that lack functional TCRs and to inactivate the CD52 gene in donor cells. We have exclusive worldwide rights to these patents for certain antigen targets, including BCMA, CD70, FLT3, DLL3 and Claudin 18.2, and have U.S., EU, and UK rights to these patents for cema-cel. We also have rights to Cellectis intellectual property for technology covering an engineered T cell therapy combining CD52 gene knockout in combination with an anti-CD52 antibody for certain products directed against certain antigen targets. For our lead programs, our patent rights are generally composed of patents and pending patent applications that are solely owned by us, co-owned with Servier, co-owned with Cellectis, co-owned with Pfizer, exclusively licensed from Pfizer, exclusively licensed from Servier, or exclusively licensed from Cellectis. Our patent portfolio includes protection for our clinical-stage product candidates, ALLO-501, cema-cel, ALLO-316, ALLO-329, ALLO-715, and ALLO-605, as well as our research-stage candidates. With respect to cema-cel, we have an exclusive license from Servier to patent rights in the United States covering compositions of matter of and methods of making and using cema-cel. With respect to ALLO-715, ALLO-605 and ALLO-316, we have an exclusive license from Pfizer to patent rights covering ALLO-715, ALLO-605, and ALLO-316 in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. These rights cover compositions of matter of and methods of making and using ALLO-715, ALLO-605 and ALLO-316. We also have patent rights to the TurboCAR™ and Dagger ® technologies solely owned by us, including technology that covers the TurboCAR™ construct that is part of ALLO-605, and the Dagger ® construct that is part of ALLO-329. More generally, our patent portfolio and filing strategy is designed to provide multiple layers of protection by pursuing claims directed toward, for example: (1) antigen binding domains directed to the targets of our product candidates; (2) CAR constructs used in our product candidates; (3) methods of treatment for therapeutic indications; (4) manufacturing processes, preconditioning methods, and dosing regimens; and (5) immune evasion and other gene and cell engineering technology. The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term, generally, is 20 years from the date of filing of the first non-provisional application to which priority is claimed. In the United States, patent term may be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the United States Patent and Trademark Office in granting a patent, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over an earlier-filed patent. In the United States, the term of a patent that covers an FDA-approved drug may also be eligible for a patent term extension of up to five years under the Hatch-Waxman Act, which is designed to compensate for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The length of the patent term extension involves a complex calculation based on the length of time it takes for regulatory review. A patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date 21 Table of Contents of product approval and only one patent applicable to an approved drug may be extended. Moreover, a patent can only be extended once, and thus, if a single patent is applicable to multiple products, it can only be extended based on one product. Similar provisions are available in Europe and certain other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. Competition Oncology is a highly competitive market for drug development. If successfully developed, our products will compete with therapies that have been developed or are in development at biopharmaceutical companies, academic research institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. We anticipate increasing competition from existing and new cell-based therapies, including products that are both autologous and allogeneic in nature. We also anticipate competition from other therapeutic modalities, including antibodies, bispecific T cell engagers, antibody drug conjugates, and small molecule therapeutics. In particular, the rapid development and commercialization of bispecific antibodies and other “off-the-shelf” immune oncology products may reduce the number of patients eligible for, or willing to receive, cell therapy, may shift treatment sequencing and standards of care, and may intensify pricing and reimbursement pressures, any of which could adversely affect enrollment in our clinical trials and, if approved, the commercial adoption of our product candidates. Autologous T cell therapies directed at CD19 have been commercialized by Novartis, Kite/Gilead and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMS) and are witnessing increased adoption in the marketplace. In August 2017, Novartis obtained FDA approval to commercialize Kymriah® for the treatment of children and young adults with B-cell ALL that is refractory or has relapsed at least twice. In May 2018, Kymriah® received FDA approval for adults with certain types of LBCL who have not responded to, or who have relapsed after, at least two other types of systemic treatment (3rd-line LBCL), and in May 2022, Kymriah® received FDA approval for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma (FL) after two or more lines of systemic therapy. In October 2017, Kite/Gilead obtained FDA approval to commercialize Yescarta®, for the treatment of adult patients with 3rd-line LBCL. This was followed by approval of Yescarta® for R/R FL in March 2021 and approval of 2nd-line LBCL in April 2022. Kite has also received FDA approval for a second autologous CD19-directed T cell therapy, Tecartus®, for use in patients with R/R mantle cell lymphoma and adult patients with R/R B-cell ALL. In February 2021, BMS obtained FDA approval for its anti-CD19 autologous T cell therapy, Breyanzi® for the treatment of adults with 3rd-line LBCL. The Breyanzi® label was extended to 2nd-line LBCL in June 2022, R/R Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL) in March 2024, R/R FL in May 2024, and R/R Mantle Cell Lymphoma (MCL) in May 2024. In November 2024, Autolus Therapeutics obtained FDA approval for its anti-CD19 autologous T cell therapy, Aucatzyl® (obecabtagene autoleucel), for adults with relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor ALL. Autologous cell therapies directed at BCMA have been commercialized by BMS and Janssen, a Johnson & Johnson company. In March 2021, BMS and partner 2seventy bio, Inc. received FDA approval of Abecma®, an anti-BCMA autologous T cell therapy, for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least four prior therapies. Janssen and partner Legend Bio received approval for Carvykti®, an anti-BCMA autologous T cell therapy, for the same indication in February 2022. Both Abecma® and Carvykti® have succeeded in pivotal trials in earlier lines of R/R myeloma and have gained label extensions into this market in 2024. Autologous T cell therapies are being developed by a number of additional companies, including but not limited to 2seventy bio, Inc., Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC, Alaunos Therapeutics, Inc., Arcellx, Inc., Arsenal Biosciences, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Autolus Therapeutics plc, Eureka Therapeutics, Inc., Galapagos NV, Gilead Sciences, Inc., Instil Bio, Inc., Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc., Legend Biotech Corp., Lyell Immunopharma Inc., Mustang Bio, Inc., Triumvira Immunologics, and TScan Therapeutics, Inc. Autologous CAR T therapy has made significant advances in addressing R/R NHL, and has moved to earlier lines of therapy, as further described above. We do not, however, believe that autologous CAR T therapy will be a viable option in the 1L consolidation setting because of the reduced T cell counts in patients who have recently completed 1L therapy as well as lengthy lead time for the individualized manufacturing process for autologous CAR T. Once it is determined that a patient is MRD positive following standard 1L treatment, we believe that the speed at which a patient is treated with CAR T therapy will enhance response rates. Published results of front-line chemotherapy outcomes suggest that MRD positive patients are likely to progress, and some patients may do so very quickly (i.e., within a matter of weeks after completing 1L therapy). Furthermore, data suggests that patients who have low burden of disease when they receive CAR T cells tend to have better safety and efficacy outcomes, including lower rates of CRS and more durable remissions. As a result, we believe that it will be important that patients receive CAR T therapy as soon as possible following an MRD positive diagnosis, which will not allow for the lengthy manufacturing process of autologous CAR T. In addition, a number of companies are developing in vivo approaches intended to generate CAR T cells inside the patient by delivering genetic payloads (for example, mRNA encoding a CAR) to immune cells using delivery systems such as targeted lipid nanoparticles, with the goal of avoiding ex vivo cell collection and individualized manufacturing. These 22 Table of Contents approaches are early-stage and face significant development challenges (including targeted delivery, control of CAR expression and persistence, safety, and scalability of delivery platforms), but if successful, they could broaden use of CAR T therapy in both oncology and autoimmune disease and therefore may compete with our programs. Allogeneic T cell products have yet to receive FDA approval though the number of companies developing allogeneic product candidates is substantial. These include AstraZeneca, plc, Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc., Beam Therapeutics, Inc., Caribou Biosciences, Inc., CRISPR Therapeutics AG, Editas Medicine, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Fate Therapeutics, Inc., Gilead Sciences, Inc., Imugene Ltd., Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., Legend Biotech Corp., Precision Biosciences, Inc., and Sana Biotechnology, Inc. Some of the allogeneic T cell candidates under development target the same antigens that are part of our clinical pipeline, such as CD19, BCMA and CD70. Additionally, Cellectis has several fully-owned allogeneic CAR T programs that could compete with programs that fall outside our agreement with Cellectis. There are also cell therapies under development that are based upon cell types other than the common type of T cells used by us and known as alpha/beta T cells. These include product candidates derived from natural killer cells, natural killer T cells, gamma/delta T cells and macrophage cells. Companies developing such therapies include Adicet Bio, Inc., Artiva Biotherapeutics, Inc., Carisma Therapeutics, Inc., Cytovia Therapeutics, Inc., Celularity, Inc., Century Therapeutics, Inc., Fate Therapeutics, Inc., Gamida Cell Ltd., In8bio, Inc., Lyell Immunopharma, Inc., Nkarta, Inc., Shoreline Bio, Inc., and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited. Competition may also arise from non-cell based immune oncology platforms. For instance, we may experience competition from companies, such as AbbVie, Inc., Amgen Inc., BMS, Compass Therapeutics, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Genmab A/S, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Immunocore Holdings plc, Johnson & Johnson, MacroGenics, Inc., Merck & Co. Inc., Merus N.V., Pfizer, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Xencor Inc., that are pursuing bispecific T cell engagers that target both the cancer antigen and T cell receptor, thus bringing both cancer cells and T cells in close proximity to maximize the likelihood of an immune response to the cancer cells. Bi-specific T cell engagers targeting BCMA for myeloma and CD20 for lymphoma have advanced rapidly in development, with initial FDA approvals beginning in 2022, and additional products approved since that time. These therapies may be administered without individualized cell collection and manufacturing, and in some settings may be used before, after, or instead of cell therapies. As a result, bispecific therapies may reduce the addressable patient population for our product candidates, compete for physician and patient preference based on convenience or risk-benefit profile, and contribute to increased pricing and reimbursement pressure. Additionally, companies, such as ADC Therapeutics SA, Amgen Inc., Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited, Gilead Sciences, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, ImmunoGen, Inc., Pfizer Inc., Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Sutro Biopharma, Inc. are pursuing antibody drug conjugates, which utilize the targeting ability of antibodies to deliver cell-killing agents directly to cancer cells. In addition to the significant competition noted above in oncology markets, as early data in the use of CAR T cell therapy for the treatment of autoimmune disease has been emerging since 2022, there have been many companies initiating autologous and/or allogeneic cell therapy development programs that would be in direct competition to our autoimmune program. For example, we may experience competition in these markets from companies such as Adicet Bio, Inc., Arcellx, Inc., Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc., Autolus Therapeutics plc, BMS, Cabaletta Bio, Inc., Caribou Biosciences, Inc., Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc., CRISPR Therapeutics AG, Fate Therapeutics, Inc., Gracell Biotechnologies, Inc., ImmPACT Bio USA, Inc., Kyverna Therapeutics, Inc., Nkarta, Inc., Novartis, Sana Biotechnology, Inc., and TG Therapeutics Inc. Many of our competitors, either alone or with their collaboration partners, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, pre-clinical testing, clinical trials, manufacturing, and marketing than we do. Future collaborations and mergers and acquisitions may result in further resource concentration among a smaller number of competitors. Our commercial potential could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are better tolerated, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market or make our development more complicated. The key competitive factors affecting the success of all of our programs are likely to be efficacy, safety, convenience, and cost of manufacturing. These competitors may also vie for a similar pool of qualified scientific and management talent, sites and patient populations for clinical trials, and investor capital, as well as for technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 23 Table of Contents Government Regulation and Product Approval As a biopharmaceutical company that operates in the United States, we are subject to extensive regulation. Our cell products will be regulated as biologics. With this classification, commercial production of our products will need to occur in registered facilities in compliance with cGMP for biologics. The FDA categorizes human cell- or tissue-based products as either minimally manipulated or more than minimally manipulated, and has determined that more than minimally manipulated products require clinical trials to demonstrate product safety and efficacy and the submission of a biologics license application (BLA) for marketing authorization. Our products are considered more than minimally manipulated and will require evaluation in clinical trials and the submission and approval of a BLA before we can market them. Government authorities in the United States (at the federal, state and local level) and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacturing, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of biopharmaceutical products such as those we are developing. Our product candidates must be approved by the FDA before they may be legally marketed in the United States and by the appropriate foreign regulatory agency before they may be legally marketed in foreign countries. Generally, our activities in other countries will be subject to regulation that is similar in nature and scope as that imposed in the United States, although there can be important differences. Additionally, some significant aspects of regulation in Europe are addressed in a centralized way, but country-specific regulation remains essential in many respects. The process for obtaining regulatory marketing approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. U.S. Product Development Process In the United States, the FDA regulates pharmaceutical and biological products under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), the Public Health Service Act (PHSA) and their implementing regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. FDA sanctions could include, among other actions, refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls or withdrawals from the market, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. We have been placed on clinical hold previously and any future agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. The process required by the FDA before a biological product may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: • completion of nonclinical laboratory tests and animal studies according to good laboratory practices (GLPs) and applicable requirements for the humane use of laboratory animals or other applicable regulations; • submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; • approval by an independent Institutional Review Board (IRB) or ethics committee at each clinical site before the trial is commenced; • performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to the FDA’s regulations commonly referred to as good clinical practices (GCPs) and any additional requirements for the protection of human research patients and their health information, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed biological product for its intended use; • submission to the FDA of a BLA for marketing approval that includes substantial evidence of safety, purity, and potency from results of nonclinical testing and clinical trials, and which is validated as complete for review by the FDA; • satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; • satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the biological product is produced to assess compliance with cGMP, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biological product’s identity, strength, quality and purity and, if applicable, the FDA’s current good tissue practices (GTPs) for the use of human cellular and tissue products; • potential FDA audit of the nonclinical study and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the BLA; and • FDA review and approval, or licensure, of the BLA. Before testing any biological product candidate, including our product candidates, in humans, the product candidate enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical tests, also referred to as nonclinical studies, include laboratory evaluations of 24 Table of Contents product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the product candidate. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements including GLPs. The clinical trial sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises concerns or questions regarding the proposed clinical trials and places the trial on a clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. The FDA may also impose clinical holds on a biological product candidate at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. If the FDA imposes a clinical hold, trials may not recommence without FDA authorization and then only under terms authorized by the FDA. Accordingly, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such trials. Clinical trials involve the administration of the biological product candidate to patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor’s control. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria, and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety, including stopping rules that assure a clinical trial will be stopped if certain adverse events should occur. Each protocol and any amendments to the protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Clinical trials must be conducted and monitored in accordance with the FDA’s regulations comprising the GCP requirements, including the requirement that all research patients provide informed consent. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an independent IRB at or servicing each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the form and content of the informed consent that must be signed by each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. Certain clinical trials involving human gene transfer research also must be overseen by an Institutional Biosafety Committee (IBC), a standing committee to provide peer review of the safety of research plans, procedures, personnel training and environmental risks of work involving recombinant DNA molecules. IBCs are typically assigned certain review responsibilities relating to the use of recombinant DNA molecules, including reviewing potential environmental risks, assessing containment levels, and evaluating the adequacy of facilities, personnel training, and compliance with the National Institutes of Health Guidelines. We may also engage an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, to provide authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study and may halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical studies and clinical study results to public registries. Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: • Phase 1. The biological product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients. • Phase 2. The biological product is evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule. • Phase 3. Clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy, potency, and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk to benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. Long term follow-up for all patients who get marketed product and post-approval clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be required after initial marketing approval. These clinical trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow-up. During all phases of clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data, and clinical trial investigators. Annual progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted to the FDA. Written IND safety reports must be promptly submitted to the FDA, and the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse events, any findings from other studies, tests in laboratory animals or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human patients, or any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must submit an IND safety report within 15 calendar days after the sponsor determines that the information qualifies for reporting. The sponsor also must notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction within seven calendar days after the sponsor’s initial receipt of the information. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor or its data safety monitoring board may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various 25 Table of Contents grounds, including a finding that the research patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk, including risks inferred from other unrelated immunotherapy trials. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB’s requirements or if the biological product has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. Concurrently with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional studies and must also develop additional information about the physical characteristics of the biological product as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. To help reduce the risk of the introduction of adventitious agents with use of biological products, the PHSA emphasizes the importance of manufacturing control for products whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, the sponsor must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, potency and purity of the final biological product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the biological product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. The FDA has continued to issue guidance specific to cellular and gene therapy (CGT) products. For example, in November 2024, the FDA issued draft guidance providing frequently asked questions on CGT product development, including common regulatory, chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC), and clinical issues, and in December 2023, the FDA issued draft guidance on potency assurance for CGT products that discusses a science- and risk-based strategy to help assure potency across the product lifecycle. U.S. Review and Approval Processes After the completion of clinical trials of a biological product, FDA approval of a BLA must be obtained before commercial marketing of the biological product. The BLA submission must include results of product development, laboratory and animal studies, human trials, information on the manufacture and composition of the product, proposed labeling and other relevant information. The testing and approval processes require substantial time and effort and there can be no assurance that the FDA will accept the BLA for filing and, even if filed, that any approval will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA), as amended, each BLA must be accompanied by a significant user fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. PDUFA also imposes an annual program fee for biological products. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication. Within 60 or 74 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews a BLA submitted to determine if it is substantially complete before the agency accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review of the BLA. The FDA reviews the BLA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe, potent, and/or effective for its intended use, and has an acceptable purity profile, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product’s identity, safety, strength, quality, potency and purity. The FDA may refer applications for novel biological products or biological products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. During the biological product approval process, the FDA also will determine whether a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) is necessary to assure the safe use of the biological product. A REMS is a safety strategy to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a medicine and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the BLA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve a BLA without a REMS, if required. Before approving a BLA, the FDA will inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. For immunotherapy products, the FDA also will not approve the product if the manufacturer is not in compliance with the GTPs, to the extent applicable. These are FDA regulations and guidance documents that govern the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the manufacture of human cells, tissue, and cellular and tissue-based products (HCT/Ps), which are human cells or tissue intended for implantation, transplant, infusion, or transfer into a human recipient. The primary intent of the GTP requirements is to ensure that cell and tissue-based products are manufactured in a manner designed to prevent the introduction, 26 Table of Contents transmission and spread of communicable disease. FDA regulations also require tissue establishments to register and list their HCT/Ps with the FDA and, when applicable, to evaluate donors through screening and testing. Additionally, before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure that the clinical trials were conducted in compliance with IND trial requirements and GCP requirements. To assure cGMP, GTP and GCP compliance, an applicant must incur significant expenditure of time, money and effort in the areas of training, record keeping, production, and quality control. Notwithstanding the submission of relevant data and information, the FDA may ultimately decide that the BLA does not satisfy its regulatory criteria for approval and deny approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. If the agency decides not to approve the BLA in its present form, the FDA will issue a complete response letter that describes all of the specific deficiencies in the BLA identified by the FDA. The deficiencies identified may be minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or major, for example, requiring additional clinical trials. Additionally, the complete response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. The FDA may impose restrictions and conditions on product distribution, prescribing, or dispensing in the form of a risk management plan, or otherwise limit the scope of any approval. In addition, the FDA may require post marketing clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, designed to further assess a biological product’s safety and effectiveness, and testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act (PREA), a BLA or supplement to a BLA must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of data or full or partial waivers. Orphan Drug Designation Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available in the United States a drug or biologic for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting a BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. The orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review or approval process. If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full BLA, to market the same biologic for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent FDA from approving a different drug or biologic for the same disease or condition, or the same drug or biologic for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the BLA application user fee. A designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Expedited Development and Review Programs The FDA has a fast track program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new products are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. Fast track designation applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. Unique to a fast track product, the FDA may consider for review sections of the BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the BLA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the BLA. 27 Table of Contents Any product submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product with a fast track designation, may also be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. A product is eligible for priority review if it has the potential to provide safe and effective therapy where no satisfactory alternative therapy exists or a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a disease compared to marketed products. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application for a new product designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. Additionally, a product may be eligible for accelerated approval. Products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions may receive accelerated approval upon a determination that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug or biological product receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. Congress expanded FDA’s authorities regarding accelerated approval in 2023, including authority to require that confirmatory trials be underway prior to approval or within a specified time period after approval, and the FDA issued draft guidance in January 2025 describing factors it intends to consider when determining whether a confirmatory trial is “underway.” Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy (RMAT) designation was established by FDA to facilitate an efficient development program for, and expedite review of, any drug that meets the following criteria: (1) it qualifies as a RMAT, which is defined as a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering product, human cell and tissue product, or any combination product using such therapies or products, with limited exceptions; (2) it is intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and (3) preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such a disease or condition. RMAT designation provides potential benefits that include more frequent meetings with FDA to discuss the development plan for the product candidate and eligibility for rolling review and priority review. Products granted RMAT designation may also be eligible for accelerated approval on the basis of a surrogate or intermediate endpoint reasonably likely to predict long-term clinical benefit, or reliance upon data obtained from a meaningful number of sites, including through expansion to additional sites. Once approved, when appropriate, the FDA can permit fulfillment of post-approval requirements under accelerated approval through the submission of clinical evidence, clinical studies, patient registries, or other sources of real world evidence such as electronic health records; through the collection of larger confirmatory datasets; or through post-approval monitoring of all patients treated with the therapy prior to approval. Breakthrough therapy designation is also intended to expedite the development and review of products that treat serious or life-threatening conditions. The designation by FDA requires preliminary clinical evidence that a product candidate, alone or in combination with other drugs and biologics, demonstrates substantial improvement over currently available therapy on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Breakthrough therapy designation comes with all of the benefits of fast track designation, which means that the sponsor may file sections of the BLA for review on a rolling basis if certain conditions are satisfied, including an agreement with FDA on the proposed schedule for submission of portions of the application and the payment of applicable user fees before the FDA may initiate a review. Fast track designation, priority review, RMAT and Breakthrough therapy designation do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Post-Approval Requirements Any products for which we receive FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, restrictions on promoting products for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the product’s approved uses (known as “off-label use”), limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and requirements for promotional activities involving the internet. Although a physician may prescribe a legally available product for an off-label use, if the physician deems such product to be appropriate in his/her professional medical judgment, a manufacturer may not market or promote off-label uses. However, it is permissible to share in certain circumstances truthful and not misleading information that is consistent with the product’s approved labeling. In addition, quality control and manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to applicable manufacturing requirements after approval to ensure the long-term stability of the product. cGMP regulations require among other things, 28 Table of Contents quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any deviations from cGMP. Manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. Discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer, or holder of an approved BLA, including, among other things, recall or withdrawal of the product from the market. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. Other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval. The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product. Discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or the failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, judicial or administrative enforcement, warning letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, and civil or criminal penalties, among others. Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness data may require changes to a product’s approved labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contraindications, and also may require the implementation of other risk management measures. Also, new government requirements, including those resulting from new legislation, may be established, or the FDA’s policies may change, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our products under development. Given the potential for long-lasting effects of CGT products, the FDA issued draft guidance in September 2025 describing methods and approaches for capturing post-approval safety and efficacy data for CGT products, including through approaches such as registries and other real-world data sources. U.S. Marketing Exclusivity The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act (BPCIA) amended the PHSA to authorize the FDA to approve similar versions of innovative biologics, commonly known as biosimilars. A competitor seeking approval of a biosimilar must file an application to establish its molecule as highly similar to an approved innovator biologic, among other requirements. The BPCIA, however, bars the FDA from approving biosimilar applications for 12 years after an innovator biological product receives initial marketing approval. This 12-year period of data exclusivity may be extended by six months, for a total of 12.5 years, if the FDA requests that the innovator company conduct pediatric clinical investigations of the product. Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of the FDA approval of the use of our product candidates, some of our U.S. patents, if granted, may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent restoration term of up to five years, as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of a BLA plus the time between the submission date of a BLA and the approval of that application. Only one patent applicable to an approved product is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may intend to apply for restoration of patent term for one of our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant BLA. Pediatric exclusivity is another type of regulatory market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial in accordance with an FDA-issued “Written Request” for such a trial. FDA Approval and Regulation of Medical Devices and Companion Diagnostics If safe and effective use of a therapeutic depends on an in vitro diagnostic, then the FDA generally will require approval or clearance of that diagnostic, known as a companion diagnostic, at the same time that the FDA approves the therapeutic product. In August 2014, the FDA issued final guidance clarifying the requirements that apply to approval of therapeutic products and in vitro companion diagnostics. According to the guidance, if the FDA determines that a companion diagnostic device is essential to the safe and effective use of a novel therapeutic product or indication, the FDA generally will not approve the therapeutic product or new therapeutic product indication if the companion diagnostic device is not approved or cleared for that indication. Approval or clearance of the companion diagnostic device will ensure that the device has been adequately evaluated and has adequate performance characteristics in the intended population. The review of in vitro 29 Table of Contents companion diagnostics in conjunction with the review of our product candidates in development for cancer will, therefore, likely involve coordination of review by the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and the FDA’s Center for Devices and Radiological Health Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health. Under the FDCA, in vitro diagnostics, including companion diagnostics, are regulated as medical devices. In the U.S., the FDCA and its implementing regulations, and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, medical device design and development, preclinical and clinical testing, premarket clearance or approval, registration and listing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, advertising and promotion, sales and distribution, export and import, and post-market surveillance. Unless an exemption applies, medical devices, including companion diagnostic tests, require marketing clearance or approval from the FDA prior to commercial distribution. The two primary types of FDA marketing authorization applicable to a medical device are premarket notification (“510(k) clearance”) and premarket approval (“PMA”). To obtain 510(k) clearance, a manufacturer must submit to the FDA a premarket notification submission demonstrating that the proposed device is “substantially equivalent” to a legally marketed predicate device. The FDA’s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from three to twelve months but may take longer. The FDA may require additional information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence. If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device currently on the market, it will grant 510(k) clearance to commercially market the device. If the FDA determines that the device is “not substantially equivalent” to a previously cleared device, the device is automatically designated as a Class III (i.e., high-risk) device. The device sponsor must then fulfill more rigorous PMA requirements or can request a risk-based classification determination for the device in accordance with the “de novo” process, which is a route to market for novel medical devices that are low to moderate risk and are not substantially equivalent to a predicate device. After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change or modification in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or depending on the modification, approval of a PMA application or de novo classification. The FDA requires each manufacturer to determine whether the proposed change requires submission of a 510(k), de novo classification or a PMA in the first instance, but the FDA can review any such decision and disagree with a manufacturer’s determination. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer’s determination, the FDA can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or request the recall of the modified device until it receives 510(k) clearance, approval of a PMA application, or issuance of a de novo classification. Also, in these circumstances, the manufacturer may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. The PMA process, including the gathering of clinical and preclinical data and the submission to and review by the FDA, can take several years or longer. It involves a rigorous premarket review during which the applicant must prepare and provide the FDA with reasonable assurance of the device’s safety and effectiveness and information about the device and its components regarding, among other things, device design, manufacturing and labeling. PMA applications are subject to an application fee. In addition, PMAs for certain devices must generally include the results from extensive preclinical and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the device for each indication for which FDA approval is sought. In particular, for a diagnostic, a PMA application typically requires data regarding analytical and clinical validation studies. As part of the PMA review, the FDA will typically inspect the manufacturer’s facilities for compliance with the QSR which imposes elaborate testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance requirements. Approval of a PMA is not guaranteed, and the FDA may ultimately respond to a PMA submission with a not approvable determination based on deficiencies in the application and require additional clinical trial or other data that may be expensive and time-consuming to generate and that can substantially delay approval. If the FDA’s evaluation of the PMA application is favorable, the FDA typically issues an approvable letter requiring the applicant’s agreement to specific conditions, such as changes in labeling, or specific additional information, such as submission of final labeling, in order to secure final approval of the PMA. If the FDA’s evaluation of the PMA or manufacturing facilities is not favorable, the FDA will deny approval of the PMA or issue a not approvable letter. A not approvable letter will outline the deficiencies in the application and, where practical, will identify what is necessary to make the PMA approvable. The FDA may also determine that additional clinical trials are necessary, in which case the PMA may be delayed for several months or years while the trials are conducted and then the data submitted in an amendment to the PMA. If the FDA concludes that the applicable criteria have been met, the FDA will issue a PMA for the approved indications, which can be more limited than those originally sought by the applicant. The PMA can include post-approval conditions that the FDA believes necessary to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device, including, among other things, restrictions on labeling, promotion, sale and distribution. Once granted, approval may be withdrawn by the FDA if compliance with post approval requirements, conditions of approval or other regulatory standards are not maintained, or problems are identified following initial marketing. After a device is placed on the market, it remains subject to significant regulatory requirements. Medical devices may be marketed only for the uses and indications for which they are cleared or approved. Device manufacturers must also establish registration and device listings with the FDA. A medical device manufacturer’s manufacturing processes and those of its suppliers are required to comply with the applicable portions of the QSR, which cover the methods and documentation of the 30 Table of Contents design, testing, production, processes, controls, quality assurance, labeling, packaging and shipping of medical devices. Domestic facility records and manufacturing processes are subject to periodic unscheduled inspections by the FDA. The FDA also may inspect foreign facilities that export products to the U.S. Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements In the United States, our activities are potentially subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including but not limited to, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) (e.g., the Office of Inspector General, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the DOJ, and state and local governments). For example, our business practices, including any of our research and future sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs may be required to comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions of the Social Security Act, the false claims laws, the patient data privacy and security provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), transparency requirements, and similar state, local and foreign laws, each as amended. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity, from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any item, good, facility or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, formulary managers, and other individuals and entities on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution. The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and require strict compliance in order to offer protection. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for protection under a statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor. Additionally, the intent standard under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Affordable Care Act), to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Rather, if “one purpose” of the remuneration is to induce referrals, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute is violated. In addition, the Affordable Care Act codified case law that a claim that includes items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act (discussed below). The civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person or entity who, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to, among others, a federal healthcare program that the person knows or should know is for a medical or other item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. The federal civil False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes “any request or demand” for money or property presented to the U.S. government. For example, pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been, and continue to be, investigated or prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product and for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies’ marketing of the product for unapproved, and thus non-reimbursable, uses. HIPAA created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. We may be subject to data privacy and security regulations by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act 31 Table of Contents (HITECH) and their implementing regulations, imposes requirements on certain types of individuals and entities relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA’s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates that are independent contractors or agents of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity as well as their covered subcontractors. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys’ fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. Additionally, the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act within the Affordable Care Act, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biological and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) annually report information to CMS related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physicians assistants and nurse practitioners) and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, physicians and teaching hospitals and certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. In order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of drug and biological products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state healthcare laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including without limitation, civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, refusal to allow us to enter into government contracts, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. In the United States and markets in other countries, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors provide coverage, and establish adequate reimbursement levels for such products. In the United States, third-party payors include federal and state healthcare programs, private managed care providers, health insurers and other organizations. The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price of a product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that such a payor will pay for the product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products, therapies and services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. We may need to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain the FDA approvals. Our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. A payor’s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor’s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 32 Table of Contents Different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. In the EU, governments influence the price of pharmaceutical products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines, but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on health care costs has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country. The marketability of any product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care in the United States has increased and we expect will continue to increase the pressure on healthcare pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. For example, HHS imposes rebates on many Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D products to penalize price increases that outpace inflation on an annual basis. In addition, HHS has been empowered to negotiate the price of certain single-source biologics that have been on the market for at least eleven (11) years covered under Medicare as part of the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Each year up to twenty (20) products will be selected by HHS for the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Products subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program are expected to experience a significant reduction in reimbursement from the Medicare program on a per unit basis. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Healthcare Reform In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect the ability to profitably sell product candidates for which marketing approval is obtained. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. For example, the Affordable Care Act has substantially changed healthcare financing and delivery by both governmental and private insurers. There have been legal and political challenges and amendments to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. For example, on July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the OBBBA) was signed into law, which narrowed access to Affordable Care Act marketplace exchange enrollment and declined to extend the Affordable Care Act enhanced advanced premium tax credits that expired at the end of 2025, which, among other provisions in the law, are anticipated to reduce the number of Americans with health insurance.  The OBBBA also is expected to reduce Medicaid spending and enrollment by implementing work requirements for some beneficiaries, capping state-directed payments, reducing federal funding, and limiting provider taxes used to fund the program. Congress is considering proposed legislation intended to further reduce healthcare costs with alternatives to replace the expired Affordable Care Act subsidies. It is possible that the Affordable Care Act will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how such challenges and any additional healthcare reform measures will impact the Affordable Care Act. Further legislation or regulation could be passed that could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. For example, in August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 was signed into law, which, among other things,  included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, which began in 2013 and will stay in effect until 2032 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 was signed into law, which eliminated the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, previously set at 100% of a drug’s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, effective January 1, 2024. The current administration is pursuing policies to reduce regulations and expenditures across government including at HHS, the FDA, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”) and related agencies. These actions, presently directed by executive orders or memoranda from the Office of Management and Budget, may propose policy changes that create additional uncertainty for our business. For example, the current administration has announced agreements with pharmaceutical companies that require the drug manufacturers to offer, through a direct-to-consumer platform (TrumpRx), U.S. patients and Medicaid programs prescription drug Most-Favored Nation pricing equal to or lower than those paid in other developed nations, with additional mandates for direct-to-patient discounts and repatriation of foreign revenues. Other recent actions may, for example, include (1) directing agencies to reduce agency workforce; (2) directing HHS and other agencies to lower prescription 33 Table of Contents drug costs through a variety of initiatives; (3) imposing tariffs on imported pharmaceutical products; and (4) as part of the Make America Healthy Again Commission’s Strategy Report released in September 2025, working across government agencies to increase enforcement on direct-to-consumer pharmaceutical advertising. Additionally, the current administration recently called on Congress to enact “The Great Healthcare Plan,” to codify and expand Most-Favored Nation pricing, lower government subsidies to private insurance companies, increase healthcare price transparency, expand pharmaceutical drugs available for over-the-counter purchase, and enact restrictions on pharmacy benefit manager payment methodologies, among other things.  In June 2024, in Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, the U.S. Supreme Court greatly reduced judicial deference to regulatory agencies, which could increase successful legal challenges to federal regulations affecting our operations.  Congress may introduce and ultimately pass health care related legislation that could impact the drug approval process and make changes to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. We anticipate that these and other healthcare reform efforts will continue to result in additional downward pressure on coverage and the price that we receive for any approved product, and could seriously harm our business. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. Such reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenue from product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval and may affect our overall financial condition and ability to develop product candidates. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act The FCPA prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, or authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. Additional Regulation In addition to the foregoing, state and federal laws regarding environmental protection and hazardous substances, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, affect our business. These and other laws govern our use, handling and disposal of various biological, chemical and radioactive substances used in, and wastes generated by, our operations. If our operations result in contamination of the environment or expose individuals to hazardous substances, we could be liable for damages and governmental fines. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws and that continued compliance therewith will not have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict, however, how changes in these laws may affect our future operations. Europe / Rest of World Government Regulation In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials and any commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we obtain FDA or ex-US approval of a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Certain countries outside of the United States have a similar process that requires the submission of a clinical trial application much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials. In the EU, for example, all cell therapy products are considered advanced therapeutic medicinal products (ATMPs) and a clinical trial application must be submitted centrally in accordance with EU clinical trial regulations (CTR) for review by a rapporteur appointed by a member state within the EU region. In addition, an independent ethics committee is needed in each country, much like the IRB, in the US. Once the clinical trial application is approved in accordance with a country’s requirements, clinical trial development may proceed. Because biologically sourced raw materials are subject to unique contamination risks, their use may be restricted in some countries. The EU Clinical Trials Regulation is now fully applicable, including for trials previously authorized under the prior Clinical Trials Directive framework. As of the end of the transition period in January 2025, clinical trial applications and oversight in the EU are conducted through the Clinical Trials Information System (CTIS). 34 Table of Contents The requirements and process governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. To obtain regulatory approval of an investigational drug or biological product under EU regulatory systems, we must submit a marketing authorization application (MAA). The application used to file the BLA in the United States is similar to that required in the EU, with the exception of, among other things, country-specific document requirements. For other countries outside of the EU, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If we or our potential collaborators fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Privacy Laws and Regulations In the ordinary course of our business, we and the third parties with whom we work process personal and sensitive data. Accordingly, we are, and may in the future become, subject to numerous data privacy and security obligations, including federal, state, local, and foreign laws, regulations, guidance, and industry standards related to data privacy, security, and protection. For example, in addition to EU regulations related to the approval and commercialization of our products, our activities in the EU subject us to the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR). The EU GDPR imposes stringent requirements for controllers and processors of personal data of persons in the EU, including, for example, more robust disclosures to individuals and a strengthened individual data rights regime, shortened timelines for data breach notifications, limitations on retention of information, increased requirements pertaining to special categories of data, such as health data, and additional obligations when we contract with third-party processors in connection with the processing of the personal data. The EU GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the European Union to the United States and other third countries. In addition, the EU GDPR provides that EU member states may make their own further laws and regulations limiting the processing of personal data, including genetic, biometric or health data. The EU GDPR applies extraterritorially, and we are subject to the EU GDPR because of our data processing activities that involve the personal data of individuals located in the European Union, such as in connection with our EU clinical trials. Failure to comply with the requirements of the EU GDPR and the applicable national data protection laws of the EU member states may result in fines of up to €20,000,000 or up to 4% of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests, and other administrative penalties. The EU GDPR regulations may impose additional responsibility and liability in relation to the personal data that we process and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the new data protection rules. Additionally, numerous US states have passed comprehensive privacy laws. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) creates new individual privacy rights for consumers (as that word is broadly defined in the law) and places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. The CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers, affords California residents certain rights related to their personal data, including the right to opt-out of certain sales of personal data. The CCPA provides for fines and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. As our business progresses, the CCPA may become applicable and impact (possibly significantly) our business activities and exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and protected health information. Many other US states have passed similar comprehensive privacy laws, and more are likely to do so in the future. Refer to the section titled “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, quality systems, or regulatory and clinical operations, could delay regulatory submissions, responses to regulatory inquiries, assay validation activities, or the availability of testing capacity needed to support clinical trials. Any delay in regulatory approvals of the CLARITY assay, such as a delay in a CTA approval in the EU, could slow patient recruitment and impact the overall timeline of our cema-cel clinical development program. If regulatory challenges prevent the assay from being approved in a reasonable timeframe, we may be forced to identify and validate an alternative MRD assay, which could require additional clinical studies, regulatory interactions, and investment of resources, further delaying our program. Furthermore, an alternative MRD assay with sufficient sensitivity may not exist. Additionally, if the CLARITY assay is required for commercial use alongside cema-cel, its approval and reimbursement as a medical device could impact the market adoption of cema-cel. Since we do not control the approval or commercialization strategy of the assay, our ability to ensure its availability, pricing, and regulatory compliance will be limited. Following Foresight’s acquisition by Natera, we may have even less influence over decisions regarding CLARITY’s development, regulatory strategy, commercialization, pricing, or reimbursement approach. If Foresight encounters regulatory setbacks or is unable to secure timely approval, our ability to commercialize cema-cel may be adversely affected. If the approval of the CLARITY assay in any country or region is delayed, denied, or subject to additional regulatory requirements, our cema-cel clinical development timeline, regulatory approval prospects, and potential commercial success in such country or region could be materially impacted, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and future growth. Phase 1 data from our clinical trials is limited and may change as more patient data becomes available or may not be validated in any future or advanced clinical trial. 46 Table of Contents Data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data becomes available. Phase 1 results are preliminary in nature and should not be viewed as predictive of ultimate success. It is possible that such results will not continue or may not be repeated in any clinical trial of our product candidates. For instance, our Phase 2 ALPHA3 trial design is based in part on Phase 1 data from a limited number of patients treated with various doses of ALLO-501 or cema-cel manufactured using the Alloy process. Results from the larger Phase 2 ALPHA3 trial, which we anticipate will only include cema-cel manufactured internally at CF1, but may ultimately also include cema-cel manufactured at a contract manufacturer, may not be consistent with the Phase 1 results. Furthermore, because ALPHA3 will include a different patient population versus our Phase 1 ALPHA2 trial, i.e., patients having MRD after front-line treatment versus patients with radiographically measurable disease after a minimum of two prior lines of treatment, it is possible that cema-cel may behave differently in terms of expansion, persistence and the ability to eradicate residual disease. In addition, our experience with our CD19 and BCMA programs indicates that

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturer, may not be consistent with the Phase 1 results. Furthermore, because ALPHA3 will include a different patient population versus our Phase 1 ALPHA2 trial, i.e., patients having MRD after front-line treatment versus patients with radiographically measurable disease after a minimum of two prior lines of treatment, it is possible that cema-cel may behave differently in terms of expansion, persistence and the ability to eradicate residual disease. In addition, our experience with our CD19 and BCMA programs indicates that manufacturing can impact clinical outcomes. The manufacturing runs we have completed and tested in the clinic are limited across our product candidates and any manufacturing variability that impacts clinical outcomes would significantly harm our business and prospects. We may also fail to develop any optimized manufacturing processes for any of our programs. Ultimately, if we cannot manufacture our product candidates with consistent and reproducible product characteristics, our ability to develop and commercialize any product candidate would be significantly impacted. Phase 1 trials of novel products also commonly include a dose exploration phase during which adverse effects of treatment may emerge at higher doses that are new, unexpected, or occur at higher-than-expected frequencies or severity and may limit our ability to develop such products in one or more target indications or patient populations. Similarly, in dose expansion phase, we may discover that adverse effects, either known or novel, may negatively impact the emerging overall benefit-risk profile of our product candidates and may lead to the discontinuation or other significant alteration to the development plan. Preliminary data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, initial, interim and preliminary data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Adverse differences between preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. We may not be able to submit INDs or equivalent foreign applications to commence additional clinical trials on the timelines we expect, and even if we are able to, the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities may not permit us to proceed. We plan to submit investigational new drug (IND) applications or IND amendments and equivalent foreign applications for current and potentially new product candidates or indications in the future. We cannot be sure that submission of an IND or IND amendment or an equivalent foreign application will result in the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities allowing testing and clinical trials to begin on our anticipated timelines, if at all, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such clinical trials. The manufacturing of allogeneic CAR T cell therapy remains an emerging and evolving field. Accordingly, we expect Chemistry, Manufacturing and Controls (CMC) related topics, including product specification, will be a focus of IND reviews, which may delay the clearance of INDs or IND amendments, and we may face internal or third-party resource constraints in preparing responses and supporting CMC-related submissions. For instance, if we introduce changes to the manufacturing of our product candidates, regulatory authorities may require additional studies or clinical data to support the changes, which could delay our clinical trial timelines. Additionally, even if such regulatory authorities agree with the design and implementation of the clinical trials set forth in an IND, IND amendment or clinical trial application, we cannot guarantee that such regulatory authorities will not change their requirements in the future. We may encounter substantial delays in our clinical trials, or may not be able to conduct our trials on the timelines we expect. Clinical testing is expensive, time consuming and subject to uncertainty. We cannot guarantee that any clinical studies will be conducted as planned or completed on schedule, if at all. Even if our trials begin as planned, issues may arise that could suspend or terminate such clinical trials or a portion thereof. A failure of one or more clinical studies can occur at any stage of testing, and our future clinical studies may not be successful. Events that may prevent successful or timely completion of clinical development include: • inability to generate sufficient preclinical, toxicology or other in vivo or in vitro data to support the initiation of clinical studies; 47 Table of Contents • delays in sufficiently developing, characterizing, controlling or optimizing a manufacturing process suitable for clinical trials, including the validation and deployment of release assays; • difficulty sourcing healthy donor material of sufficient quality and in sufficient quantity to meet our development needs; • delays in developing, obtaining regulatory approval for, or implementing suitable assays for screening patients for eligibility for trials with respect to certain product candidates; • the number of patients who consent to be screened for the ALPHA3 trial may be lower than we expect given the current well-established medical practice of frontline therapy for LBCL and the history of slow patient recruitment in other frontline LBCL trials • the screen failure rate for clinical trials of our product candidates may be higher than we anticipate, requiring us to screen larger numbers of patients than originally planned. For example, the number of patients who have MRD at the end of front-line treatment in ALPHA3 may be lower than we expect requiring more patients to be screened; • delays in reaching a consensus with regulatory agencies on study design; • delays in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical study sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and clinical study sites; • delays in obtaining required IRB approval or approval of other ancillary regulatory committees at each clinical study site; • imposition of a temporary or permanent clinical hold by regulatory agencies for a number of reasons, including after review of an IND application or amendment, or equivalent application or amendment; as a result of a new safety finding that presents uncertain or unreasonable risk to clinical trial participants; a negative finding from an inspection of our or our collaborator’s clinical study operations or our study sites; developments on trials conducted by competitors for related technology that raises FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authority concerns about risk to patients of the technology broadly; or if the FDA or other comparable foreign regulatory authorities find that the investigational protocol or plan is clearly deficient to meet its stated objectives; • delays in recruiting suitable patients to participate in our clinical studies; • delays in activating clinical trial sites; • delays in obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals to expand clinical trials to countries outside the United States, including approvals relating to any required companion diagnostic; • difficulty collaborating with patient groups and investigators; • failure by our CROs, other third parties or us to adhere to clinical study requirements; • failure to perform in accordance with the FDA’s good clinical practices (GCP) requirements or equivalent regulatory guidelines in other countries; • delays or failures in the transfer of manufacturing processes to any CDMO or our own manufacturing facility or any other development or commercialization partner for the manufacture of product candidates; • delays in having patients complete participation in a study or return for post-treatment follow-up; • patients dropping out of a study; • occurrence of adverse events associated with the product candidate that are viewed to outweigh its potential benefits; • changes in regulatory requirements and guidance that require amending or submitting new clinical protocols; • changes in the standard of care on which a clinical development plan was based, which may require new or additional trials; • the cost of clinical studies of our product candidates being greater than we anticipate; 48 Table of Contents • clinical studies of our product candidates producing negative or inconclusive results, which may result in our deciding, or regulators requiring us, to conduct additional clinical studies or abandon product development programs; • delays or failure to secure supply agreements with suitable raw material suppliers, or any failures by suppliers to meet our quantity or quality requirements for necessary

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials that are used for the manufacturing of our product candidates, such as viral vectors that are used to deliver the applicable CAR gene into the T cells. We believe all materials and components utilized in the production of the cell line, viral vector and final T cell product are available from qualified suppliers and suitable for pivotal process development in readiness for registration and commercialization. Although we are utilizing CF1 for clinical manufacturing, we may continue to rely on CDMOs and other third parties for the manufacturing and processing of our product candidates in the future. We believe the use of contract manufacturing and testing for our first clinical product candidates has allowed us to rapidly prepare for clinical trials in accordance with our development plans. We plan to maintain a robust supply chain with redundant sources of supply comprised of both internal and external infrastructure. We expect CF1 and third-party manufacturers will be capable of providing and processing sufficient quantities of our product candidates to meet anticipated clinical trial demands. Strategic Agreements Allogene Overland Biopharm (CY) Limited (Allogene Overland), later renamed Overland Therapeutics Inc. (Overland Therapeutics), was initially established as a joint venture by us and Overland Pharmaceuticals (CY) Inc. (Overland) pursuant to a Share Purchase Agreement (Share Purchase Agreement), dated December 14, 2020. Concurrently, on December 14, 2020, we entered into a License Agreement (License Agreement) with Allogene Overland for the purpose of developing, manufacturing and commercializing certain allogeneic CAR T cell therapies (JV Licensed Products) for patients in greater China, Taiwan, South Korea and Singapore (the JV Territory). On May 24, 2024, we, Overland, and Allogene Overland entered into a Share Exchange Agreement (Share Exchange Agreement) pursuant to which Overland’s cell therapy business merged into Allogene Overland (the Organizational Restructuring). Under a separate agreement between Overland and HH BioPharma Holdings Ltd. (HBP) executed on May 24, 2024, Overland distributed all Series Seed Preferred Shares of Allogene Overland held by Overland to HBP and HBP has assumed all rights and obligations attached to such shares and all rights and obligations of Overland under the Share Exchange Agreement. In connection with the Organizational Restructuring, on May 24, 2024, we and Allogene Overland PRC, entered into a First Amendment to the License Agreement (the License Amendment) to amend and supplement certain provisions of the License Agreement. Under the License Amendment, we continue to grant Allogene Overland PRC an exclusive license to develop, manufacture, and commercialize the JV Licensed Products in the JV Territory, with us retaining exclusive rights to the JV Licensed Products outside the JV Territory We have also entered into multiple additional strategic agreements and collaborations, including an Asset Contribution Agreement with Pfizer (the Pfizer Agreement), a License Agreement with Cellectis (the Cellectis Agreement), the Servier 20 Table of Contents Agreement, a Collaboration and License Agreement (the Notch Agreement) with Notch Therapeutics Inc. (Notch), and a Strategic Collaboration Agreement with Foresight Diagnostics. For additional information regarding our significant agreements refer to Note 6 in our consolidated financial statements appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report. Intellectual Property Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, as well as novel discoveries, product development technologies, and know-how. Our commercial success also depends in part on our ability to operate without infringing on the proprietary rights of others and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. Our policy is to develop and maintain protection of our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing or in-licensing U.S. and foreign patents and applications related to our technology, inventions, and improvements that are important to the development and implementation of our business. We also rely on trademarks, trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovation, confidentiality agreements, and invention assignment agreements to develop and maintain our proprietary position. The confidentiality agreements are designed to protect our proprietary information and the invention assignment agreements are designed to grant us ownership of technologies that are developed for us by our employees, consultants, or other third parties. We seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our data and trade secrets by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems. While we have confidence in our agreements and security measures, either may be breached, and we may not have adequate remedies. In addition, our trade secrets may otherwise become known or independently discovered by competitors. With respect to both licensed and company-owned intellectual property, we cannot be sure that patents will be granted with respect to any of our pending patent applications or with respect to any patent applications filed by us in the future, nor can we be sure that any of our existing patents or any patents that may be granted to us in the future will be commercially useful in protecting our commercial products and methods of using and manufacturing the same. We are actively building our intellectual property portfolio around our product candidates and our discovery programs, based on our own intellectual property as well as licensed intellectual property. Following the execution of the Pfizer Agreement, we are the owner of, co-owner of, or the licensee of multiple patents and patent applications in the United States and worldwide. These licensed assets include rights to the Cellectis TALEN ® gene-editing technology to engineer T cells that lack functional TCRs and to inactivate the CD52 gene in donor cells. We have exclusive worldwide rights to these patents for certain antigen targets, including BCMA, CD70, FLT3, DLL3 and Claudin 18.2, and have U.S., EU, and UK rights to these patents for cema-cel. We also have rights to Cellectis intellectual property for technology covering an engineered T cell therapy combining CD52 gene knockout in combination with an anti-CD52 antibody for certain products directed against certain antigen targets. For our lead programs, our patent rights are generally composed of patents and pending patent applications that are solely owned by us, co-owned with Servier, co-owned with Cellectis, co-owned with Pfizer, exclusively licensed from Pfizer, exclusively licensed from Servier, or exclusively licensed from Cellectis. Our patent portfolio includes protection for our clinical-stage product candidates, ALLO-501, cema-cel, ALLO-316, ALLO-329, ALLO-715, and ALLO-605, as well as our research-stage candidates. With respect to cema-cel, we have an exclusive license from Servier to patent rights in the United States covering compositions of matter of and methods of making and using cema-cel. With respect to ALLO-715, ALLO-605 and ALLO-316, we have an exclusive license from Pfizer to patent rights covering ALLO-715, ALLO-605, and ALLO-316 in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions. These rights cover compositions of matter of and methods of making and using ALLO-715, ALLO-605 and ALLO-316. We also have patent rights to the TurboCAR™ and Dagger ® technologies solely owned by us, including technology that covers the TurboCAR™ construct that is part of ALLO-605, and the Dagger ® construct that is part of ALLO-329. More generally, our patent portfolio and filing strategy is designed to provide multiple layers of protection by pursuing claims directed toward, for example: (1) antigen binding domains directed to the targets of our product candidates; (2) CAR constructs used in our product candidates; (3) methods of treatment for therapeutic indications; (4) manufacturing processes, preconditioning methods, and dosing regimens; and (5) immune evasion and other gene and cell engineering technology. The term of individual patents depends upon the legal term of the patents in the countries in which they are obtained. In most countries in which we file, the patent term, generally, is 20 years from the date of filing of the first non-provisional application to which priority is claimed. In the United States, patent term may be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which compensates a patentee for administrative delays by the United States Patent and Trademark Office in granting a patent, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over an earlier-filed patent. In the United States, the term of a patent that covers an FDA-approved drug may also be eligible for a patent term extension of up to five years under the Hatch-Waxman Act, which is designed to compensate for the patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. The length of the patent term extension involves a complex calculation based on the length of time it takes for regulatory review. A patent term extension under the Hatch-Waxman Act cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the date 21 Table of Contents of product approval and only one patent applicable to an approved drug may be extended. Moreover, a patent can only be extended once, and thus, if a single patent is applicable to multiple products, it can only be extended based on one product. Similar provisions are available in Europe and certain other foreign jurisdictions to extend the term of a patent that covers an approved drug. Competition Oncology is a highly competitive market for drug development. If successfully developed, our products will compete with therapies that have been developed or are in development at biopharmaceutical companies, academic research institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions. We anticipate increasing competition from existing and new cell-based therapies, including products that are both autologous and allogeneic in nature. We also anticipate competition from other therapeutic modalities, including antibodies, bispecific T cell engagers, antibody drug conjugates, and small molecule therapeutics. In particular, the rapid development and commercialization of bispecific antibodies and other “off-the-shelf” immune oncology products may reduce the number of patients eligible for, or willing to receive, cell therapy, may shift treatment sequencing and standards of care, and may intensify pricing and reimbursement pressures, any of which could adversely affect enrollment in our clinical trials and, if approved, the commercial adoption of our product candidates. Autologous T cell therapies directed at CD19 have been commercialized by Novartis, Kite/Gilead and Bristol-Myers Squibb Company (BMS) and are witnessing increased adoption in the marketplace. In August 2017, Novartis obtained FDA approval to commercialize Kymriah® for the treatment of children and young adults with B-cell ALL that is refractory or has relapsed at least twice. In May 2018, Kymriah® received FDA approval for adults with certain types of LBCL who have not responded to, or who have relapsed after, at least two other types of systemic treatment (3rd-line LBCL), and in May 2022, Kymriah® received FDA approval for the treatment of adult patients with relapsed or refractory follicular lymphoma (FL) after two or more lines of systemic therapy. In October 2017, Kite/Gilead obtained FDA approval to commercialize Yescarta®, for the treatment of adult patients with 3rd-line LBCL. This was followed by approval of Yescarta® for R/R FL in March 2021 and approval of 2nd-line LBCL in April 2022. Kite has also received FDA approval for a second autologous CD19-directed T cell therapy, Tecartus®, for use in patients with R/R mantle cell lymphoma and adult patients with R/R B-cell ALL. In February 2021, BMS obtained FDA approval for its anti-CD19 autologous T cell therapy, Breyanzi® for the treatment of adults with 3rd-line LBCL. The Breyanzi® label was extended to 2nd-line LBCL in June 2022, R/R Chronic Lymphocytic Leukemia (CLL) in March 2024, R/R FL in May 2024, and R/R Mantle Cell Lymphoma (MCL) in May 2024. In November 2024, Autolus Therapeutics obtained FDA approval for its anti-CD19 autologous T cell therapy, Aucatzyl® (obecabtagene autoleucel), for adults with relapsed or refractory B-cell precursor ALL. Autologous cell therapies directed at BCMA have been commercialized by BMS and Janssen, a Johnson & Johnson company. In March 2021, BMS and partner 2seventy bio, Inc. received FDA approval of Abecma®, an anti-BCMA autologous T cell therapy, for the treatment of adult patients with multiple myeloma who have received at least four prior therapies. Janssen and partner Legend Bio received approval for Carvykti®, an anti-BCMA autologous T cell therapy, for the same indication in February 2022. Both Abecma® and Carvykti® have succeeded in pivotal trials in earlier lines of R/R myeloma and have gained label extensions into this market in 2024. Autologous T cell therapies are being developed by a number of additional companies, including but not limited to 2seventy bio, Inc., Adaptimmune Therapeutics PLC, Alaunos Therapeutics, Inc., Arcellx, Inc., Arsenal Biosciences, Inc., AstraZeneca plc, Autolus Therapeutics plc, Eureka Therapeutics, Inc., Galapagos NV, Gilead Sciences, Inc., Instil Bio, Inc., Iovance Biotherapeutics, Inc., Legend Biotech Corp., Lyell Immunopharma Inc., Mustang Bio, Inc., Triumvira Immunologics, and TScan Therapeutics, Inc. Autologous CAR T therapy has made significant advances in addressing R/R NHL, and has moved to earlier lines of therapy, as further described above. We do not, however, believe that autologous CAR T therapy will be a viable option in the 1L consolidation setting because of the reduced T cell counts in patients who have recently completed 1L therapy as well as lengthy lead time for the individualized manufacturing process for autologous CAR T. Once it is determined that a patient is MRD positive following standard 1L treatment, we believe that the speed at which a patient is treated with CAR T therapy will enhance response rates. Published results of front-line chemotherapy outcomes suggest that MRD positive patients are likely to progress, and some patients may do so very quickly (i.e., within a matter of weeks after completing 1L therapy). Furthermore, data suggests that patients who have low burden of disease when they receive CAR T cells tend to have better safety and efficacy outcomes, including lower rates of CRS and more durable remissions. As a result, we believe that it will be important that patients receive CAR T therapy as soon as possible following an MRD positive diagnosis, which will not allow for the lengthy manufacturing process of autologous CAR T. In addition, a number of companies are developing in vivo approaches intended to generate CAR T cells inside the patient by delivering genetic payloads (for example, mRNA encoding a CAR) to immune cells using delivery systems such as targeted lipid nanoparticles, with the goal of avoiding ex vivo cell collection and individualized manufacturing. These 22 Table of Contents approaches are early-stage and face significant development challenges (including targeted delivery, control of CAR expression and persistence, safety, and scalability of delivery platforms), but if successful, they could broaden use of CAR T therapy in both oncology and autoimmune disease and therefore may compete with our programs. Allogeneic T cell products have yet to receive FDA approval though the number of companies developing allogeneic product candidates is substantial. These include AstraZeneca, plc, Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc., Beam Therapeutics, Inc., Caribou Biosciences, Inc., CRISPR Therapeutics AG, Editas Medicine, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Fate Therapeutics, Inc., Gilead Sciences, Inc., Imugene Ltd., Intellia Therapeutics, Inc., Legend Biotech Corp., Precision Biosciences, Inc., and Sana Biotechnology, Inc. Some of the allogeneic T cell candidates under development target the same antigens that are part of our clinical pipeline, such as CD19, BCMA and CD70. Additionally, Cellectis has several fully-owned allogeneic CAR T programs that could compete with programs that fall outside our agreement with Cellectis. There are also cell therapies under development that are based upon cell types other than the common type of T cells used by us and known as alpha/beta T cells. These include product candidates derived from natural killer cells, natural killer T cells, gamma/delta T cells and macrophage cells. Companies developing such therapies include Adicet Bio, Inc., Artiva Biotherapeutics, Inc., Carisma Therapeutics, Inc., Cytovia Therapeutics, Inc., Celularity, Inc., Century Therapeutics, Inc., Fate Therapeutics, Inc., Gamida Cell Ltd., In8bio, Inc., Lyell Immunopharma, Inc., Nkarta, Inc., Shoreline Bio, Inc., and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited. Competition may also arise from non-cell based immune oncology platforms. For instance, we may experience competition from companies, such as AbbVie, Inc., Amgen Inc., BMS, Compass Therapeutics, Inc., F. Hoffmann-La Roche AG, Genmab A/S, GlaxoSmithKline plc, Immunocore Holdings plc, Johnson & Johnson, MacroGenics, Inc., Merck & Co. Inc., Merus N.V., Pfizer, Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Xencor Inc., that are pursuing bispecific T cell engagers that target both the cancer antigen and T cell receptor, thus bringing both cancer cells and T cells in close proximity to maximize the likelihood of an immune response to the cancer cells. Bi-specific T cell engagers targeting BCMA for myeloma and CD20 for lymphoma have advanced rapidly in development, with initial FDA approvals beginning in 2022, and additional products approved since that time. These therapies may be administered without individualized cell collection and manufacturing, and in some settings may be used before, after, or instead of cell therapies. As a result, bispecific therapies may reduce the addressable patient population for our product candidates, compete for physician and patient preference based on convenience or risk-benefit profile, and contribute to increased pricing and reimbursement pressure. Additionally, companies, such as ADC Therapeutics SA, Amgen Inc., Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited, Gilead Sciences, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline plc, ImmunoGen, Inc., Pfizer Inc., Regeneron Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and Sutro Biopharma, Inc. are pursuing antibody drug conjugates, which utilize the targeting ability of antibodies to deliver cell-killing agents directly to cancer cells. In addition to the significant competition noted above in oncology markets, as early data in the use of CAR T cell therapy for the treatment of autoimmune disease has been emerging since 2022, there have been many companies initiating autologous and/or allogeneic cell therapy development programs that would be in direct competition to our autoimmune program. For example, we may experience competition in these markets from companies such as Adicet Bio, Inc., Arcellx, Inc., Atara Biotherapeutics, Inc., Autolus Therapeutics plc, BMS, Cabaletta Bio, Inc., Caribou Biosciences, Inc., Cartesian Therapeutics, Inc., CRISPR Therapeutics AG, Fate Therapeutics, Inc., Gracell Biotechnologies, Inc., ImmPACT Bio USA, Inc., Kyverna Therapeutics, Inc., Nkarta, Inc., Novartis, Sana Biotechnology, Inc., and TG Therapeutics Inc. Many of our competitors, either alone or with their collaboration partners, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, pre-clinical testing, clinical trials, manufacturing, and marketing than we do. Future collaborations and mergers and acquisitions may result in further resource concentration among a smaller number of competitors. Our commercial potential could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize products that are better tolerated, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than products that we may develop. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market or make our development more complicated. The key competitive factors affecting the success of all of our programs are likely to be efficacy, safety, convenience, and cost of manufacturing. These competitors may also vie for a similar pool of qualified scientific and management talent, sites and patient populations for clinical trials, and investor capital, as well as for technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. 23 Table of Contents Government Regulation and Product Approval As a biopharmaceutical company that operates in the United States, we are subject to extensive regulation. Our cell products will be regulated as biologics. With this classification, commercial production of our products will need to occur in registered facilities in compliance with cGMP for biologics. The FDA categorizes human cell- or tissue-based products as either minimally manipulated or more than minimally manipulated, and has determined that more than minimally manipulated products require clinical trials to demonstrate product safety and efficacy and the submission of a biologics license application (BLA) for marketing authorization. Our products are considered more than minimally manipulated and will require evaluation in clinical trials and the submission and approval of a BLA before we can market them. Government authorities in the United States (at the federal, state and local level) and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacturing, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing and export and import of biopharmaceutical products such as those we are developing. Our product candidates must be approved by the FDA before they may be legally marketed in the United States and by the appropriate foreign regulatory agency before they may be legally marketed in foreign countries. Generally, our activities in other countries will be subject to regulation that is similar in nature and scope as that imposed in the United States, although there can be important differences. Additionally, some significant aspects of regulation in Europe are addressed in a centralized way, but country-specific regulation remains essential in many respects. The process for obtaining regulatory marketing approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. U.S. Product Development Process In the United States, the FDA regulates pharmaceutical and biological products under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), the Public Health Service Act (PHSA) and their implementing regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. FDA sanctions could include, among other actions, refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, a clinical hold, warning letters, product recalls or withdrawals from the market, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. We have been placed on clinical hold previously and any future agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. The process required by the FDA before a biological product may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: • completion of nonclinical laboratory tests and animal studies according to good laboratory practices (GLPs) and applicable requirements for the humane use of laboratory animals or other applicable regulations; • submission to the FDA of an IND, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; • approval by an independent Institutional Review Board (IRB) or ethics committee at each clinical site before the trial is commenced; • performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to the FDA’s regulations commonly referred to as good clinical practices (GCPs) and any additional requirements for the protection of human research patients and their health information, to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed biological product for its intended use; • submission to the FDA of a BLA for marketing approval that includes substantial evidence of safety, purity, and potency from results of nonclinical testing and clinical trials, and which is validated as complete for review by the FDA; • satisfactory completion of an FDA Advisory Committee review, if applicable; • satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the biological product is produced to assess compliance with cGMP, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the biological product’s identity, strength, quality and purity and, if applicable, the FDA’s current good tissue practices (GTPs) for the use of human cellular and tissue products; • potential FDA audit of the nonclinical study and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the BLA; and • FDA review and approval, or licensure, of the BLA. Before testing any biological product candidate, including our product candidates, in humans, the product candidate enters the preclinical testing stage. Preclinical tests, also referred to as nonclinical studies, include laboratory evaluations of 24 Table of Contents product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the product candidate. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements including GLPs. The clinical trial sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises concerns or questions regarding the proposed clinical trials and places the trial on a clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. The FDA may also impose clinical holds on a biological product candidate at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. If the FDA imposes a clinical hold, trials may not recommence without FDA authorization and then only under terms authorized by the FDA. Accordingly, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that suspend or terminate such trials. Clinical trials involve the administration of the biological product candidate to patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor’s control. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria, and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety, including stopping rules that assure a clinical trial will be stopped if certain adverse events should occur. Each protocol and any amendments to the protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Clinical trials must be conducted and monitored in accordance with the FDA’s regulations comprising the GCP requirements, including the requirement that all research patients provide informed consent. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an independent IRB at or servicing each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the form and content of the informed consent that must be signed by each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. Certain clinical trials involving human gene transfer research also must be overseen by an Institutional Biosafety Committee (IBC), a standing committee to provide peer review of the safety of research plans, procedures, personnel training and environmental risks of work involving recombinant DNA molecules. IBCs are typically assigned certain review responsibilities relating to the use of recombinant DNA molecules, including reviewing potential environmental risks, assessing containment levels, and evaluating the adequacy of facilities, personnel training, and compliance with the National Institutes of Health Guidelines. We may also engage an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board, to provide authorization for whether or not a study may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the study and may halt the clinical trial if it determines that there is an unacceptable safety risk for subjects or other grounds, such as no demonstration of efficacy. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical studies and clinical study results to public registries. Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined: • Phase 1. The biological product is initially introduced into healthy human subjects and tested for safety. In the case of some products for severe or life-threatening diseases, especially when the product may be too inherently toxic to ethically administer to healthy volunteers, the initial human testing is often conducted in patients. • Phase 2. The biological product is evaluated in a limited patient population to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance, optimal dosage and dosing schedule. • Phase 3. Clinical trials are undertaken to further evaluate dosage, clinical efficacy, potency, and safety in an expanded patient population at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. These clinical trials are intended to establish the overall risk to benefit ratio of the product and provide an adequate basis for product labeling. Long term follow-up for all patients who get marketed product and post-approval clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be required after initial marketing approval. These clinical trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow-up. During all phases of clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data, and clinical trial investigators. Annual progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted to the FDA. Written IND safety reports must be promptly submitted to the FDA, and the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse events, any findings from other studies, tests in laboratory animals or in vitro testing that suggest a significant risk for human patients, or any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must submit an IND safety report within 15 calendar days after the sponsor determines that the information qualifies for reporting. The sponsor also must notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction within seven calendar days after the sponsor’s initial receipt of the information. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. The FDA or the sponsor or its data safety monitoring board may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various 25 Table of Contents grounds, including a finding that the research patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk, including risks inferred from other unrelated immunotherapy trials. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB’s requirements or if the biological product has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. Concurrently with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional studies and must also develop additional information about the physical characteristics of the biological product as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. To help reduce the risk of the introduction of adventitious agents with use of biological products, the PHSA emphasizes the importance of manufacturing control for products whose attributes cannot be precisely defined. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the product candidate and, among other things, the sponsor must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality, potency and purity of the final biological product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the biological product candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. The FDA has continued to issue guidance specific to cellular and gene therapy (CGT) products. For example, in November 2024, the FDA issued draft guidance providing frequently asked questions on CGT product development, including common regulatory, chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC), and clinical issues, and in December 2023, the FDA issued draft guidance on potency assurance for CGT products that discusses a science- and risk-based strategy to help assure potency across the product lifecycle. U.S. Review and Approval Processes After the completion of clinical trials of a biological product, FDA approval of a BLA must be obtained before commercial marketing of the biological product. The BLA submission must include results of product development, laboratory and animal studies, human trials, information on the manufacture and composition of the product, proposed labeling and other relevant information. The testing and approval processes require substantial time and effort and there can be no assurance that the FDA will accept the BLA for filing and, even if filed, that any approval will be granted on a timely basis, if at all. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA), as amended, each BLA must be accompanied by a significant user fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. PDUFA also imposes an annual program fee for biological products. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on BLAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication. Within 60 or 74 days following submission of the application, the FDA reviews a BLA submitted to determine if it is substantially complete before the agency accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any BLA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission and may request additional information. In this event, the BLA must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth substantive review of the BLA. The FDA reviews the BLA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe, potent, and/or effective for its intended use, and has an acceptable purity profile, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the product’s identity, safety, strength, quality, potency and purity. The FDA may refer applications for novel biological products or biological products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. During the biological product approval process, the FDA also will determine whether a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) is necessary to assure the safe use of the biological product. A REMS is a safety strategy to manage a known or potential serious risk associated with a medicine and to enable patients to have continued access to such medicines by managing their safe use, and could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the BLA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve a BLA without a REMS, if required. Before approving a BLA, the FDA will inspect the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the product within required specifications. For immunotherapy products, the FDA also will not approve the product if the manufacturer is not in compliance with the GTPs, to the extent applicable. These are FDA regulations and guidance documents that govern the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the manufacture of human cells, tissue, and cellular and tissue-based products (HCT/Ps), which are human cells or tissue intended for implantation, transplant, infusion, or transfer into a human recipient. The primary intent of the GTP requirements is to ensure that cell and tissue-based products are manufactured in a manner designed to prevent the introduction, 26 Table of Contents transmission and spread of communicable disease. FDA regulations also require tissue establishments to register and list their HCT/Ps with the FDA and, when applicable, to evaluate donors through screening and testing. Additionally, before approving a BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure that the clinical trials were conducted in compliance with IND trial requirements and GCP requirements. To assure cGMP, GTP and GCP compliance, an applicant must incur significant expenditure of time, money and effort in the areas of training, record keeping, production, and quality control. Notwithstanding the submission of relevant data and information, the FDA may ultimately decide that the BLA does not satisfy its regulatory criteria for approval and deny approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. If the agency decides not to approve the BLA in its present form, the FDA will issue a complete response letter that describes all of the specific deficiencies in the BLA identified by the FDA. The deficiencies identified may be minor, for example, requiring labeling changes, or major, for example, requiring additional clinical trials. Additionally, the complete response letter may include recommended actions that the applicant might take to place the application in a condition for approval. If a complete response letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the BLA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, or withdraw the application. If a product receives regulatory approval, the approval may be limited to specific diseases and dosages or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the product. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling. The FDA may impose restrictions and conditions on product distribution, prescribing, or dispensing in the form of a risk management plan, or otherwise limit the scope of any approval. In addition, the FDA may require post marketing clinical trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, designed to further assess a biological product’s safety and effectiveness, and testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved products that have been commercialized. In addition, under the Pediatric Research Equity Act (PREA), a BLA or supplement to a BLA must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of data or full or partial waivers. Orphan Drug Designation Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan designation to a drug or biologic intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States and for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making available in the United States a drug or biologic for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the United States for that drug or biologic. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting a BLA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the generic identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. The orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review or approval process. If a product that has orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan product exclusivity, which means that the FDA may not approve any other applications, including a full BLA, to market the same biologic for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority to the product with orphan drug exclusivity. Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent FDA from approving a different drug or biologic for the same disease or condition, or the same drug or biologic for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the BLA application user fee. A designated orphan drug may not receive orphan drug exclusivity if it is approved for a use that is broader than the indication for which it received orphan designation. In addition, exclusive marketing rights in the United States may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantities of the product to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Expedited Development and Review Programs The FDA has a fast track program that is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for reviewing new products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, new products are eligible for fast track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. Fast track designation applies to the combination of the product and the specific indication for which it is being studied. Unique to a fast track product, the FDA may consider for review sections of the BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the BLA, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the BLA and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the BLA. 27 Table of Contents Any product submitted to the FDA for approval, including a product with a fast track designation, may also be eligible for other types of FDA programs intended to expedite development and review, such as priority review and accelerated approval. A product is eligible for priority review if it has the potential to provide safe and effective therapy where no satisfactory alternative therapy exists or a significant improvement in the treatment, diagnosis or prevention of a disease compared to marketed products. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application for a new product designated for priority review in an effort to facilitate the review. Additionally, a product may be eligible for accelerated approval. Products studied for their safety and effectiveness in treating serious or life-threatening diseases or conditions may receive accelerated approval upon a determination that the product has an effect on a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality, that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account the severity, rarity, or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require that a sponsor of a drug or biological product receiving accelerated approval perform adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical studies. In addition, the FDA currently requires as a condition for accelerated approval pre-approval of promotional materials, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. Congress expanded FDA’s authorities regarding accelerated approval in 2023, including authority to require that confirmatory trials be underway prior to approval or within a specified time period after approval, and the FDA issued draft guidance in January 2025 describing factors it intends to consider when determining whether a confirmatory trial is “underway.” Regenerative Medicine Advanced Therapy (RMAT) designation was established by FDA to facilitate an efficient development program for, and expedite review of, any drug that meets the following criteria: (1) it qualifies as a RMAT, which is defined as a cell therapy, therapeutic tissue engineering product, human cell and tissue product, or any combination product using such therapies or products, with limited exceptions; (2) it is intended to treat, modify, reverse, or cure a serious or life-threatening disease or condition; and (3) preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug has the potential to address unmet medical needs for such a disease or condition. RMAT designation provides potential benefits that include more frequent meetings with FDA to discuss the development plan for the product candidate and eligibility for rolling review and priority review. Products granted RMAT designation may also be eligible for accelerated approval on the basis of a surrogate or intermediate endpoint reasonably likely to predict long-term clinical benefit, or reliance upon data obtained from a meaningful number of sites, including through expansion to additional sites. Once approved, when appropriate, the FDA can permit fulfillment of post-approval requirements under accelerated approval through the submission of clinical evidence, clinical studies, patient registries, or other sources of real world evidence such as electronic health records; through the collection of larger confirmatory datasets; or through post-approval monitoring of all patients treated with the therapy prior to approval. Breakthrough therapy designation is also intended to expedite the development and review of products that treat serious or life-threatening conditions. The designation by FDA requires preliminary clinical evidence that a product candidate, alone or in combination with other drugs and biologics, demonstrates substantial improvement over currently available therapy on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. Breakthrough therapy designation comes with all of the benefits of fast track designation, which means that the sponsor may file sections of the BLA for review on a rolling basis if certain conditions are satisfied, including an agreement with FDA on the proposed schedule for submission of portions of the application and the payment of applicable user fees before the FDA may initiate a review. Fast track designation, priority review, RMAT and Breakthrough therapy designation do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Post-Approval Requirements Any products for which we receive FDA approvals are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, record-keeping requirements, reporting of adverse experiences with the product, providing the FDA with updated safety and efficacy information, product sampling and distribution requirements, and complying with FDA promotion and advertising requirements, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, restrictions on promoting products for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the product’s approved uses (known as “off-label use”), limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and requirements for promotional activities involving the internet. Although a physician may prescribe a legally available product for an off-label use, if the physician deems such product to be appropriate in his/her professional medical judgment, a manufacturer may not market or promote off-label uses. However, it is permissible to share in certain circumstances truthful and not misleading information that is consistent with the product’s approved labeling. In addition, quality control and manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to applicable manufacturing requirements after approval to ensure the long-term stability of the product. cGMP regulations require among other things, 28 Table of Contents quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any deviations from cGMP. Manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved products are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. Discovery of problems with a product after approval may result in restrictions on a product, manufacturer, or holder of an approved BLA, including, among other things, recall or withdrawal of the product from the market. In addition, changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. Other types of changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications and claims, are also subject to further FDA review and approval. The FDA also may require post-marketing testing, known as Phase 4 testing, and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product. Discovery of previously unknown problems with a product or the failure to comply with applicable FDA requirements can have negative consequences, including adverse publicity, judicial or administrative enforcement, warning letters from the FDA, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, and civil or criminal penalties, among others. Newly discovered or developed safety or effectiveness data may require changes to a product’s approved labeling, including the addition of new warnings and contraindications, and also may require the implementation of other risk management measures. Also, new government requirements, including those resulting from new legislation, may be established, or the FDA’s policies may change, which could delay or prevent regulatory approval of our products under development. Given the potential for long-lasting effects of CGT products, the FDA issued draft guidance in September 2025 describing methods and approaches for capturing post-approval safety and efficacy data for CGT products, including through approaches such as registries and other real-world data sources. U.S. Marketing Exclusivity The Biologics Price Competition and Innovation Act (BPCIA) amended the PHSA to authorize the FDA to approve similar versions of innovative biologics, commonly known as biosimilars. A competitor seeking approval of a biosimilar must file an application to establish its molecule as highly similar to an approved innovator biologic, among other requirements. The BPCIA, however, bars the FDA from approving biosimilar applications for 12 years after an innovator biological product receives initial marketing approval. This 12-year period of data exclusivity may be extended by six months, for a total of 12.5 years, if the FDA requests that the innovator company conduct pediatric clinical investigations of the product. Depending upon the timing, duration and specifics of the FDA approval of the use of our product candidates, some of our U.S. patents, if granted, may be eligible for limited patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch-Waxman Act. The Hatch-Waxman Act permits a patent restoration term of up to five years, as compensation for patent term lost during product development and the FDA regulatory review process. However, patent term restoration cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of an IND and the submission date of a BLA plus the time between the submission date of a BLA and the approval of that application. Only one patent applicable to an approved product is eligible for the extension and the application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent. The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. In the future, we may intend to apply for restoration of patent term for one of our currently owned or licensed patents to add patent life beyond its current expiration date, depending on the expected length of the clinical trials and other factors involved in the filing of the relevant BLA. Pediatric exclusivity is another type of regulatory market exclusivity in the United States. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial in accordance with an FDA-issued “Written Request” for such a trial. FDA Approval and Regulation of Medical Devices and Companion Diagnostics If safe and effective use of a therapeutic depends on an in vitro diagnostic, then the FDA generally will require approval or clearance of that diagnostic, known as a companion diagnostic, at the same time that the FDA approves the therapeutic product. In August 2014, the FDA issued final guidance clarifying the requirements that apply to approval of therapeutic products and in vitro companion diagnostics. According to the guidance, if the FDA determines that a companion diagnostic device is essential to the safe and effective use of a novel therapeutic product or indication, the FDA generally will not approve the therapeutic product or new therapeutic product indication if the companion diagnostic device is not approved or cleared for that indication. Approval or clearance of the companion diagnostic device will ensure that the device has been adequately evaluated and has adequate performance characteristics in the intended population. The review of in vitro 29 Table of Contents companion diagnostics in conjunction with the review of our product candidates in development for cancer will, therefore, likely involve coordination of review by the FDA’s Center for Drug Evaluation and Research and the FDA’s Center for Devices and Radiological Health Office of In Vitro Diagnostics and Radiological Health. Under the FDCA, in vitro diagnostics, including companion diagnostics, are regulated as medical devices. In the U.S., the FDCA and its implementing regulations, and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, medical device design and development, preclinical and clinical testing, premarket clearance or approval, registration and listing, manufacturing, labeling, storage, advertising and promotion, sales and distribution, export and import, and post-market surveillance. Unless an exemption applies, medical devices, including companion diagnostic tests, require marketing clearance or approval from the FDA prior to commercial distribution. The two primary types of FDA marketing authorization applicable to a medical device are premarket notification (“510(k) clearance”) and premarket approval (“PMA”). To obtain 510(k) clearance, a manufacturer must submit to the FDA a premarket notification submission demonstrating that the proposed device is “substantially equivalent” to a legally marketed predicate device. The FDA’s 510(k) clearance process usually takes from three to twelve months but may take longer. The FDA may require additional information, including clinical data, to make a determination regarding substantial equivalence. If the FDA agrees that the device is substantially equivalent to a predicate device currently on the market, it will grant 510(k) clearance to commercially market the device. If the FDA determines that the device is “not substantially equivalent” to a previously cleared device, the device is automatically designated as a Class III (i.e., high-risk) device. The device sponsor must then fulfill more rigorous PMA requirements or can request a risk-based classification determination for the device in accordance with the “de novo” process, which is a route to market for novel medical devices that are low to moderate risk and are not substantially equivalent to a predicate device. After a device receives 510(k) clearance, any modification that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change or modification in its intended use, will require a new 510(k) clearance or depending on the modification, approval of a PMA application or de novo classification. The FDA requires each manufacturer to determine whether the proposed change requires submission of a 510(k), de novo classification or a PMA in the first instance, but the FDA can review any such decision and disagree with a manufacturer’s determination. If the FDA disagrees with a manufacturer’s determination, the FDA can require the manufacturer to cease marketing and/or request the recall of the modified device until it receives 510(k) clearance, approval of a PMA application, or issuance of a de novo classification. Also, in these circumstances, the manufacturer may be subject to significant regulatory fines or penalties. The PMA process, including the gathering of clinical and preclinical data and the submission to and review by the FDA, can take several years or longer. It involves a rigorous premarket review during which the applicant must prepare and provide the FDA with reasonable assurance of the device’s safety and effectiveness and information about the device and its components regarding, among other things, device design, manufacturing and labeling. PMA applications are subject to an application fee. In addition, PMAs for certain devices must generally include the results from extensive preclinical and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the device for each indication for which FDA approval is sought. In particular, for a diagnostic, a PMA application typically requires data regarding analytical and clinical validation studies. As part of the PMA review, the FDA will typically inspect the manufacturer’s facilities for compliance with the QSR which imposes elaborate testing, control, documentation and other quality assurance requirements. Approval of a PMA is not guaranteed, and the FDA may ultimately respond to a PMA submission with a not approvable determination based on deficiencies in the application and require additional clinical trial or other data that may be expensive and time-consuming to generate and that can substantially delay approval. If the FDA’s evaluation of the PMA application is favorable, the FDA typically issues an approvable letter requiring the applicant’s agreement to specific conditions, such as changes in labeling, or specific additional information, such as submission of final labeling, in order to secure final approval of the PMA. If the FDA’s evaluation of the PMA or manufacturing facilities is not favorable, the FDA will deny approval of the PMA or issue a not approvable letter. A not approvable letter will outline the deficiencies in the application and, where practical, will identify what is necessary to make the PMA approvable. The FDA may also determine that additional clinical trials are necessary, in which case the PMA may be delayed for several months or years while the trials are conducted and then the data submitted in an amendment to the PMA. If the FDA concludes that the applicable criteria have been met, the FDA will issue a PMA for the approved indications, which can be more limited than those originally sought by the applicant. The PMA can include post-approval conditions that the FDA believes necessary to ensure the safety and effectiveness of the device, including, among other things, restrictions on labeling, promotion, sale and distribution. Once granted, approval may be withdrawn by the FDA if compliance with post approval requirements, conditions of approval or other regulatory standards are not maintained, or problems are identified following initial marketing. After a device is placed on the market, it remains subject to significant regulatory requirements. Medical devices may be marketed only for the uses and indications for which they are cleared or approved. Device manufacturers must also establish registration and device listings with the FDA. A medical device manufacturer’s manufacturing processes and those of its suppliers are required to comply with the applicable portions of the QSR, which cover the methods and documentation of the 30 Table of Contents design, testing, production, processes, controls, quality assurance, labeling, packaging and shipping of medical devices. Domestic facility records and manufacturing processes are subject to periodic unscheduled inspections by the FDA. The FDA also may inspect foreign facilities that export products to the U.S. Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements In the United States, our activities are potentially subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including but not limited to, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) (e.g., the Office of Inspector General, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ), and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the DOJ, and state and local governments). For example, our business practices, including any of our research and future sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs may be required to comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions of the Social Security Act, the false claims laws, the patient data privacy and security provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA), transparency requirements, and similar state, local and foreign laws, each as amended. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, any person or entity, from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any item, good, facility or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term remuneration has been interpreted broadly to include anything of value. The federal Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on one hand and prescribers, purchasers, formulary managers, and other individuals and entities on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution. The exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and require strict compliance in order to offer protection. Practices that involve remuneration that may be alleged to be intended to induce prescribing, purchasing or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Anti-Kickback Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its facts and circumstances. Our practices may not in all cases meet all of the criteria for protection under a statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor. Additionally, the intent standard under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute was amended by the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Affordable Care Act), to a stricter standard such that a person or entity no longer needs to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. Rather, if “one purpose” of the remuneration is to induce referrals, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute is violated. In addition, the Affordable Care Act codified case law that a claim that includes items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act (discussed below). The civil monetary penalties statute imposes penalties against any person or entity who, among other things, is determined to have presented or caused to be presented a claim to, among others, a federal healthcare program that the person knows or should know is for a medical or other item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent. The federal civil False Claims Act prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government or knowingly making, using, or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes “any request or demand” for money or property presented to the U.S. government. For example, pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been, and continue to be, investigated or prosecuted under these laws for allegedly providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product and for causing false claims to be submitted because of the companies’ marketing of the product for unapproved, and thus non-reimbursable, uses. HIPAA created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by trick, scheme or device, a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Also, many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. We may be subject to data privacy and security regulations by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act 31 Table of Contents (HITECH) and their implementing regulations, imposes requirements on certain types of individuals and entities relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Among other things, HITECH makes HIPAA’s privacy and security standards directly applicable to business associates that are independent contractors or agents of covered entities that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity as well as their covered subcontractors. HITECH also created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys’ fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. Additionally, the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act within the Affordable Care Act, and its implementing regulations, require that certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biological and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) annually report information to CMS related to certain payments or other transfers of value made or distributed to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physicians assistants and nurse practitioners) and teaching hospitals, or to entities or individuals at the request of, or designated on behalf of, physicians and teaching hospitals and certain ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. In order to distribute products commercially, we must comply with state laws that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale distributors of drug and biological products in a state, including, in certain states, manufacturers and distributors who ship products into the state even if such manufacturers or distributors have no place of business within the state. Some states also impose requirements on manufacturers and distributors to establish the pedigree of product in the chain of distribution, including some states that require manufacturers and others to adopt new technology capable of tracking and tracing product as it moves through the distribution chain. Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. All of our activities are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state healthcare laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including without limitation, civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, refusal to allow us to enter into government contracts, contractual damages, reputational harm, administrative burdens, diminished profits and future earnings, additional reporting requirements and/or oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or similar agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement Significant uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any product candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval. In the United States and markets in other countries, sales of any products for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale will depend, in part, on the extent to which third-party payors provide coverage, and establish adequate reimbursement levels for such products. In the United States, third-party payors include federal and state healthcare programs, private managed care providers, health insurers and other organizations. The process for determining whether a third-party payor will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the price of a product or for establishing the reimbursement rate that such a payor will pay for the product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or also known as a formulary, which might not include all of the FDA-approved products for a particular indication. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of medical products, therapies and services, in addition to questioning their safety and efficacy. We may need to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our products, in addition to the costs required to obtain the FDA approvals. Our product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost-effective. A payor’s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor’s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product. Adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. 32 Table of Contents Different pricing and reimbursement schemes exist in other countries. In the EU, governments influence the price of pharmaceutical products through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care systems that fund a large part of the cost of those products to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which products may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines, but monitor and control company profits. The downward pressure on health care costs has become very intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert a commercial pressure on pricing within a country. The marketability of any product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government and third-party payors fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, emphasis on managed care in the United States has increased and we expect will continue to increase the pressure on healthcare pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. For example, HHS imposes rebates on many Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D products to penalize price increases that outpace inflation on an annual basis. In addition, HHS has been empowered to negotiate the price of certain single-source biologics that have been on the market for at least eleven (11) years covered under Medicare as part of the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Each year up to twenty (20) products will be selected by HHS for the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Products subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program are expected to experience a significant reduction in reimbursement from the Medicare program on a per unit basis. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Healthcare Reform In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval of product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities, and affect the ability to profitably sell product candidates for which marketing approval is obtained. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. For example, the Affordable Care Act has substantially changed healthcare financing and delivery by both governmental and private insurers. There have been legal and political challenges and amendments to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. For example, on July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the OBBBA) was signed into law, which narrowed access to Affordable Care Act marketplace exchange enrollment and declined to extend the Affordable Care Act enhanced advanced premium tax credits that expired at the end of 2025, which, among other provisions in the law, are anticipated to reduce the number of Americans with health insurance.  The OBBBA also is expected to reduce Medicaid spending and enrollment by implementing work requirements for some beneficiaries, capping state-directed payments, reducing federal funding, and limiting provider taxes used to fund the program. Congress is considering proposed legislation intended to further reduce healthcare costs with alternatives to replace the expired Affordable Care Act subsidies. It is possible that the Affordable Care Act will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how such challenges and any additional healthcare reform measures will impact the Affordable Care Act. Further legislation or regulation could be passed that could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. For example, in August 2011, the Budget Control Act of 2011 was signed into law, which, among other things,  included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2% per fiscal year, which began in 2013 and will stay in effect until 2032 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Additionally, on March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 was signed into law, which eliminated the statutory Medicaid drug rebate cap, previously set at 100% of a drug’s average manufacturer price, for single source and innovator multiple source drugs, effective January 1, 2024. The current administration is pursuing policies to reduce regulations and expenditures across government including at HHS, the FDA, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”) and related agencies. These actions, presently directed by executive orders or memoranda from the Office of Management and Budget, may propose policy changes that create additional uncertainty for our business. For example, the current administration has announced agreements with pharmaceutical companies that require the drug manufacturers to offer, through a direct-to-consumer platform (TrumpRx), U.S. patients and Medicaid programs prescription drug Most-Favored Nation pricing equal to or lower than those paid in other developed nations, with additional mandates for direct-to-patient discounts and repatriation of foreign revenues. Other recent actions may, for example, include (1) directing agencies to reduce agency workforce; (2) directing HHS and other agencies to lower prescription 33 Table of Contents drug costs through a variety of initiatives; (3) imposing tariffs on imported pharmaceutical products; and (4) as part of the Make America Healthy Again Commission’s Strategy Report released in September 2025, working across government agencies to increase enforcement on direct-to-consumer pharmaceutical advertising. Additionally, the current administration recently called on Congress to enact “The Great Healthcare Plan,” to codify and expand Most-Favored Nation pricing, lower government subsidies to private insurance companies, increase healthcare price transparency, expand pharmaceutical drugs available for over-the-counter purchase, and enact restrictions on pharmacy benefit manager payment methodologies, among other things.  In June 2024, in Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, the U.S. Supreme Court greatly reduced judicial deference to regulatory agencies, which could increase successful legal challenges to federal regulations affecting our operations.  Congress may introduce and ultimately pass health care related legislation that could impact the drug approval process and make changes to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Individual states in the United States have also become increasingly active in passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. We anticipate that these and other healthcare reform efforts will continue to result in additional downward pressure on coverage and the price that we receive for any approved product, and could seriously harm our business. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. Such reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenue from product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we may obtain regulatory approval and may affect our overall financial condition and ability to develop product candidates. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act The FCPA prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, or authorizing payment or offering of anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of the foreign entity in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the United States to comply with accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the corporation, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. Additional Regulation In addition to the foregoing, state and federal laws regarding environmental protection and hazardous substances, including the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and the Toxic Substances Control Act, affect our business. These and other laws govern our use, handling and disposal of various biological, chemical and radioactive substances used in, and wastes generated by, our operations. If our operations result in contamination of the environment or expose individuals to hazardous substances, we could be liable for damages and governmental fines. We believe that we are in material compliance with applicable environmental laws and that continued compliance therewith will not have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot predict, however, how changes in these laws may affect our future operations. Europe / Rest of World Government Regulation In addition to regulations in the United States, we will be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials and any commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we obtain FDA or ex-US approval of a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Certain countries outside of the United States have a similar process that requires the submission of a clinical trial application much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials. In the EU, for example, all cell therapy products are considered advanced therapeutic medicinal products (ATMPs) and a clinical trial application must be submitted centrally in accordance with EU clinical trial regulations (CTR) for review by a rapporteur appointed by a member state within the EU region. In addition, an independent ethics committee is needed in each country, much like the IRB, in the US. Once the clinical trial application is approved in accordance with a country’s requirements, clinical trial development may proceed. Because biologically sourced raw materials are subject to unique contamination risks, their use may be restricted in some countries. The EU Clinical Trials Regulation is now fully applicable, including for trials previously authorized under the prior Clinical Trials Directive framework. As of the end of the transition period in January 2025, clinical trial applications and oversight in the EU are conducted through the Clinical Trials Information System (CTIS). 34 Table of Contents The requirements and process governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. To obtain regulatory approval of an investigational drug or biological product under EU regulatory systems, we must submit a marketing authorization application (MAA). The application used to file the BLA in the United States is similar to that required in the EU, with the exception of, among other things, country-specific document requirements. For other countries outside of the EU, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country. In all cases, again, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If we or our potential collaborators fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Privacy Laws and Regulations In the ordinary course of our business, we and the third parties with whom we work process personal and sensitive data. Accordingly, we are, and may in the future become, subject to numerous data privacy and security obligations, including federal, state, local, and foreign laws, regulations, guidance, and industry standards related to data privacy, security, and protection. For example, in addition to EU regulations related to the approval and commercialization of our products, our activities in the EU subject us to the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR). The EU GDPR imposes stringent requirements for controllers and processors of personal data of persons in the EU, including, for example, more robust disclosures to individuals and a strengthened individual data rights regime, shortened timelines for data breach notifications, limitations on retention of information, increased requirements pertaining to special categories of data, such as health data, and additional obligations when we contract with third-party processors in connection with the processing of the personal data. The EU GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the European Union to the United States and other third countries. In addition, the EU GDPR provides that EU member states may make their own further laws and regulations limiting the processing of personal data, including genetic, biometric or health data. The EU GDPR applies extraterritorially, and we are subject to the EU GDPR because of our data processing activities that involve the personal data of individuals located in the European Union, such as in connection with our EU clinical trials. Failure to comply with the requirements of the EU GDPR and the applicable national data protection laws of the EU member states may result in fines of up to €20,000,000 or up to 4% of the total worldwide annual turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is higher, private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests, and other administrative penalties. The EU GDPR regulations may impose additional responsibility and liability in relation to the personal data that we process and we may be required to put in place additional mechanisms to ensure compliance with the new data protection rules. Additionally, numerous US states have passed comprehensive privacy laws. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) creates new individual privacy rights for consumers (as that word is broadly defined in the law) and places increased privacy and security obligations on entities handling personal data of consumers or households. The CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers, affords California residents certain rights related to their personal data, including the right to opt-out of certain sales of personal data. The CCPA provides for fines and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. As our business progresses, the CCPA may become applicable and impact (possibly significantly) our business activities and exemplifies the vulnerability of our business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and protected health information. Many other US states have passed similar comprehensive privacy laws, and more are likely to do so in the future. Refer to the section titled “

