TICKER: ALLY
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain. Such developments have negatively impacted our business and the automobile industry and could continue to do so. The long term impacts on the automobile industry remain uncertain and could negatively impact our business to the extent they increase the cost of automobile repairs, reduce the purchasing power or credit quality of our customers or impact the ability of third parties to provide services upon which Ally depends. In addition, in recent years the U.S. federal government and the U.S. Treasury Department have been required to take specific measures to prevent the U.S. government from breaching the federal debt ceiling. Continued uncertainty as to the 20 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K U.S. federal debt ceiling, or any federal government shutdown, downgrade in the U.S. sovereign credit rating or other adverse effects of a prolonged period of elevated budget deficits, including changes in fiscal and monetary policies, could have severe repercussions on us and our clients. Additionally, changes to tax policies, or changes to the interpretations of existing policies, could have a significant impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Tax and other fiscal policies, moreover, impact not only general economic and market conditions but also give rise to incentives or disincentives that affect how we and our customers prioritize objectives, deploy resources, and run households or operate businesses. For example, the September 30, 2025 expiration of federal electric-vehicle tax credits for both new and used vehicles, in addition to vehicle recalls and OEM marketing incentives, have negatively impacted both consumer demand for electric vehicles and the residual value of electric vehicles subject to an automotive operating lease. Both the timing and the nature of any changes in monetary or fiscal policies, as well as their consequences for the economy and the markets in which we operate, are beyond our control and difficult to predict but could adversely affect us. More broadly, the U.S. federal government, U.S. states and certain other countries and regions have adopted or are considering legislation, regulation or policies that reflect diverging and, in some cases, potentially conflicting policy goals. Compliance with such laws, regulations or policies, including any that may be adopted in the future, could, among other things, increase the costs of operating our businesses, reduce the demand for our products and services, impact our ability to meet or maintain current or future goals or targets or continue initiatives, and increase our legal, operational and other risks, any or all of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. Failure, or perceived failure, to comply with any legislation, regulation or policy, including as a result of making good faith interpretations that may differ from those taken by enforcement authorities in relevant jurisdictions, could potentially result in substantial fines, criminal sanctions, reputational harm or operational changes. Changes in administration priorities can also lead to shifts in supervisory or enforcement focus—for example, public debates around “debanking” and related account-closure practices—which may alter regulatory expectations and increase compliance and reputational risks. Moreover, our customers, shareholders, employees and other stakeholders have a full range of expectations, demands and perspective on environmental, social and other topics, which are continuing to evolve. We may not be able to meet the full range of expectations and demands of all of our stakeholders, which could harm our reputation, reduce customer demand for our products and services, and subject us to legal and operational risks. If our ability to receive distributions from subsidiaries is restricted, we may not be able to satisfy our obligations to counterparties or creditors, make dividend payments to shareholders, or repurchase our common stock. Ally is a legal entity separate and distinct from its bank and nonbank subsidiaries and, in significant part, depends on dividend payments and other distributions from those subsidiaries to fund its obligations to counterparties and creditors, its dividend payments to shareholders, and its repurchases of common stock. Regulatory or other legal restrictions, deterioration in a subsidiary’s performance, or investments in a subsidiary’s own growth may limit the ability of the subsidiary to transfer funds freely to Ally. In particular, many of Ally’s subsidiaries are subject to laws that authorize their supervisory agencies to block or reduce the flow of funds to Ally in certain situations. In addition, if any subsidiary were unable to remain viable as a going concern, Ally’s right to participate in a distribution of assets would be subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary’s creditors (including, in the case of Ally Bank, its depositors and the FDIC). Legislative or regulatory initiatives on cybersecurity and data privacy could adversely impact our business and financial results. Cybersecurity and data-privacy risks have received heightened legislative and regulatory attention and have been a specific focus area in supervisory reviews. In recent years, governments and regulators in multiple jurisdictions have adopted or proposed to adopt additional legal requirements focused on cybersecurity risk management, governance and disclosure, as well as data privacy and personal financial data rights. For example, U.S. banking agencies have adopted rules requiring us to notify the FRB within 36 hours of any significant computer security incident and have proposed enhanced cyber risk management standards applicable to us and our service providers that would address cyber risk governance and management, management of internal and external dependencies, and incident response, cyber resilience, and situational awareness. Several states and their governmental agencies, such as the NYDFS, also have adopted or proposed cybersecurity and data-privacy laws. Failure to comply with privacy laws or supervisory expectations could result in enforcement actions, civil litigation or reputational damages. Legislation and regulations on cybersecurity and data privacy, including as a result of remedial requirements in connection with supervisory actions, have in the past and in the future may continue to require that we enhance or modify our systems and infrastructure, invest in new systems and infrastructure, change our service providers, augment our scenario and vulnerability testing, or alter our business practices or our policies on security, data governance, and privacy. Compliance with these requirements increases the complexity and costs of our operations. In addition, in recent years there has been increasing supervisory expectations for financial institutions to introduce enhanced third-party risk management practices to mitigate cybersecurity and data privacy risks. If governmental or supervisory authorities were to conclude that we or our service providers had not adequately implemented appropriate operational infrastructure, policies, or practices with respect to cybersecurity and data privacy or had not otherwise met related supervisory expectations, we could be subject to enforcement and other supervisory actions, related litigation by private plaintiffs, reputational damage, or a loss of customer or investor confidence. Our business and financial results may be negatively affected by governmental actions related to climate and other sustainability-related matters. Governments and policymakers at the federal, state, local and international levels are increasingly focused on climate- and other sustainability-related issues, including the potential for climate-related risks to impact the safety and soundness of large financial institutions. 21 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K Furthermore, in recent years, there has been increasing divergence in how government and policy makers are approaching these issues. See the risk factor above, titled Our business and financial results could be adversely affected by the political environment and governmental fiscal and monetary policies . For example, in recent years, there have been efforts by international, federal, state and local governments and regulators to mandate certain climate-related disclosures. Several states, including California, have enacted or proposed legislation, regulations or policies that would require companies to publish detailed information on its climate-related performance and governance, or otherwise address climate and other sustainability related matters. At the same time, there have been efforts by other governments and policymakers to prohibit or limit the extent to which companies, including financial institutions, factor sustainability considerations into their business and operations. Several states have enacted or proposed statutes, regulations or policies to that effect. As a result of these and similar future developments at the federal, state, local and international levels, we may become subject to different and potentially conflicting requirements and expectations in the various jurisdictions in which we operate. Many of these requirements are subject to uncertainty, including as a result of the ongoing development of rules and regulatory guidance, as well as pending legal challenges as to the validity of certain requirements. Compliance with these different and evolving requirements has required, and may continue to require, us to adopt new reporting or other governance processes, which may be more complicated or costly due to diverging requirements, uncertainties or conflicts across jurisdictions. In addition, with respect to sustainability reporting requirements adopted in various jurisdictions, climate- and sustainability-related data may be based on new and changing reporting practices or based on data that is only available to third parties, which may impact the quality and consistency of the data. Failure to adequately respond to the changing regulatory environment or stakeholder expectations with respect to climate- or sustainability-related matters, including climate-related disclosure, could result in increased costs, subject us to additional legal or regulatory proceedings or otherwise adversely affect our operations, reputation and our financial results. Further, it is possible that government responses to actual or perceived changes in climate and related sustainability risks may occur more rapidly than we (or third-parties on whom we rely for certain climate- or other sustainability-related information or services) are able to adapt. Our ability to comply with these requirements and expectations, including responses to any inquiry or investigation from a regulatory agency, could have a material adverse effect on our operations, reputation and our financial results. How governments act to address climate and related sustainability risks, as well as associated changes in the behavior and preferences of businesses and consumers, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. For example, physical and transition risks associated with climate-related risks and extreme weather events could affect households, communities, businesses, and governments, which could impede business activity, affect household incomes, and alter the value of assets and liabilities. These risks are often difficult to quantify or predict, and may be propagated through the economy and financial system, the financial sector may experience credit and market risks associated with loss of income, defaults and changes in the values of assets, liquidity risks associated with changing demand for liquidity, operational risks associated with disruptions to infrastructure or other channels, or legal risks. As a result, we may change or cease some of our business or operational practices or incur additional capital, compliance, and other costs. Climate-related risks are rapidly changing and evolving in an escalating fashion, making them difficult to assess due to limited data. Risks Related to Our Business Weak or deteriorating economic conditions, failures in underwriting, changes in underwriting standards, failures in servicing loans and operating leases, financial or systemic shocks, or continued growth in our nonprime or used vehicle financing business could increase our credit risk, which could adversely affect our business and financial results. Our business is centered around lending and banking with an emphasis on our digital platform, and a significant percentage of our assets are composed of loans, operating leases, and securities. As a result, in the ordinary course of business, credit risk is one of our most significant risks. Our business and financial results depend significantly on household, business, economic, and market conditions. When those conditions are weak or deteriorating, we could simultaneously experience reduced demand for credit and increased delinquencies or defaults, including in the loans that we have securitized and in which we retain a residual interest. These kinds of conditions also could dampen the demand for products and services in our insurance, banking, brokerage, advisory, and other businesses. Increased delinquencies or defaults could also result from our failing to appropriately underwrite loans and operating leases that we originate or purchase or from our adopting—for strategic, competitive, or other reasons—more liberal underwriting standards. If delinquencies or defaults on our loans and operating leases increase, their value and the income derived from them could be adversely affected, and we could incur increased administrative and other costs in seeking a recovery on claims and any collateral. If unfavorable conditions are negatively affecting used vehicle or other collateral values at the same time, the amount and timing of recoveries could suffer as well. If the economic conditions impacting the credit quality of our customers were to worsen, we could be subject to significant losses in our credit portfolio. Weak or deteriorating economic conditions also may negatively impact the market value and liquidity of our investment securities, and we may be required to record additional impairment charges that adversely affect earnings if debt securities suffer a decline in value. There can be no assurance that our forecasts of economic conditions, our assessments and monitoring of credit risk, and our efforts to mitigate credit risk through risk-based pricing, appropriate underwriting and investment policies, loss-mitigation strategies, and diversification are, or will be, sufficient to prevent an adverse impact to our business and financial results. A financial or systemic shock and a failure of a significant counterparty or a significant group of counterparties could negatively impact us as well, possibly to a severe degree, due to our role as a financial intermediary and the interconnectedness of the financial system. 22 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K We continue to have exposure to nonprime consumer automotive financing and used vehicle financing. We define nonprime consumer automotive loans primarily as those loans with a FICO® Score (or an equivalent score) at origination of less than 620. Customers that finance used vehicles tend to have lower FICO® Scores as compared to new vehicle customers, and defaults resulting from vehicle breakdowns are more likely to occur with used vehicles as compared to new vehicles that are financed. The carrying value of our nonprime consumer automotive loans before allowance for loan losses was $8.6 billion, or approximately 10.1% of our total consumer automotive loans at December 31, 2025, as compared to $8.2 billion, or approximately 9.7% of our total consumer automotive loans at December 31, 2024. At December 31, 2025, and 2024, $262 million and $286 million, respectively, of nonprime consumer automotive loans were considered nonperforming as they had been placed on nonaccrual status in accordance with our accounting policies. Refer to the Nonaccrual Loans section of Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Additionally, the carrying value of our consumer automotive used vehicle loans before allowance for loan losses was $58.6 billion, or approximately 68.5% of our total consumer automotive loans at December 31, 2025, as compared to $57.4 billion, or approximately 68.5% of our total consumer automotive loans at December 31, 2024. If our exposure to nonprime consumer automotive loans or used vehicle financing continue to increase over time, our credit risk will increase to a possibly significant degree. As part of the underwriting process, we rely heavily upon information supplied by applicants and other third-parties, such as credit reporting agencies, automotive dealers and retailers (in the case of automotive consumer and commercial loans), and service providers. If any of this information is intentionally or negligently misrepresented and the misrepresentation is not detected before completing the transaction, we may experience increased credit risk. Our ability to manage credit risk depends in part on the effectiveness of our loan and operating lease servicing activities, including payment processing, billing and collections, customer communications, collateral management, and loss mitigation. Failures, deficiencies, or delays in these servicing functions—whether due to process breakdowns, system limitations, human or AI-related errors, third-party service providers, or increases in servicing volumes—could impair our ability to identify, monitor, and remediate emerging credit issues in a timely manner. Inadequate servicing performance may also result in delayed collections, increased delinquencies, higher charge-offs, or diminished recoveries. Servicing failures may also negatively affect customer behavior, particularly during periods of economic stress. Any such developments could result in higher credit losses which could adversely affect our business and financial results. Our allowance for loan losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses, and we may be required to significantly increase our allowance, which may adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Under CECL, we measure credit losses for financial assets measured at amortized cost basis, which includes the vast majority of our finance receivables and loan portfolio. The allowance is established to reserve for management’s best estimate of expected lifetime losses inherent in our finance receivables and loan portfolio. Regulatory agencies periodically review our allowance for loan losses, as well as our methodology and models used for calculating our allowance for loan losses, and from time to time may insist on an increase in the allowance for loan losses or the recognition of additional loan charge-offs based on judgments different than those of management. If these differences in judgment are considerable, our allowance could meaningfully increase and result in a sizable decrease in our net income and capital. The determination of the appropriate level of the allowance for loan losses inherently involves a high degree of subjectivity and requires us to make significant estimates of current and future credit risks using existing quantitative and qualitative information, all of which may change substantially over time. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, revisions to accounting rules and related guidance, new qualitative or quantitative information about existing loans, identification of additional problem loans, changes in the size or composition of our finance receivables and loan portfolio, changes to or errors in our models, data, or loss estimation techniques including consideration of forecasted economic assumptions, the impact of natural disasters and other catastrophic events that may be difficult to predict and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may require an increase in the allowance for loan losses. For example, due to the nature of our business, our financial position and results of operations are specifically susceptible to risks associated with increases in factors such as interest rates, unemployment, or inflation, or decreases in GDP, real personal income, used vehicle values, or home values, beyond what is reflected in our models, all of which could result in an increased inability for consumers to pay their loans, and may result in an increase in the allowance for loan losses. Any increase in the allowance in future periods may adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Refer to the risk factor below, titled Our business and operations make extensive use of models and certain other qualified tools, and we could be adversely affected if our design, implementation, or use of models and certain other qualified tools are flawed , for more information on how risks associated with our use of models could affect our allowance for loan losses. We have dealer-centric automotive finance and insurance businesses, and a change in the key role of dealers within the automotive industry or our ability to maintain or build relationships with them could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, or prospects. Our Dealer Financial Services business, which includes our Automotive Finance and Insurance segments, depends on the continuation of the key role of dealers within the automotive industry, the maintenance of our existing relationships with dealers, and our creation of new relationships with dealers. Refer to the section titled Our Business in the MD&A that follows. A number of trends are affecting the automotive industry and the role of dealers within it. These include challenges to the dealer’s role as intermediary between manufacturers and purchasers, shifting financial and other pressures exerted by manufacturers on dealers, the rise of vehicle sharing and ride hailing, the development of autonomous and alternative-energy vehicles, the impact of demographic shifts on 23 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K attitudes and behaviors toward vehicle ownership and use, changing consumer and regulatory expectations around the vehicle buying experience, adjustments in the geographic distribution of new and used vehicle sales, and advancements in communications technology. While it is not currently clear how and how quickly these trends may develop, any one or more of them could adversely affect the key role of dealers and their business models, profitability, and viability, and if this were to occur, our dealer-centric automotive finance and insurance businesses could suffer as well. Our share of commercial wholesale financing remains at risk of decreasing in the future as a result of intense competition and other factors. The number of dealers with whom we have wholesale relationships decreased approximately 3% as of December 31, 2025, compared to December 31, 2024. If we are not able to maintain existing relationships with significant automotive dealers or if we are not able to develop new relationships for any reason—including if we are not able to provide services on a timely basis, offer products and services that meet the needs of the dealers, compete successfully with the products and services of our competitors, or effectively counter the influence that captive automotive finance companies have in the marketplace or the exclusivity privileges that some competitors have with automotive manufacturers—our wholesale funding volumes, and the number of dealers with whom we have retail funding relationships, could decline in the future. If this were to occur, our business, results of operations, financial condition, or prospects could be adversely affected. In addition, the recent resurgence of ILCs could heighten competitive pressures, as ILCs—affiliated with fintech, technology-enabled companies, or OEMs—can offer bank-like products without being subject to the full scope of regulation and supervision applicable to bank holding companies, which could enable ILCs and similar institutions to compete more aggressively against us. GM and Stellantis dealers and their retail customers continue to constitute a significant portion of our customer base, which creates concentration risk for us. While we continue to diversify our automotive finance and insurance businesses and to expand into other financial services, GM and Stellantis dealers and their retail customers still constitute a significant portion of our customer base. In 2025, 34% of our new vehicle dealer inventory financing and 24% of our consumer automotive financing volume were transacted for GM dealers and customers, and 36% of our new vehicle dealer inventory financing and 13% of our consumer automotive financing volume were transacted for Stellantis dealers and customers. In 2024, 30% of our new vehicle dealer inventory financing and 22% of our consumer automotive financing volume were transacted for GM dealers and customers, and 46% of our new vehicle dealer inventory financing and 16% of our consumer automotive financing volume were transacted for Stellantis dealers and customers. A significant adverse change in GM’s or Stellantis’ business—including, for example, in the production or sale of GM or Stellantis vehicles, the quality or resale value of GM or Stellantis vehicles, GM’s or Stellantis’ relationships with its key suppliers, or the rate or volume of recalls of GM or Stellantis vehicles—could negatively impact our GM and Stellantis dealer and retail customer bases and the value of collateral securing our extensions of credit to them. Any future reductions in GM and Stellantis business that we are not able to offset would adversely affect our business and financial results. Refer to Note 29 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Our business and financial results are dependent upon overall U.S. automotive industry sales volume. Our automotive finance and insurance businesses are impacted by the sales volume for new and used vehicles. Vehicle sales are impacted, in turn, by several economic and market conditions, including employment levels, household income and savings, vehicle affordability, interest rates, credit availability, inventory levels, customer preferences, and fuel costs. Any future declines in new or used vehicle sales, including as a result of market conditions and other external factors over which we do not control, could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. Vehicle loans and operating leases make up a significant part of our earning assets, and our business and financial results could suffer if used vehicle prices are low or volatile or decrease in the future beyond our expectation. During the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 60% of our average earning assets were composed of vehicle loans or operating leases and related residual securitization interests. If we experience higher losses on the sale of repossessed vehicles or lower or more volatile residual values for off-lease vehicles, our business or financial results could be adversely affected. General economic conditions, the supply of off-lease and other vehicles to be sold, the levels of demand for vehicle ownership and use, relative market prices for new and used vehicles, perceived vehicle quality, how OEM’s prioritize gasoline and electric vehicles, overall vehicle prices, the vehicle disposition channel, volatility in gasoline or diesel fuel prices, levels of household income and savings, interest rates, and other factors outside of our control heavily influence used vehicle prices. Consumer confidence levels and the strength of automotive manufacturers, dealers, and retailers can also influence the used vehicle market. Our expectation of the residual value of a vehicle subject to an automotive operating lease contract is a critical element used to determine the amount of the operating lease payments under the contract at the time the customer enters into it. As a result, to the extent that the actual residual value of the vehicle—as reflected in the sale proceeds received upon remarketing at lease termination—is less than the expected residual value for the vehicle at lease inception, we will incur additional depreciation expense and lower profit on the operating lease transaction than our priced expectations. For example, residual values for certain plug-in hybrid vehicles have experienced pressure recently driven primarily by the elimination of federal electric-vehicle tax credits for both new and used vehicles, vehicle recalls, and OEM marketing incentives. In addition, during the first quarter of 2026, Stellantis announced the discontinuation of certain plug-in hybrid electric vehicle models, which could exert further downward pressure on used vehicle values for these models. Such decreases in used vehicle values could adversely affect our remarketing performance and realized residual values for certain vehicles currently in our operating lease portfolio, could result in an impairment to our operating lease assets, or could result in a prospective increase in depreciation expense. 24 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K In addition, we obtain residual value guarantees in connection with the origination of new operating lease contracts. In these instances, our expectation of the residual value of the vehicle is dependent on our assessment of the value of the underlying OEM guarantee and the creditworthiness of the OEM providing the guarantee. To the extent that an OEM defaults on its obligations under any residual value guarantee, it could have an adverse impact on our financial position and results of operations. Our expectation of used vehicle values is also a factor in determining our pricing of new loan and operating lease originations. In stressed economic environments, residual-value risk may be even more volatile than credit risk. To the extent that used vehicle prices are significantly lower than our expectations, our profit on vehicle loans and operating leases could be substantially less than our expectations, even more so if our estimate of loss frequency is underestimated as well. In addition, we could be adversely affected if we fail to efficiently process and effectively market off-lease vehicles and repossessed vehicles and, as a consequence, incur higher-than-expected disposal costs or lower-than-expected proceeds from the vehicle sales. The levels of or changes in interest rates could affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are highly dependent on net interest income, which is the difference between interest income on earning assets (such as loans and investments) and interest expense on deposits and borrowings. Net interest income is significantly affected by market rates of interest, which in turn are influenced by monetary and fiscal policies, general economic and market conditions (including high or increasing levels of inflation), the political and regulatory environments, business and consumer sentiment, competitive pressures, and expectations about the future (including future changes in interest rates). We may be adversely affected by policies, laws, and events that have the effect of flattening or inverting the yield curve (that is, the difference between long-term and short-term interest rates), depressing the interest rates associated with our earning assets to levels near the rates associated with our interest expense, increasing the volatility of market rates of interest (including the rate of change), or changing the spreads among different interest rate indices. As of December 31, 2025, our balance sheet is modestly asset sensitive in the near term due to our floating-rate assets and pay-fixed hedge position. However, our balance sheet remains liability sensitive over the medium term, driven by the assumed repricing of our deposits and market-based funding outpacing the assumed repricing of our floating-rate assets and pay-fixed swaps. The levels of or changes in interest rates could adversely affect us beyond our net interest income, including by increasing the cost or decreasing the availability of deposits or other variable-rate funding instruments, reducing the return on or demand for loans or increasing the prepayment speed of loans, increasing customer or counterparty delinquencies or defaults, negatively impacting our ability to remarket off-lease and repossessed vehicles, and reducing the value of our loans, retained interests in securitizations, and fixed-income securities in our investment portfolio and the efficacy of our hedging strategies. In addition, high interest rates have resulted in, and could in the future further result in, unrealized losses in our investment securities portfolio, which are recognized in accumulated other comprehensive loss within the Consolidated Balance Sheet. We recognize the accumulated change in estimated fair value of these fixed-income securities in net income when we realize a gain or loss upon the sale of the security. The level of and changes in market rates of interest—and, as a result, these risks and uncertainties—are beyond our control. The dynamics among these risks and uncertainties are also challenging to assess and manage. For example, while an accommodative monetary policy may benefit us to some degree by spurring economic activity among our customers, such a policy may ultimately cause us more harm by inhibiting our ability to grow or sustain net interest income. A rising interest rate environment can pose different challenges, such as potentially slowing the demand for credit, increasing delinquencies and defaults, and reducing the values of our loans and fixed-income securities. Market volatility in interest rates, including the rate of change, can create particularly difficult conditions. During 2021 and through 2023, following a meaningful rise in inflation, the FRB sharply increased the federal funds rate. The federal funds target range reached 5.25–5.50% in 2023. However, the Federal Reserve gradually lowered the federal funds target range during 2024 and 2025, to 3.50–3.75% as of December 31, 2025, in response to easing inflation trends and labor market pressures. The timing, pace and direction of additional interest rate changes remains uncertain, and will largely depend on trends in inflation, employment and other macroeconomic factors that are outside of our control, and could have a significant impact on our net interest income, allowances for loan losses, the value of securities portfolio and our results of operation and financial position. Refer to the section titled Market Risk in the MD&A that follows and Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We rely extensively on third-party service providers in delivering products and services to our customers and otherwise conducting our business and operations, and their failure to perform to our standards or other issues of concern with them could adversely affect our reputation, business, and financial results. We rely on third-party service providers to support our business and operations, including online and mobile banking, brokerage, customer service, financial reporting, and operating systems and infrastructure. We rely on our third-party service providers to provide critical products and services to facilitate our business activities, including by providing data and information, technology, security and other infrastructure services. While we have implemented a supplier-risk-management program and can exert varying degrees of influence over our service providers, we do not control them, their actions, or their businesses. Despite our supplier-risk-management program, there can be no assurance that our third-party service providers will notify us of any potential risks or incidents in a timely manner or that our risk-management procedures will be effective in mitigating the impact of actions by third-party service providers on our business. Service providers have not always met our requirements and expectations, and no assurance can be provided that in the future they will perform to our standards, adequately represent our brand, comply with applicable law, appropriately manage their own risks (including cybersecurity), remain financially or operationally viable, abide by their contractual obligations, or continue to provide us with the services that we require. In such a circumstance, our ability to deliver products and services to customers, to satisfy customer expectations, and to otherwise 25 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K successfully conduct our business and operations have been and, in the future, could be adversely affected. These risks are amplified to the extent that we or our third-party service providers make use of cloud computing, AI or other emerging technologies that may make our systems and those of our third-party service providers more susceptible to cyberattacks and other information technology risks, which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business and operations to the extent that they are not able to mitigate their cybersecurity or other information technology risks. In addition, we may need to incur substantial expenses to address issues of concern with a service provider, and if the issues cannot be acceptably resolved, we may not be able to timely or effectively replace the service provider due to contractual restrictions, the unavailability of acceptable alternative providers, or other reasons. Further, regardless of how much we can influence our service providers, issues of concern with them could result in supervisory actions and private litigation against us and could harm our reputation, business, and financial results. In these instances, we may be unable to enforce any indemnification or other rights we may have against such service providers. We are or may be subject to potential liability in connection with pending or threatened legal proceedings and other matters, which could adversely affect our business or financial results. As a financial-services company, we are regularly involved in pending or threatened legal proceedings and other matters and are or may be subject to potential liability in connection with them. These legal matters may be formal or informal and include litigation and arbitration with one or more identified claimants, certified or purported class actions with yet-to-be-identified claimants, and regulatory or other governmental information-gathering requests, examinations, investigations, and enforcement proceedings. Our legal matters exist in varying stages of adjudication, arbitration, negotiation, or investigation and span our business lines and operations. Claims may be based in law or equity—such as those arising under contracts or in tort and those involving banking, consumer-protection, securities, tax, employment, and other laws—and some can present novel legal theories and allege substantial or indeterminate damages. In addition, our tax positions have been and could continue to be challenged by taxing authorities, and any adverse results could materially impact our business, results of operations, and financial condition. The course and outcome of legal matters are inherently unpredictable. This is especially so when a matter is still in its early stages, the damages sought are indeterminate or unsupported, significant facts are unclear or disputed, novel questions of law or other meaningful legal uncertainties exist, a request to certify a proceeding as a class action is outstanding or granted, multiple parties are named, or regulatory or other governmental entities are involved. Other contingent exposures and their ultimate resolution are similarly unpredictable for reasons that can vary based on the circumstances. As a result, we often are unable to determine how or when threatened or pending legal matters and other contingent exposures will be resolved and what losses may be incrementally and ultimately incurred. Actual losses may be higher or lower than any amounts accrued or estimated for those matters and other exposures, possibly to a significant degree. Refer to Note 29 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition, while we maintain insurance policies to mitigate the cost of litigation and other proceedings, these policies have deductibles, limits, and exclusions that may diminish their value or efficacy. Substantial legal claims, even if not meritorious, could have a detrimental impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition and could cause us reputational harm. Our inability to attract, retain, or motivate qualified employees could adversely affect our business or financial results . Skilled employees are our most important resource, and competition for talented people is intense. Even though compensation and benefits expense are among our highest costs, we may not be able to locate and hire the best people, keep them with us, or properly motivate them to perform at a high level. This risk may be exacerbated due to some of our competitors having significantly greater scale, financial and operational resources, and brand recognition. While we strive to mitigate human-capital risks, our senior executives and other key leaders possess deep, broad industry experience that would be difficult to replace without some disruption, making effective leadership continuity through succession planning critical. Delays in identifying, developing, or integrating successors for key roles could result in operational disruption and execution risk. We may also experience competition in retaining employees based on remote or other flexible work arrangements, and our ability to attract or retain qualified employees may be adversely affected if our work arrangements are perceived as less favorable than those of our competitors. Continued scrutiny of compensation practices, especially in the financial services industry, has made this competition for talent only more difficult. In addition, many parts of our business are particularly dependent on key personnel, and retaining talented people in certain areas, has been challenging. Further, growth in our businesses, through acquisitions or otherwise, will further increase our need for skilled employees. If we were to lose and find ourselves unable to replace these personnel or other skilled employees or if the competition for talent were to drive our compensation costs to unsustainable levels, our management of operational and other risks could suffer, and our business and financial results could be negatively impacted. Our ability to successfully make acquisitions or complete divestitures is subject to significant risks, including the risk that governmental authorities will not provide the requisite approvals, the risk that integrating acquisitions may be more difficult, costly, or time consuming than expected, and the risk that the value of acquisitions may be less than anticipated . We may from time to time seek to acquire other financial-services companies or businesses or divest an existing business. These acquisitions or divestitures may be subject to regulatory approval, and no assurance can be provided that we will be able to obtain that approval in a timely manner or at all or that approval may not be subject to burdensome conditions. The extent of this risk is subject to change over time based on a number of factors, many of which are out of our control and may not be known at the time of entering into a definitive agreement in connection with any transaction, including adverse developments in the regulatory standing of us or our counterparty in any transaction, changes in macroeconomic conditions or other factors considered by regulators when granting such approval, governmental, political or community group inquiries, investigations or oppositions, or changes in the legislative, regulatory or political environment more 26 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K generally. Even when we are able to obtain regulatory approval, the failure of other closing conditions to be satisfied or waived could delay the completion of an acquisition or divestiture for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring altogether. Any failure or delay in closing an acquisition or divestiture could adversely affect our reputation, business, and performance. In addition, divestitures can negatively impact our financial results and we may not be able to complete a divestiture on terms favorable to us. Acquisitions involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including inaccurate financial and operational assumptions, incomplete or failed due diligence, lower-than-expected performance, higher-than-expected costs, difficulties related to integration, diversion of management’s attention from other business activities, adverse market or other reactions, changes in relationships with customers or counterparties, the potential loss of key personnel, and the possibility of litigation and other disputes. An acquisition also could be dilutive to our existing shareholders if we were to issue common stock to fully or partially pay or fund the purchase price. We, moreover, may not be successful in identifying appropriate acquisition candidates, integrating acquired companies or businesses, or realizing expected value from acquisitions. There is significant competition for valuable acquisition targets, and we may not be able to acquire other companies or businesses on attractive terms. No assurance can be given that we will pursue future acquisitions, and our ability to grow and successfully compete may be impaired if we choose not to pursue or are unable to successfully make acquisitions. Our business requires substantial capital and liquidity, and a disruption in our funding sources or access to the capital markets may have an adverse effect on our liquidity, capital positions, and financial condition. Liquidity is the ability to fund increases in assets and meet obligations as they come due, all without incurring unacceptable losses. Banks are especially vulnerable to liquidity risk because of their role in the maturity transformation of demand or short-term deposits into longer-term loans or other extensions of credit. We, like other financial services companies, rely to a significant extent on external sources of funding (such as deposits and borrowings) for the liquidity needed to conduct our business and operations. A number of factors beyond our control, however, could have a detrimental impact on the availability or cost of that funding and thus on our liquidity. These include market disruptions, changes in our credit ratings or the sentiment of our investors, the state of the regulatory environment and monetary and fiscal policies, competitive dynamics, reputational damage, the confidence of depositors in us or the financial-services industry generally, financial or systemic shocks, and significant counterparty failures. For example, in August 2023, the U.S. banking agencies issued a proposed rule that would require Category II, III, and IV firms, their large consolidated IDIs, and other institutions to issue and maintain minimum amounts of long-term debt that is most readily able to absorb losses in a resolution proceeding. Due to the current structure and amount of debt instruments issued by Ally and Ally Bank, this proposal would significantly affect us. Refer to Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. Weak business or operational performance, unexpected declines or limits on dividends or other distributions from our subsidiaries, and other failures to execute our strategic plan also could adversely affect Ally’s liquidity position. We have significant maturities of unsecured and secured debt each year. Additional funding, whether through deposits or borrowings, will be required to fund a substantial portion of the debt maturities in the upcoming years, and we may not be able to obtain such additional funding at interest rates or on other terms as favorable as the interest rates and other terms on the maturing debt. Ally and Ally Bank continue to access the securitization markets. However, there can be no assurances that these sources of liquidity will remain available to us particularly during periods of financial instability. Our policies and controls are designed to enable us to maintain adequate liquidity to conduct our business in the ordinary course even in a stressed environment. There is no guarantee, however, that our liquidity position will never become compromised or that our policies and controls will be effective in managing our liquidity risk. In such an event, we may be required to sell assets at a loss or reduce loan and operating lease originations in order to continue operations. This could damage the performance and value of our business, prompt regulatory intervention and private litigation, harm our reputation, and cause a loss of customer and investor confidence, and if the condition were to persist for any appreciable period of time, our viability as a going concern could be threatened. Refer to the section titled Liquidity Management, Funding, and Regulatory Capital in the MD&A that follows and Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our indebtedness and other obligations are significant and could adversely affect our business and financial results. We have a significant amount of indebtedness apart from deposit liabilities. At December 31, 2025, we had approximately $17.7 billion in principal amount of indebtedness outstanding (including $7.1 billion in secured indebtedness). Interest expense on our indebtedness was equal to approximately 8% of our total financing revenue and other interest income for the year ended December 31, 2025. We also have the ability to create additional indebtedness. If our debt service obligations increase, whether due to the increased cost of existing indebtedness or the incurrence of additional indebtedness, more of our cash flow from operations would need to be allocated to the payment of principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness, which would reduce the funds available for other purposes. Our indebtedness also could limit our ability to execute our strategic plan and withstand competitive pressures and could reduce our flexibility in responding to changing business and economic conditions. In addition, if we are unable to satisfy our indebtedness and other obligations in full and on time, our business, reputation, and value as a going concern could be profoundly and perhaps inexorably damaged. 27 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K Our non-deposit borrowing costs and access to the banking and capital markets could be negatively impacted if our credit ratings are downgraded or otherwise fail to meet investor expectations. The cost and availability of our funding are meaningfully affected by our short- and long-term credit ratings. Each of S&P’s Rating Services, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc., Fitch, Inc., and DBRS rates some or all of our debt, and these ratings reflect the rating agency’s opinion of our financial strength, operating performance, strategic position, and ability to meet our obligations. Agency ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold any security and may be revised or withdrawn at any time. Each agency’s rating should be evaluated independently of any other agency’s rating. Any downgrades to our credit ratings or their failure to meet investor expectations may result in higher non-deposit borrowing costs, reduced access to the banking and capital markets, more restrictive terms and conditions being added to any new or replacement financing arrangements. The markets for automotive financing, insurance, banking, brokerage, and investment advisory services are extremely competitive, and competitive pressures could adversely affect our business and financial results. The markets for automotive financing, insurance, banking, brokerage, and investment advisory services are highly competitive, and we expect competitive pressures only to remain intense in the future, especially in light of the regulatory and supervisory environments in which we operate, innovations that alter the barriers to entry, current and evolving economic and market conditions, changing customer preferences and consumer and business sentiment, and monetary and fiscal policies. In addition, the emergence, adoption, and evolution of new technologies that affect intermediation, including distributed ledgers such as digital assets and blockchain, as well as advances in robotic process automation or AI could significantly affect the competition for financial services. Refer to the section above titled Industry and Competition in Part I, Item 1 of this report. The recent resurgence of ILCs could further heighten competitive pressures, as ILCs—often affiliated with fintech and technology-enabled companies—can offer bank-like products without being subject to the full scope of regulation and supervision applicable to bank holding companies. This could enable ILCs and similar institutions to compete more aggressively against us. Competitive pressures may drive us to take actions that we might otherwise eschew, such as lowering the interest rates or fees on loans, raising the interest rates on deposits, or adopting more liberal underwriting standards. These pressures also may accelerate actions that we might otherwise elect to defer, such as substantial investment in systems or infrastructure. Whatever the reason, actions that we take in response to competition may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. These consequences could be exacerbated if we are not successful in introducing new products and services, achieving market acceptance of our products and services, developing and maintaining a strong customer base, continuing to enhance our reputation, or prudently managing risks and expenses. Challenging business, economic, or market conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our businesses are driven by robust economic and market activity, monetary and fiscal stability, and positive investor, business, and consumer sentiment. A downturn in economic conditions, disruptions in the equity or debt markets, high unemployment or underemployment, depressed vehicle or housing prices, unsustainable debt levels, high inflation, high interest rates, unfavorable changes in interest rates, the introduction of trade tariffs or other policies that negatively impact the automotive industry, declines in household incomes or savings, deteriorating consumer or business sentiment, consumer or commercial bankruptcy filings, or declines in the strength of national or local economies could decrease demand for our products and services, increase the amount and rate of delinquencies and losses, raise our operating and other expenses, and negatively impact the returns on and the value of our loans, investment portfolio, and other assets. Further, if a significant and sustained increase in fuel prices or other adverse conditions were to lead to diminished new and used vehicle purchases or prices, our automotive finance and insurance businesses could suffer considerably. In addition, concerns about the pace of economic growth and uncertainty about fiscal and monetary policies can result in significant volatility in the financial markets and could impact our ability to obtain cost-effective funding. If any of these events were to occur or worsen, our business, results of operation, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Geopolitical conditions, government shutdowns, military conflicts, acts or threats of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics, disruptions in the economy caused by geopolitical events and related sanctions, and other conditions or events beyond our control could adversely affect us. Geopolitical conditions, government shutdowns, military conflicts (including Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the conflicts in the Middle East), acts or threats of terrorism, natural disasters, pandemics, disruptions in the U.S. or global economy caused by geopolitical events and related sanctions, and other conditions or events beyond our control may adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, or prospects. For example, military conflicts, acts or threats of terrorism, and political, financial, or military actions taken in response could adversely affect general economic, business, or market conditions and, in turn, us, especially as an intermediary within the financial system. In addition, nation states engaged in warfare or other hostile actions may directly or indirectly use cyberattacks against financial systems and financial-services companies like us to exert pressure on one another or other countries with influence or interests at stake. We also could be negatively impacted if our key personnel, a significant number of our employees, or our systems or infrastructure were to become unavailable or damaged due to a pandemic, natural disaster, war, act of terrorism, accident, or similar cause. Furthermore, a shutdown of the United States government could adversely affect the economy and increase the risk of economic instability and market volatility, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. These same risks and uncertainties arise too for the service providers and counterparties on whom we depend as well as their own third-party service providers and counterparties. 28 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K In the past, significant unforeseen events have had a significant impact on our provision for credit losses and results of operations. In the case of Russia’s invasion of Ukraine and the current conflicts in the Middle East, security risks as well as increases in fuel and other commodity costs, supply-chain disruptions, and associated inflationary pressures have impacted our business the most. Additionally, the U.S. government and governments in other jurisdictions have in the past responded, and may in the future respond, to geopolitical developments by imposing economic sanctions and export controls. We incur costs and are exposed to operational risk in connection with compliance with economic sanctions and restrictions imposed by governments. These conditions and events and others like them are highly complex and inherently uncertain, and their effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects in the future cannot be reliably predicted. Due to the nature of our business, we are particularly susceptible to natural disasters or other isolated events that may have an increased impact on our customers or the collateral securing our loans. In the past, we have been able to mitigate potential losses through the use of insurance or reinsurance. However, there can be no assurance that future losses will be covered under our insurance or reinsurance policies or that insurance or reinsurance will remain available to us on commercially reasonable terms. Our hedging strategies may not be successful in mitigating our interest rate, foreign exchange, and market risks, which could adversely affect our financial results. We employ various hedging strategies to mitigate the interest rate, foreign exchange, and market risks inherent in many of our assets and liabilities. Our hedging strategies rely considerably on assumptions and projections regarding our assets and liabilities as well as general market factors. If any of these assumptions or projections prove to be incorrect or our hedges do not adequately mitigate the impact of changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and other market factors, we may experience volatility in our earnings that could adversely affect our profitability and financial condition. In addition, we may not be able to find market participants that are willing to act as our hedging counterparties on acceptable terms or at all, which could have an adverse effect on the success of our hedging strategies. Our hedging strategies are not designed to eliminate all interest rate, foreign exchange, and market risks, and we were adversely impacted by the sharp increase in interest rates during 2022 and 2023. Refer to the

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, attacks on the personal email of employees, and ransom demands accompanied by extortion or other threats to expose security vulnerabilities. Cyberattacks and fraud targeting banking customers have increased in frequency and sophistication across the financial services industry. Customers who are victims of such schemes may incur financial losses or experience service disruptions and may attribute those losses or negative experiences to us, even where we are not at fault. These incidents could result in increased fraud-related losses, customer remediation and operational costs, regulatory scrutiny, and reputational harm. In addition, we are subject to additional risks as a result of the mishandling or misuse of personal information by our employees or third-party service providers. Data breaches at our third-party service providers have in the past and may in the future continue to expose confidential information about our company and customers to bad actors. We have been subject to litigation in the past in connection with data breaches and in the future could be subject to significant legal costs and damages, regulatory fines or penalties, reputational damage or other adverse effects as a result of data breaches. These risks, including the scope and consequences of any breach, may be amplified due to our and our third-party service providers use of AI, cloud-based services and other emerging technologies in connection with our governance, management, and use of data. Risks relating to cyberattacks on our service providers and other third-parties, including supply-chain attacks affecting our software and information-technology providers, have been rising as such attacks become increasingly frequent and severe. The development of new technologies, systems or processes, as well as the utilization of decentralized technology infrastructures (such as our increased utilization of cloud computing), software-defined networks and AI, could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and could increase the spread and severity of any cyberattacks. Further, the use of AI by cybercriminals has and may continue to increase the frequency and severity of cybersecurity attacks against us or our service providers and others on whom we rely. All of these factors increase the susceptibility of our networks to unauthorized access and could increase the amount of information that may be available to cybercriminals in the event of a successful cybersecurity attack. We, our service providers, and others on whom we rely are also exposed to more traditional security threats to physical facilities and personnel. These security and fraud risks could result in business, reputational, financial, regulatory, and other harm to us, which could be particularly pronounced due to our being a digital financial-services company with a meaningful dependence on service providers. For example, if sensitive, confidential, or proprietary data or other information about us or our customers, employees, third-parties, or others were improperly disclosed, accessed, rendered inaccessible, or destroyed because of a security breach, we could experience severe business or operational disruptions, reputational damage, contractual claims, supervisory actions, or litigation by private plaintiffs. As a digital financial-services company and a direct bank with no branch network, we may face heightened pressure to resolve security breaches more expeditiously to prevent or mitigate a loss of depositor or customer confidence, and if we were to fail to do so, our viability as a going concern could be threatened. As threats inevitably evolve, we expect to continue experiencing increased scrutiny of our security frameworks and protocols by supervisory authorities and others and to continue expending significant resources to enhance our defenses, to educate our employees, to monitor and support the defenses established by our service providers and others on whom we rely, and to investigate and remediate incidents and vulnerabilities as they arise or are identified. Even so, we may not be able to anticipate, detect, or recognize threats or implement effective preventive measures against all security breaches, especially because techniques change frequently, attacks can be launched with no warning from a wide variety of sources around the globe, and attackers often need few resources to extensively probe and exploit vulnerabilities over lengthy periods of time. A breach, moreover, may not be identified until well after the attack has occurred and the damage has been caused. In addition, upon identification of a breach, there can be no assurance that our business continuity or information security response plans will effectively mitigate operational risks, and any backup systems or manual processes may not be able to process data as efficiently or effectively as our primary systems. We also could be adversely affected by security risks faced by others, especially in light of the increased connectivity of third parties (including contractors) and electronic devices with our systems. For example, a cyberattack or other security breach affecting dealers, a service provider or another entity on whom we rely could negatively impact us and our ability to conduct business and operations just as much as a breach affecting us directly. Further, in such a circumstance, we may not receive timely notice of or sufficient information about the breach or be able to exert any meaningful control or influence over how and when the breach is addressed. In addition, a security threat affecting the business community, the markets, or parts of them may cycle or cascade through the financial system and harm us. The mere perception of a security breach involving us or any part of the financial services industry, whether or not true, also could damage our business, operations, or reputation. Many if not all of these risks and uncertainties are some of our most significant and yet beyond our control. Refer to the section titled Risk Management in the MD&A that follows. Our operating systems or infrastructure, as well as those of our service providers or others on whom we rely, could fail or be interrupted, which could disrupt our business and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. We rely heavily upon communications, data management, and other operating systems and infrastructure—including cloud-based services—to conduct our business and operations, which creates meaningful operational risk for us. In the past, we have faced operational disruptions as a result of outages in connection with access to or use of cloud-service providers. Any failure of or interruption in these systems or infrastructure or those of our service providers or others on whom we rely—including as a result of inadequate or failed technology or processes, coding errors, unplanned or unsuccessful updates to technology, sudden increases in transaction volume, human errors, fraud or other misconduct, deficiencies in the integration of acquisitions or the commencement of new businesses, energy or similar infrastructure outages, disruptions in communications networks or systems, natural disasters, catastrophic events, pandemics, acts of terrorism, political or social unrest, external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, cyberattacks such as computer viruses and malware, misplaced or lost 32 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K data, or breakdowns in business continuity plans—could cause failures or delays in receiving applications for loans and operating leases, underwriting or processing loan or operating-lease applications, servicing loans and operating leases, accessing online accounts, processing transactions, executing brokerage orders, communicating with our customers, managing our investment portfolio, facilitating timely financial reporting, or otherwise conducting our business and operations. These adverse effects could be exacerbated if systems or infrastructure need to be taken offline or meaningfully repaired, if backup systems or infrastructure are not adequately redundant and effective for the conduct of our business and operations, or if technological or other solutions do not exist or are slow to be developed. Further, to the extent that the systems or infrastructure of service providers or others are involved, we may have little or no knowledge, control, or influence over how and when failures or delays are addressed. As a digital financial-services company with a meaningful dependence on service providers, we are susceptible to business, reputational, financial, regulatory, and other harm as a result of these risks. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, store, process, and transmit sensitive, confidential, or proprietary data and other information, including business information, intellectual property, and the personally identifiable information of customers and employees. The secure collection, storage, processing, and transmission of this information are critical to our business and reputation, and if any of this information were mishandled, misused, improperly accessed, altered, rendered inaccessible, lost, or stolen or if related operations were disabled or otherwise disrupted, we could suffer significant business, reputational, financial, regulatory, and other damage. Even when a failure of or interruption in operating systems or infrastructure is timely resolved, we may need to expend substantial resources in doing so, may be required to take actions that could adversely affect customer satisfaction or behavior, and may be exposed to revenue loss or reputational damage. We also could be exposed to contractual claims, supervisory actions, or litigation by private plaintiffs. We are heavily reliant on technology, and a failure in effectively implementing technology initiatives, anticipating future technology needs or demands, or maintaining rights or interests in associated intellectual property could adversely affect our business or financial results . As a digital financial-services company and a direct bank with no branch network, we significantly depend on technology to deliver our products and services and to otherwise conduct our business and operations. To remain technologically competitive and operationally efficient, we invest in system upgrades, new solutions, cloud-based services, AI, and other technology initiatives. Many of these initiatives take a significant amount of time to develop and implement, are tied to critical systems, and require substantial financial, human, and other resources. Further, our utilization of AI technologies could result in content, analyses, or automated tasks that are inaccurate, deficient, or otherwise erroneous. Although we take steps to mitigate the risks and uncertainties associated with these initiatives, they are not always implemented on time, within budget, or without negative financial, operational, or customer impact and do not always perform as we or our customers expect, and no assurance can be provided that initiatives in the future will be or will do so. We also may not succeed in anticipating or keeping pace with future technology needs, the technology demands of customers, or the competitive landscape for technology. For example, many of our competitors have begun utilizing AI to offer new products and services to their customers. If we are unable to meet evolving customer expectations and industry standards regarding the development and implementation of AI and emerging technologies, or if we were to misstep in any of these areas, our business, financial results, or reputation could be negatively impacted. Our use of systems and other technologies also depends on rights or interests in the underlying intellectual property, which we or our service providers may own or license. If we or a service provider were alleged or found to be infringing on the intellectual-property rights of another person or entity, we could be liable for significant damages for past infringement, substantial fees for continued use, and deprivation of access for limited or extended periods of time without the practical availability of an alternative. Our enterprise risk-management framework or independent risk-management function may not be effective in mitigating risk and loss. We maintain an enterprise risk-management framework that is designed to identify, measure, assess, monitor, test, control, report, escalate, and mitigate the risks that we face. These include credit, insurance/underwriting, liquidity, market, business/strategic, reputation, model, operational, information-technology/cyber-security/data, compliance, and conduct risks. The framework incorporates risk culture and incentives, risk governance and organization, strategy and risk appetite, a material-risk taxonomy, key risk-management processes, and risk capabilities. Our chief risk officer, chief compliance officer, and other personnel who make up our independent risk-management function are responsible for overseeing and implementing the framework. Refer to the section titled Risk Management in the MD&A that follows. We aim to continuously improve the risk-management framework in response to internal and external reviews and assessments, evolving industry practices, and changes in business and regulatory expectations. Even with these improvements, however, the framework cannot guarantee that we will effectively mitigate risk and limit losses in our business and operations. If conditions or circumstances arise that expose flaws or gaps in the framework or its design or implementation, the performance and value of our business and operations could be adversely affected. An ineffective risk-management framework or function also could give rise to enforcement and other supervisory actions, damage our reputation, and result in private litigation. Our business and operations make extensive use of models and certain other qualified tools, and we could be adversely affected if our design, implementation, or use of models and certain other qualified tools are flawed . We use quantitative models and certain other qualified tools to price products and services, measure risk, calculate the quantitative portion of our allowance for loan losses, estimate asset and liability values, assess capital and liquidity, manage our balance sheet, create financial forecasts, and otherwise conduct our business and operations. If the design, implementation, or use of any of these models is flawed, a model’s assumptions or limitations are misunderstood or set incorrectly, or the input data used is inaccurate or unrepresentative, we could make strategic or tactical decisions based on incorrect, misleading, or incomplete information. In addition, to the extent that any flawed or 33 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K misused models or inappropriate inputs cause inaccurate model outputs are used in reports to banking agencies or the public, we could be subjected to supervisory actions, private litigation, and other proceedings that may adversely affect our business and financial results. Refer to the section titled Risk Management in the MD&A that follows. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock Our ability to pay dividends on our common stock or repurchase shares in the future may be limited. Any future dividends on our common stock or changes in our share repurchase program will be determined by our Board in its sole discretion and will depend on our business, financial condition, earnings, capital, liquidity, and other factors at the time. In addition, any plans to continue dividends or establish a share repurchase program in the future will be subject to our stress capital buffer requirement and the FRB’s review of our annual capital plan, which are unpredictable. There is no assurance that our Board will approve, or the FRB will permit, future dividends or share repurchases. Refer to the section above titled Regulation and Supervision in Part I, Item 1 of this report. It is possible that any indentures or other financing arrangements that we execute in the future could limit our ability to pay dividends on our capital stock, including our common stock. In the event that any of our indentures or other financing arrangements in the future restrict that ability, we may be unable to pay dividends unless and until we can refinance the amounts outstanding under those arrangements. In addition, under Delaware law, our Board may declare dividends on our capital stock only to the extent of our statutory surplus (which is defined as the amount equal to total assets minus total liabilities, in each case at fair market value, minus statutory capital) or, if no surplus exists, out of our net profits for the then-current or immediately preceding fiscal year. Further, even if we are permitted under our contractual obligations and Delaware law to pay dividends on our common stock, we may not have sufficient cash or regulatory approvals to do so. For example, if any share of Series B Preferred Stock or Series C Preferred Stock remains outstanding, unless the dividends for the most recently completed dividend period have been paid in full, or set aside for payment, we will be prohibited, subject to certain specified exceptions, from paying any dividends on or repurchasing our common stock. The market price of our common stock could be adversely impacted by anti-takeover provisions in our organizational documents and Delaware law that could delay or prevent a takeover attempt or CIC of Ally or by other banking, antitrust, or corporate laws that have or are perceived as having an anti-takeover effect. Our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws, and Delaware law contain provisions that could have the effect of discouraging, hindering, or preventing an acquisition that the Board does not find to be in the best interests of us and our shareholders. For example, our organizational documents include provisions that limit the liability of our directors, provide indemnification to our directors and officers, and limit the ability of our shareholders to call and bring business before special meetings of shareholders by requiring any requesting shareholders to hold at least 25% of our common stock in the aggregate. These provisions, alone or together, could delay hostile takeovers and CIC of Ally or changes in management. In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, which generally prohibits a corporation from engaging in various business combination transactions with any interested shareholder (generally defined as a shareholder who owns 15% or more of a corporation’s voting stock) for a period of three years following the time that the shareholder became an interested shareholder, except under specified circumstances such as the receipt of prior board approval. Banking and antitrust laws, including associated regulatory-approval requirements, also impose significant restrictions on the acquisition of direct or indirect control over any BHC, like Ally, or any IDI, like Ally Bank. Any provision of our organizational documents or applicable law that deters, hinders, or prevents a non-negotiated takeover or CIC of Ally could limit the opportunity for our shareholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock and could also affect the price that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock. 34 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C.    Cybersecurity Refer to the section titled Information Technology/Cybersecurity/Data Risk in the MD&A for a discussion related to cybersecurity.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components from the 2024 and 2025 supervisory stress tests for applicable firms. Ally and Ally Bank are currently subject to the U.S. Basel III standardized approach for credit risk but not to the U.S. Basel III advanced approaches for credit risk or operational risk. Ally is also not currently subject to the U.S. market-risk capital rule, which applies only to banking organizations with significant trading assets and liabilities. Since Ally and Ally Bank are currently not subject to the advanced approaches risk-based capital rules, we elected to apply a one-time option to exclude most components of accumulated other comprehensive income and loss from regulatory capital. As of December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, Ally had $2.8 billion and $3.9 billion, respectively, of accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of applicable income taxes, that was excluded from Common Equity Tier 1 capital. Refer to the discussion below about rules proposed by the U.S. banking agencies in 2023 that would require us to recognize all components of accumulated other comprehensive income and loss in regulatory capital, except gains and losses on cash-flow hedges where the hedged items are not recognized on our balance sheet at fair value. Refer also to Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details about our accumulated other comprehensive loss. The risk-based capital ratios and the Tier 1 leverage ratio play a central role in PCA, which is an enforcement framework used by the U.S. banking agencies to constrain the activities of depository institutions based on their levels of regulatory capital. Five categories have been established using thresholds for the Common Equity Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, the Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio, the total risk-based capital ratio, and the Tier 1 leverage ratio: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. FDICIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distribution, including any payment of a cash dividend or a management fee to its BHC, if the depository institution would become undercapitalized after the distribution. An undercapitalized institution is also subject to growth limitations and must submit and fulfill a capital restoration plan. Although BHCs are not subject to the PCA framework, the FRB is empowered to compel a BHC to take measures—such as the execution of financial or performance guarantees—when PCA is required in connection with one of its depository-institution subsidiaries. At December 31, 2025, Ally Bank met the capital ratios required to be well capitalized under the PCA framework. At December 31, 2025, Ally and Ally Bank were in compliance with their regulatory capital requirements. For an additional discussion of capital adequacy requirements, refer to Note 20 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. On January 1, 2020, we adopted CECL. Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our allowance for loan losses accounting policy. Under a rule finalized by the FRB and other U.S. banking agencies in 2020, we delayed recognizing the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital until after a two-year deferral period, which for us extended through December 31, 2021. Beginning on January 1, 2022, we were required to phase in 25% of the previously deferred estimated capital impact of CECL, with an additional 25% phased in at the beginning of each subsequent year until fully phased in by the first quarter of 2025. The estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital that we deferred and began phasing in on January 1, 2022, was generally calculated as the entire day-one impact at adoption plus 25% of the subsequent change in allowance during the two-year deferral period. As of January 1, 2025, the estimated impact of CECL on regulatory capital was fully phased in. In July 2023, the U.S. banking agencies issued a proposed rule to customize and implement revisions to the global Basel III capital framework that were approved by the Basel Committee in December 2017. Among other things, the proposed rule would require the recognition in regulatory capital of most elements of accumulated other comprehensive income and loss and the application of deductions, limitations, and criteria for specified capital investments, minority interests, and TLAC holdings. As proposed, the phase-in of accumulated other comprehensive income and loss would be expected to significantly affect our levels of regulatory capital. While we believe that this would be manageable, we also anticipate that our levels of regulatory capital would need to be gradually increased in advance of and during any transition period. However, the federal banking regulators have subsequently indicated that they expect to issue a revised proposal, the timing and contents of which are uncertain. In August 2023, the U.S. banking agencies issued a proposed rule that would require Category II, III, and IV firms, their large consolidated IDI subsidiaries, and other institutions to issue and maintain minimum amounts of eligible long-term debt. Due to the current 11 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K structure and amount of debt instruments issued by Ally and Ally Bank, we expect the long-term debt rule, if finalized substantially as proposed, to significantly affect us. Whether and when final rules related to these proposals may be adopted and take effect, as well as what changes to the proposed rules may be reflected in any such final rules after the comment periods, remain unclear. Insured Depository Institution Status Ally Bank is an IDI and, as such, is required to file periodic reports with the FDIC about its financial condition. Total assets of Ally Bank were $184.6 billion at December 31, 2025, $181.4 billion at December 31, 2024, and $186.1 billion at December 31, 2023. Ally Bank’s deposits are insured by the FDIC in the standard insurance amounts per depositor for each account ownership category as prescribed by the FDI Act. Insured depository institutions with two million or more deposit accounts, including Ally Bank, are required by the FDIC to establish and maintain systems and processes designed to facilitate prompt payment of FDIC-insured deposits in the event of a failure. Deposit insurance is funded through assessments on Ally Bank and other insured depository institutions. The FDIC assesses premiums from each institution based on its average consolidated total assets minus its average tangible equity, while utilizing a scorecard method to determine each institution’s risk to the DIF. The FDIC may take action to increase insurance premiums if the DIF is not funded to its regulatory-mandated DRR. Currently, the FDIC is required to maintain a DRR of 1.35% under the FDI Act. In October 2022, the FDIC finalized a rule that increased the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules for all insured depository institutions by two basis points, beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023. The increased assessment rate is intended to improve the likelihood that the DRR will reach the required minimum of 1.35% by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. On November 16, 2023, the FDIC finalized a rule that imposes a special assessment to recover the costs to the DIF resulting from the FDIC’s use, in March 2023, of the systemic risk exception to the least-cost resolution test under the FDI Act in connection with the receiverships of SVB and Signature. In December 2025, the FDIC reduced the rate at which the special assessment is collected for the eighth and final quarter of the collection period, with an invoice payment date of March 30, 2026. We paid $19 million in special assessments during the year ended December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, our FDIC special assessment liability was $5 million. If an insured depository institution, like Ally Bank, were to become insolvent or if other specified events were to occur relating to its financial condition or the propriety of its actions, the FDIC may be appointed as conservator or receiver for the institution. In that capacity, the FDIC would have the power to (1) transfer assets and liabilities of the institution to another person or entity without the approval of the institution’s creditors; (2) require that its claims process be followed and to enforce statutory or other limits on damages claimed by the institution’s creditors; (3) enforce the institution’s contracts or leases according to their terms; (4) repudiate or disaffirm the institution’s contracts or leases; (5) seek to reclaim, recover, or recharacterize transfers of the institution’s assets or to exercise control over assets in which the institution may claim an interest; (6) enforce statutory or other injunctions; and (7) exercise a wide range of other rights, powers, and authorities, including those that could impair the rights and interests of all or some of the institution’s creditors. In addition, the administrative expenses of the conservator or receiver could be afforded priority over all or some of the claims of the institution’s creditors, and under the FDI Act, the claims of depositors (including the FDIC as subrogee of depositors) would enjoy priority over the claims of the institution’s unsecured creditors. Investments in Ally Because Ally Bank is an insured depository institution and Ally and IB Finance are BHCs, direct or indirect control of us—whether through the ownership of voting securities, influence over management or policies, or other means—is subject to approvals, conditions, and other restrictions under federal and state laws. Refer to the section above titled Bank Holding Company, Financial Holding Company, and Depository Institution Status for additional information. These laws may differ in their purposes, definitions and presumptions of control, and restrictions, which for example is the case as between the BHC Act and the Change in Bank Control Act. Investors are responsible for ensuring that they do not, directly or indirectly, acquire control of us in contravention of these laws. Insurance Companies Some of our insurance operations—including in the United States, Canada, and Bermuda—are subject to certain minimum aggregate capital requirements, net asset and dividend restrictions, and rules and regulations promulgated by various U.S. and foreign regulatory agencies. Under state and foreign insurance laws, dividend distributions may be made only from statutory unassigned surplus with approvals required from applicable regulatory authorities for dividends in excess of statutory limitations. Our insurance operations are also subject to applicable state and foreign laws generally governing insurance companies, as well as laws addressing products that are not regulated as insurance, such as VSCs and GAP waivers. Consumer Finance Our retail automotive business and consumer mortgage operations are subject to extensive federal, state, and local laws. These laws, for example, may impose licensing obligations and financial requirements; limit the interest rates, finance charges, and other fees that can be charged; regulate the use of credit reports and the reporting of credit information; impose underwriting and disclosure requirements; regulate marketing techniques and practices; require the safeguarding of nonpublic information about customers; and regulate servicing practices, including in connection with assessments, collection and foreclosure activities, claims handling, and investment and interest payments on escrow accounts. The laws applicable to consumer finance are complex and subject to change and to changes in interpretation and enforcement. Further, many existing laws were enacted without anticipating technological and related innovations—including those utilized 12 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K by fintech companies and the banks and financial-services providers that partner with them—and as a result, the application of these legal frameworks is not always clear and can be subject to wide supervisory and enforcement discretion. Ally Invest Subsidiaries Ally Invest Securities LLC (Ally Invest Securities) is registered as a securities broker-dealer with the SEC and in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico, is registered with the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board as a municipal securities broker-dealer, and is a member of FINRA and SIPC. As a result, Ally Invest Securities and its personnel are subject to extensive requirements under the Exchange Act, SEC regulations, SRO rules, and state laws, which collectively cover all aspects of the firm’s securities activities—including sales and trading practices, capital adequacy, recordkeeping, privacy, anti-money laundering, financial and other reporting, supervision, misuse of material nonpublic information, conduct of its business in accordance with just and equitable principles of trade, and personnel qualifications. The firm operates as an introducing broker and clears all transactions, including all customer transactions, through a third-party clearing broker-dealer on a fully disclosed basis. Ally Invest Advisors Inc. (Ally Invest Advisors) is registered as an investment adviser with the SEC. As a result, the firm is subject to a host of requirements governing investment advisers and their personnel under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended, and related rules and regulations, including certain fiduciary and other obligations with respect to its relationships with its investment advisory clients. Regulators conduct periodic examinations of Ally Invest Securities and Ally Invest Advisors and regularly review reports that the firms are required to submit on an ongoing basis. Violations of relevant regulatory requirements could result in adverse consequences for the firms and their personnel, including censure, penalties and fines, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, and restriction, suspension or expulsion from the securities industries. Other Laws Ally is subject to numerous federal, state, and local statutes, regulations, and other laws, and the possibility of violating applicable law presents ongoing compliance, operational, reputation, and other risks to Ally. Some of the other more significant laws to which we are subject include: • Privacy and Data Security — The GLB Act and related regulations impose obligations on financial institutions, within specified parameters and circumstances, to safeguard consumer information maintained by them, to provide notice of their privacy practices to consumers, and to allow consumers to opt out of information sharing with unaffiliated parties. Related regulatory guidance also directs financial institutions to notify consumers in specified cases of unauthorized access to sensitive consumer information. Another U.S. banking agency rule requires a BHC, such as Ally, and a state chartered bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve System, such as Ally Bank, to notify applicable U.S. banking agencies within 36 hours of certain incidents that may have materially disrupted or degraded, or are reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, its ability to deliver services to a material portion of the financial institution’s customer base, jeopardize the viability of key operations, or impact the stability of the financial sector. The rule also requires bank service providers to notify us of any computer security incident that has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, a material service disruption for four or more hours. In addition, in July 2023, the SEC adopted rules requiring public companies, such as Ally, to disclose material cybersecurity incidents within four business days and to disclose on an annual basis material information regarding cybersecurity risk management, strategy, and governance. Most states have also enacted laws requiring notice of specified cases of unauthorized access to information. For example, the NYDFS has imposed significant requirements on regulated entities to establish cybersecurity programs and policies, to designate chief information security officers, to comply with notice and reporting obligations, and to take other actions in connection with the security of their information. In addition, comprehensive privacy laws have been enacted in California that require regulated entities to establish measures to identify, manage, secure, track, produce, and delete personal information. In October 2024, the CFPB issued a final rule requiring providers of payment accounts or products, such as a bank, to make data available to consumers upon request regarding the products or services they obtain from the provider, and to third parties, with the consumer’s express authorization. Data required to be made available under the rule includes transaction information, account balance, account and routing numbers, terms and conditions, upcoming bill information, and certain account verification data. The proposed rule is the subject of litigation, which is currently stayed while the CFPB considers revisions to the proposal. • Volcker Rule — Section 13 of the BHC Act and its implementing regulations (commonly referred to as the Volcker Rule) prohibit banking entities, subject to limited exceptions, from engaging in proprietary trading and investing in or sponsoring “covered funds” (as defined in the Volcker Rule). The Volcker Rule contains exemptions for market-making, hedging, underwriting, and trading in U.S. government and agency obligations. The Volcker Rule also permits the retention of ownership interests in certain types of funds and the offering and sponsoring of funds under certain conditions. For firms with limited trading assets and liabilities, like Ally, the regulatory agencies have simplified and streamlined compliance requirements under the Volcker Rule. The regulatory agencies also have clarified that banking entities may engage in activities that do not raise concerns that the Volcker Rule was intended to address, including in connection with specified credit funds, venture-capital funds, family-wealth-management vehicles, and customer-facilitation vehicles. • Fair Lending Laws — The Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, and similar fair-lending laws (collectively, Fair Lending Laws) generally prohibit a creditor from discriminating against an applicant or borrower in any aspect of a credit transaction on the basis of specified characteristics known as prohibited bases, such as race, gender, and religion. Creditors are also 13 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K required under the Fair Lending Laws to follow a number of highly prescriptive rules, including rules requiring credit decisions to be made promptly and notices of adverse actions to be given. • Fair Credit Reporting Act — The Fair Credit Reporting Act regulates the dissemination of credit reports by credit reporting agencies, requires users of credit reports to provide specified notices to the subjects of those reports, imposes standards on the furnishing of information to credit reporting agencies, obligates furnishers to maintain reasonable procedures to deal with the risk of identity theft, addresses the sharing of specified kinds of information with affiliates and third-parties, and regulates the use of credit reports to make preapproved offers of credit and insurance to consumers. • Truth in Lending Act — The TILA and Regulation Z, which implements TILA, require lenders to provide borrowers with uniform, understandable information about the terms and conditions in certain credit transactions. These rules apply to Ally and its subsidiaries when they extend credit to consumers and require, in the case of certain loans, conspicuous disclosure of the finance charge and annual percentage rate, as applicable. In addition, if an advertisement for credit states specific credit terms, Regulation Z requires that the advertisement state only those terms that actually are or will be arranged or offered by the creditor together with specified notices. Further, TILA imposes a number of restrictions on credit-card practices impacting rates and fees, requires that a consumer’s ability to pay be taken into account before issuing credit or increasing credit limits, and imposes certain disclosure requirements related to provision of open-end credit. • Bank Secrecy Act/Anti-Money-Laundering Requirements — The Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act, contains provisions designed to detect and prevent the use of the U.S. financial system for money laundering and terrorist financing. The Bank Secrecy Act generally requires banks, certain other financial institutions, and, in certain cases, BHCs to undertake activities such as maintaining an anti-money-laundering program, verifying the identity of clients, monitoring for and reporting on suspicious transactions, reporting on cash transactions exceeding specified thresholds, and responding to certain requests for information by regulatory authorities and law-enforcement agencies. In January 2021, the Bank Secrecy Act was amended by the AMLA, which comprehensively reforms and modernizes U.S. anti-money-laundering laws. The AMLA established the CTA, which requires FinCEN to establish rules requiring certain companies to report BOI to FinCEN. In March 2025, the U.S. Department of the Treasury announced that it will not enforce the CTA against U.S. citizens and domestic reporting companies and their beneficial owners. The Treasury Department narrowed the scope of the CTA to apply to foreign reporting companies only. In August 2024, FinCEN adopted a rule extending AML obligations, including maintenance of an AML program and filing certain reports with FinCEN, to registered investment advisers, like Ally Invest Advisors. In December 2025, FinCEN delayed the effective date of the rule to January 1, 2028, in part to allow FinCEN to review the rule. In October 2025, FinCEN jointly with the FRB, FDIC, NCUA, and the OCC, released FAQs clarifying SAR obligations and related AML requirements for financial institutions. The FAQs focus on SAR filing requirements for potential structuring-related activity, continuing suspicious activity reviews, and the required documentation for a financial institution’s no-SAR decisions. The updated guidance is part of FinCEN’s broader initiative to modernize and streamline AML regulations, with the goal of enabling financial institutions to prioritize resources on activities that provide the greatest value to law enforcement and other government stakeholders. • Community Reinvestment Act — Under the CRA, a bank has a continuing and affirmative obligation, consistent with its safe and sound operation, to help meet the credit needs of its entire community, including low- and moderate-income persons and neighborhoods. Although the CRA does not establish specific lending requirements or programs, banks are rated on their performance in meeting the needs of their communities. Ally Bank is currently operating under a four-year CRA strategic plan (2023–2026) that has been approved by the FRB. In its most recent performance evaluation in 2025, which covered the first two years (2023–2024) of the CRA Strategic Plan, Ally Bank received an “Outstanding” rating. Failure by Ally Bank to maintain a “Satisfactory” or better rating on its most recent examination under the CRA may adversely affect our ability to expand our financial and related activities as an FHC or make acquisitions. Refer to the section above titled Bank Holding Company, Financial Holding Company, and Depository Institution Status for additional information. • Executive and Incentive Compensation — Through guidance adopted in 2010, the U.S. banking agencies conveyed their expectation that banking organizations maintain incentive-compensation practices that are consistent with safety and soundness, even when these practices go beyond those needed to align shareholder and employee interests. To be consistent with safety and soundness, incentive-compensation arrangements at a banking organization should (i) provide employees with incentives that appropriately balance risk and reward, (ii) be compatible with effective internal controls and risk management, and (iii) be supported by strong corporate governance, including active and effective oversight by the organization’s board of directors. Enforcement action may be taken against a banking organization if its incentive-compensation arrangements or related risk-management, control, or governance processes pose a risk to the organization’s safety and soundness, particularly when the organization is not taking prompt and effective measures to correct the deficiencies. 14 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K Ally adopted its Requirements for the Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Incentive-Based Compensation under NYSE Listing Standard 303A.14, which is filed with this Form 10-K as Exhibit 97. • Climate-Related and other Sustainability-Related Developments — In recent years, certain lawmakers and regulators in and outside the United States have increased their focus on financial institutions and other companies’ risk oversight, disclosures and practices in connection with climate change and other sustainability-related matters. Several states in which Ally has customers have adopted or proposed statutes, regulations and policies addressing climate change and other sustainability issues. Human Capital Our team members are integral to the success of our business, and central to our strategy is attracting, developing, and retaining talented individuals with the range of skills, experience and insights to drive our business forward. We had approximately 10,300 and 10,700 employees as of December 31, 2025, and 2024, respectively, which consisted primarily of full-time employees in the United States. The decrease in employees for the year ended December 31, 2025, was primarily attributable to the sale of our credit card operations, the ceasing of consumer mortgage originations, and workforce reductions, in order to focus on our core businesses and optimize our organizational structure. Sustaining high levels of employee engagement and belonging are key measures of our workplace success as we continue to build a company where our employees want to work, have purposeful careers, and feel empowered to make a difference. Throughout the year, a third-party provider administers confidential employee surveys to provide feedback on key strengths and opportunity areas for action-taking to improve our culture. The results of these surveys are shared with the Board and help guide individual team engagement planning across the organization to drive enterprise change and empowerment through localized efforts. The following table indicates our company-wide engagement survey results as measured by our third-party provider, based on a 100-point scale, as well as our participation rates for the survey. 2025 2024 Ally score 84 83 Financial services benchmark 77 76 Ally employee participation % (a) 81 80 (a) The participation rate benchmark from our third-party provider was 75% in both 2025, and 2024. In 2025, our employee engagement scores were within the top 10% of all global companies that participated in the survey for the sixth consecutive year, and we were seven points higher than the financial services industry benchmark. We believe high levels of employee engagement reflect a productive and engaged workforce that contributes to our stable employee retention rate, which was approximately 85% and 87% for the years ended December 31, 2025, and December 31, 2024, respectively. During the year ended December 31, 2025, employee engagement for those in our Band 4 category, which is aligned to most customer-facing roles, increased on average 4 points across all measures of engagement. Additionally, we internally monitor and provide opportunities for our employees to provide feedback outside of our company-wide engagement survey, which includes collecting employee feedback on our internal website. This survey asks a rotating series of questions that employees answer, and management uses those answers to better understand our enterprise and align strategic priorities. Oversight and Governance Our collective human capital approach involves identifying, prioritizing, mitigating, and monitoring human-capital risks in alignment with our enterprise risk management framework. We believe this allows us to maintain a well-controlled operational environment and risk culture. Enterprise policies, standards, and processes are reviewed at least once per year and are subject to routine control assessment and effectiveness testing. Transparency in risk reporting—through issue management, quarterly business reviews, risk committees, and audits—supports appropriate governance and oversight for human capital measures and processes. The Compensation, Nominating, and Governance Committee of the Board is responsible for the oversight of our human capital management. Annually, the Board reviews and approves Ally’s Code of Conduct and Ethics, which is the framework for our culture including how employees must conduct themselves. This is required to be attested to by all employees on an annual basis. The management of our human capital resources is a core responsibility of our leaders across the organization. Leaders recognize the importance of attracting, engaging, and retaining talented employees at all levels. Human capital risk appetite limits, comprising voluntary turnover analysis and succession planning, are tracked and communicated as appropriate. Additional Information Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and Current Reports on Form 8-K (and amendments to these reports) are available on our internet website, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after the reports are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. These reports are available at www.ally.com/about/investor/sec-filings/. These reports can also be found on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 15 Table of Contents Ally Financial Inc. • Form 10-K Item 1A.

