TICKER: ALMS
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain for envu API, drug product and critical raw material. For all our product candidates, we intend to identify and qualify redundant manufacturers to provide the API and drug product and prior to submission of the NDA to the FDA and/or a marketing authorization application to the European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) and/or other health authorities. envu and A-005 are compounds of low molecular weight, generally called small molecules. Envu can be manufactured in reliable and reproducible processes from readily available starting materials. A-005 has been produced in small quantities to support our preclinical studies and is currently being manufactured at larger quantities for clinical testing. The chemistries for envu and A-005 are amenable to scale-up and do not require unusual equipment in the manufacturing process. Additional contract manufacturers are used to package, label, and distribute investigational drug products. This strategy allows us to maintain a more efficient infrastructure, avoid depending on our own manufacturing facility and equipment while simultaneously enabling us to focus our expertise on developing our products. We expect to continue to develop product candidates that can be produced cost-effectively at contract manufacturing facilities. Competition The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our potential competitors include large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and generic drug companies. Many of our potential competitors have greater financial and technical human resources than we do, as well as equal or greater experience in the discovery and development of product candidates, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of products and the commercialization of those products. Accordingly, our potential competitors may be more successful than us in achieving regulatory approvals and commercializing their drugs. We anticipate that we will face intense and increasing competition from existing, approved drugs, as well as new drugs entering the market and emerging technologies that become available. Finally, the development of new treatment methods for the diseases we are targeting could render our product candidates non-competitive or obsolete. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of our product candidates, if approved, will be efficacy, safety, tolerability profile, convenience of dosing, price and coverage by governmental and third-party payors. We are currently developing envu for the treatment of PsO and SLE, with multiple other potential indications to follow. Other emerging and established life sciences companies have been focused on similar therapeutics. If approved, envu would compete with several currently approved or late-stage oral clinical therapeutics in each such indication as well as other drugs used to treat such patients. Our second TYK2 product candidate, A-005, is a highly differentiated CNS-penetrant allosteric TYK2 inhibitor that has a potential application in MS and other neuroinflammatory diseases. In MS, there are a large number of therapies available for the treatment of relapsing forms of MS, including interferon beta regulators, monoclonal antibodies, synthetic immunomodulatory drugs, and S1P receptor modulators. Coverage and Reimbursement Successful sales of approved drug products in the U.S. market will depend, in part, on the extent to which such drugs will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs or private health insurance (including managed care plans). Patients who are provided with prescriptions as part of their medical treatment generally rely on such third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescriptions and therefore adequate coverage and reimbursement from such third-party payors are critical to new and ongoing product acceptance. Coverage and 15 Table of Contents reimbursement policies for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor as there is no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products among third-party payors in the United States. There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement as the process of determining coverage and reimbursement is often time consuming and costly. Further, third-party payors are increasingly reducing reimbursements for medical drugs and services and implementing measures to control utilization of drugs (such as requiring prior authorization for coverage). Additionally, the containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state and foreign governments, and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic drugs. For example, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) imposes rebates on many Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D products to penalize price increases that outpace inflation on an annual basis. HHS has also been empowered to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs that have been on the market for at least seven years and biologics that have been on the market for at least 11 years covered under Medicare as part of the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Each year up to 20 products will be selected by HHS for the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Products subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program are expected to experience a significant reduction in reimbursement from the Medicare program on a per unit basis. Adoption or expansion of price controls and cost-containment measures could further limit manufacturers’ net revenue and results. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for a manufacturer’s drug products or a decision by a third-party payor to not cover its drug products could have a material adverse effect on the manufacturer’s sales, results of operations and financial condition. General legislative cost control measures may also affect reimbursement for drug products. Manufacturers that obtain approval to market a drug candidate in the United States may be subject to spending reductions affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs and/or any significant taxes or fees. Government Regulation Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries and jurisdictions extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and import and export of pharmaceutical products. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries and jurisdictions, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations and other regulatory authorities, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. U.S. Drug and Biologic Development Process In the United States, pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (“FDCA”) and its implementing regulations. Biologics are additionally subject to the Public Health Service Act and its implementing regulations. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: ● completion of nonclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in accordance with Good Laboratory Practice regulations (“GLPs”) and other applicable regulations; ● submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug (“IND”) application, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; ● approval by an independent institutional review board (“IRB”) or ethics committee at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; ● performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with Good Clinical Practice regulations (“GCPs”) to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the drug for its intended use; 16 Table of Contents ● submission to the FDA of an NDA or Biologics License Application (“BLA”); ● a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of the NDA or BLA to file the submission for review; ● satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product is produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”) requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve its identity, strength, quality and purity, and of inspection of selected clinical investigation sites to assess compliance with GCPs; and ● FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for use in the United States. Nonclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the nonclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including GLPs, where applicable. The results of nonclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls (“CMC”), and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term preclinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations; (ii) in compliance with GCPs, which are standards meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors; as well as (iii) under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. The FDA may order the temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if it believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an IRB for approval before a clinical trial commences at the relevant institution. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB’s requirements, or may impose other conditions on the conduct of the study. Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In Phase 1, the initial introduction of the investigational product into healthy subjects or patients, safety, dosage tolerance, metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions, side effects and, if possible, to early evidence on effectiveness are assessed. Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population with the specified disease or conditions to evaluate the effectiveness of the investigational product for a particular indication, to determine optimal dose and regimen, and to identify common AEs and safety risks. If preliminary evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile is obtained in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 trials are conducted. Phase 3 trials are undertaken to obtain additional information about clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient population, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the investigational product and to provide adequate information for labeling. In most cases, the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a product. A single Phase 3 trial may be sufficient (1) where the study is a large, multicenter trial demonstrating internal consistency and a statistically very persuasive finding of a clinically meaningful effect on mortality, irreversible morbidity or prevention of a disease with a potentially serious outcome and confirmation of the result in a second trial would be practically or ethically impossible or (2) when the single trial is supported by confirmatory evidence. Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 studies, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These 17 Table of Contents trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA or BLA. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the product and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMPs. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the finished product. In addition, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. U.S. Review and Approval Process After completion of the required clinical testing, the sponsor prepares and submits an NDA or BLA to the FDA. FDA approval of the application is required before marketing and distribution of the product may begin in the United States. The application must include, among other information, the results of all nonclinical, clinical, and other testing along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on the product, and proposed labeling. The cost of preparing and submitting an application is substantial. The submission of most applications is additionally subject to a substantial user fee. Under an approved NDA or BLA, the applicant is also subject to an annual program fee. These fees are typically increased annually. The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA or BLA to determine whether the application will be filed based on the FDA’s threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is filed, the FDA begins an in-depth review. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, as amended (“PDUFA”), the FDA has agreed to certain performance goals. The FDA’s goal is to review and act on applications granted Standard Review within ten months of the date the FDA files the application. For applications granted a Priority Review, the FDA’s goal is to review the application within six months from the date the FDA files the application. The FDA may extend its PDUFA goal date for reviewing both standard and priority-review applications for three additional months to allow the FDA to consider certain late-submitted information or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. The FDA may also refer applications for novel products, as well as those that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an advisory committee—typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts—for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will generally inspect the facility or the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve a product unless the facility at which it is manufactured has a satisfactory cGMP compliance status. After the FDA evaluates the NDA or BLA and completes any clinical and manufacturing site inspections, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with prescribing information for specific indications. A complete response letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application will not be approved in its present form. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the application and may require substantial additional testing or information that must be provided in order for the FDA to reconsider the application for approval. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA’s satisfaction in a resubmission of the application, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months from the date of receipt, depending on the type of information included. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (“REMS”) to help ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use (“ETASU”). ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring, 18 Table of Contents and the use of patient registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. Moreover, the FDA may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the product’s safety or efficacy. FDA Expedited Development and Review Programs The FDA has a number of programs intended to expedite the development or review of a marketing application for an investigational product. For example, the Fast Track designation program is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for developing and reviewing drug products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, investigational drugs and biologics are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. The sponsor of a Fast Track designated investigational product has opportunities for more frequent interactions with the applicable FDA review team during product development and, once an NDA or BLA is submitted, the application may be eligible for priority review. The FDA may consider for review sections of the NDA or BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the application, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the application and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the application. A drug biologic intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may also be eligible for Breakthrough Therapy designation to expedite its development and review. Breakthrough Therapy designation is provided if preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug or biologic, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all of the Fast Track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance beginning as early as Phase 1 and an organizational commitment to expedite the development and review of the product, including involvement of senior managers. Any drug or biologic product submitted to the FDA for approval may also be eligible for Priority Review. An NDA or BLA is eligible for Priority Review if the product is designed to treat a serious condition, and if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or efficacy compared to available therapies. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application designated for priority review. Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, and Priority Review do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Even if a product candidate qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information Sponsors of clinical trials of FDA-regulated products, including investigational drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information on ClinicalTrials.gov. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators, and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. Pediatric Information Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, NDAs, BLAs or supplements thereto must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is determined by the FDA to be safe and effective. The FDA may grant full or partial waivers or deferrals for submission of data. A deferral may be granted for several reasons, including a finding that the product is ready for approval for use in adults before pediatric clinical trials are complete or that additional safety or effectiveness data needs to be collected before the pediatric clinical trials begin. The 19 Table of Contents FDA must send a non-compliance letter to any sponsor that fails to submit the required assessment, keep a deferral current or submit a request for approval of a pediatric formulation. The Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act (“BPCA”) provides NDA and BLA holders a six-month extension of any exclusivity—patent or nonpatent—for a product if certain conditions are met. Conditions for exclusivity include the FDA’s determination that information relating to the use of the product in the pediatric population may produce health benefits in that population, the FDA making a “written request” for pediatric studies, and the applicant agreeing to perform, and reporting on, the requested studies within the statutory timeframe. Applications or supplements to an approved application that propose a labeling change as a result of pediatric studies conducted pursuant to the BPCA are treated as priority applications or supplements, with all of the benefits that designation confers. Post-Approval Requirements Any products manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, many changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, certain manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further FDA review and approval. Drug and biologic manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. Registration with the FDA subjects entities to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, during which the FDA inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMP. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality-control to maintain compliance with cGMP. The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including AEs of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of requirements for post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: ● restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; ● warning or untitled letters; ● clinical holds on clinical studies; ● refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; ● product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; ● consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; ● mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; ● the issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; or ● injunctions, fines or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 20 Table of Contents The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of drugs and biologics that are placed on the market. Advertising and promotion of drugs and biologics must be in compliance with the FDCA and its implementing regulations and only for the approved indications and in a manner consistent with the approved labeling. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including investigation by federal and state authorities. Foreign Drug Development Processes In addition to regulations in the United States, we are and will continue to be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials, authorization, and any commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval of a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Many countries outside of the United States have a process similar to that in the United States that requires the submission of a clinical trial application (“CTA”) much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials. Although in countries outside of the EU, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country in all cases, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If we or our potential collaborators fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension, variation or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Clinical Trials in the EU Similarly to the United States, the various phases of non-clinical and clinical research in the EU are subject to significant regulatory controls. In the EU, clinical trials are governed by the Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 (the “CTR”), which entered into application on January 31, 2022, repealing and replacing the former Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20 (the “CTD”). The CTR is intended to harmonize and streamline CTA, simplify adverse-event reporting procedures, improve the supervision of clinical trials and increase transparency. Specifically, the regulation, which is directly applicable in all EU member states, introduces a streamlined application procedure through a single-entry point, the “EU portal”; the Clinical Trials Information System (“CTIS”); a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application; as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors. A harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials has been introduced and is divided into two parts. Part I assessment is led by the competent authorities of a reference member state selected by the trial sponsor and relates to clinical trial aspects that are considered to be scientifically harmonized across EU member states. This assessment is then submitted to the competent authorities of all concerned member states in which the trial is to be conducted for their review. Part II is assessed separately by the competent authorities and ethics committees in each concerned EU member state, i.e., all EU member states in which a clinical trial is to be conducted. Individual EU member states retain the power to authorize the conduct of clinical trials on their territory. The CTR foresaw a three-year transition period that ended on January 31, 2025. Since this date, all new or ongoing trials are subject to the provisions of the CTR. Medicinal products used in clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with the guidelines on GMP and in a GMP certified facility, which is subject to GMP inspections. Review and Approval Process of Medicinal Products in the EU 21 Table of Contents In the EU, medicinal products can only be commercialized after a related marketing authorization (“MA”) has been granted. To obtain an MA for a medicinal product in the EU, an applicant must submit a Marketing Authorization Application (“MAA”), either in accordance with a centralized procedure administered by the EMA, or one of the procedures administered by the competent authorities of EU member states (decentralized procedure, national procedure or mutual recognition procedure). An MA may be granted only to an applicant established in the EU. A successful application in accordance with the centralized procedure results in the grant of a single MA by the European Commission that is valid throughout the EU. Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, the centralized procedure is compulsory for specific products, including for (i) medicinal products derived from biotechnological processes, (ii) products designated as orphan medicinal products, (iii) advanced therapy medicinal products (“ATMPs”), and (iv) products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV/AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. For products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of other diseases and products that are highly innovative or for which a centralized process is in the interest of patients, authorization through the centralized procedure is optional on related approval. In accordance with the centralized procedure, the EMA’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (the “CHMP”), conducts the initial assessment of an application for authorization of a medicinal product. The CHMP is also responsible for several post-authorization and maintenance activities, such as the assessment of variations or extensions to an existing MA. The maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA under the centralized procedure is 210 days, excluding clock stops during which additional information or written or oral explanations are provided by the applicant in response to questions of the CHMP. Accelerated assessment may be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product that targets an unmet medical need is expected to be of major interest from the point of view of public health and, in particular, from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation. If the CHMP accepts a request for accelerated assessment, the time limit of 210 days will be reduced to 150 days (excluding clock stops). The CHMP can, however, revert to the standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it considers that it is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment. Unlike the centralized authorization procedure, the decentralized MA procedure requires a separate application to, and leads to separate approval by, the competent authorities of each EU member state in which the product is to be marketed. This application is identical to the application that would be submitted to the EMA for authorization through the centralized procedure. The reference EU member state prepares a draft assessment and drafts of the related materials within 120 days after receipt of a valid MAA. The resulting assessment report is submitted to the concerned EU member states who, within 90 days of receipt, must decide whether to approve the assessment report and related materials. If a concerned EU member state cannot approve the assessment report and related materials due to concerns relating to a potential serious risk to public health, disputed elements may be referred to the Heads of Medicines Agencies’ Coordination Group for Mutual Recognition and Decentralized Procedures — Human (“CMDh”) for review. The subsequent decision of the European Commission is binding on all EU member states. The mutual recognition procedure allows companies that have a medicinal product already authorized in one EU member state to apply for this authorization to be recognized by the competent authorities in other EU member states. Like the decentralized procedure, the mutual recognition procedure is based on the acceptance by the competent authorities of the EU member states of the MA granted in relation to a medicinal product by the competent authorities of other EU member states. The holder of a national MA may submit an application to the competent authority of an EU member state requesting that this authority recognize the MA delivered by the competent authority of another EU member state. An MA has, in principle, an initial validity of five years. The MA may be renewed after five years on the basis of a re-evaluation of the risk-benefit balance by the EMA or by the competent authority of the EU member state in which the original MA was granted. To support the application, the MA holder must provide the EMA or the competent authority with a consolidated version of the Common Technical Document providing up-to-date data concerning the quality, safety and efficacy of the product, including all variations introduced since the MA was granted, at least nine months before the MA ceases to be valid. The European Commission or the competent authorities of the EU member states may decide on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with one further five-year renewal period for the MA. Once subsequently definitively renewed, the MA shall be valid for an unlimited period. Any authorization which is not followed by the actual placing of the medicinal product on the EU market (for a centralized MA) or on the market of the authorizing 22 Table of Contents EU member state within three years after authorization ceases to be valid (the so-called sunset clause) unless, in justified circumstances, authorization is extended. Innovative products that target an unmet medical need and are expected to be of major public health interest may be eligible for a number of expedited development and review programs, such as the PRIority MEdicines (“PRIME”) scheme, which provides incentives similar to the breakthrough therapy designation in the U.S. PRIME is a voluntary scheme aimed at enhancing the EMA’s support for the development of medicinal products that target unmet medical needs. Eligible products must target conditions for which there is an unmet medical need; i.e., where there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment in the EU or, if there is, the new medicinal product will bring a major therapeutic advantage. The products must demonstrate the potential to address the unmet medical need by introducing new methods of therapy or improving existing ones. Benefits accrue to sponsors of product candidates with PRIME designation, including but not limited to, early and proactive regulatory dialogue with the EMA, frequent discussions on clinical trial designs and other development program elements, and potentially accelerated MAA assessment once a dossier has been submitted. In the EU, a “conditional” MA may be granted in cases where all the required safety and efficacy data are not yet available. The European Commission may grant a conditional MA for a medicinal product if it is demonstrated that all of the following criteria are met: (i) the benefit-risk balance of the medicinal product is positive; (ii) it is likely that the applicant will be able to provide comprehensive data post-authorization; (iii) the medicinal product fulfils an unmet medical need; and (iv) the benefit of the immediate availability to patients of the medicinal product is greater than the risk inherent in the fact that additional data are still required. The conditional MA is subject to conditions to be fulfilled for generating the missing data or ensuring increased safety measures. It is valid for one year and must be renewed annually until all related conditions have been fulfilled. Once any pending studies are provided, the conditional MA can be converted into a standard MA. However, if the conditions are not fulfilled within the timeframe set by the EMA and approved by the European Commission, the MA will cease to be renewed. An MA may also be granted “under exceptional circumstances” where the applicant can show that it is unable to provide comprehensive data on efficacy and safety under normal conditions of use even after the product has been authorized and subject to specific procedures being introduced. These circumstances may arise in particular when the intended indications are very rare and, in the state of scientific knowledge at that time, it is not possible to provide comprehensive information, or when generating data may be contrary to generally accepted ethical principles. Like a conditional MA, an MA granted in exceptional circumstances is reserved to medicinal products intended to be authorized for treatment of rare diseases or unmet medical needs for which the applicant does not hold a complete data set that is required for the grant of a standard MA. However, unlike the conditional MA, an applicant for authorization in exceptional circumstances is not subsequently required to provide the missing data. Although the MA “under exceptional circumstances” is granted definitively, the risk-benefit balance of the medicinal product is reviewed annually, and the MA will be withdrawn if the risk-benefit ratio is no longer favorable. Pediatric Development in the EU In the EU, Regulation (EC) No 1901/2006 provides that all MAAs for new medicinal products must include the results of trials conducted in the pediatric population, in compliance with a pediatric investigation plan (“PIP”) agreed with the EMA’s Pediatric Committee (“PDCO”). The PIP sets out the timing and measures proposed to generate data to support a pediatric indication of the medicinal product for which MA is being sought. The PDCO can grant a deferral of the obligation to implement some or all of the measures provided in the PIP until there are sufficient data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the product in adults. Further, the obligation to provide pediatric clinical trial data can be waived by the PDCO when these data are not needed or appropriate because the product is likely to be ineffective or unsafe in children, the disease or condition for which the product is intended occurs only in adult populations, or when the product does not represent a significant therapeutic benefit over existing treatments for pediatric patients. Once the MA is obtained in all EU member states and study results are included in the product information, even when negative, the product is eligible for a six-month extension to the Supplementary Protection Certificate (“SPC”), if any is in effect at the time of authorization or, in the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year extension of orphan market exclusivity. Data and Market Exclusivity in the EU 23 Table of Contents The EU provides opportunities for data and market exclusivity related to MAs. Upon receipt of an MA, innovative medicinal products (i.e., reference products) are generally entitled to benefit from eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity. Data exclusivity, if granted, prevents generic and biosimilar applicants from relying on the preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic or biosimilar MA in the EU during a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. The market exclusivity period prevents a successful generic or biosimilar applicant from commercializing its product in the EU until ten years have elapsed from the initial MA of the reference product in the EU. The overall ten-year period may, occasionally, be extended for a further year to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the MA holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. However, there is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the EU’s regulatory authorities to be a new chemical/biological entity, and products may not qualify for data exclusivity. In the EU, there is a special regime for biosimilars, or biological medicinal products that are similar to a reference medicinal product but that do not meet the definition of a generic medicinal product. For such products, the results of appropriate preclinical or clinical trials must be provided in support of an application for MA. Guidelines from the EMA detail the type of quantity of supplementary data to be provided for different types of biological product. Manufacturing Regulation in the EU In addition to an MA, various other requirements apply to the manufacture and placing on the EU market of medicinal products. The manufacture of medicinal products in the EU requires a manufacturing authorization. Moreover, import of medicinal products into the EU requires a manufacturing authorization allowing for import. The holder of a manufacturing authorization must comply with various requirements set out in the applicable EU laws, regulations and guidance, including GMP standards. Similarly, the distribution of medicinal products within the EU is subject to compliance with applicable EU laws, regulations and guidelines, including the requirement to hold appropriate authorizations for distribution granted by the competent authorities of EU member states. MA holders and/or manufacturing and import authorization, or MA holders and/or distribution authorization holders may be subject to civil, criminal or administrative sanctions, including suspension of manufacturing authorization, in case of non-compliance with the EU or EU member states’ requirements applicable to the manufacturing of medicinal products. Post-authorization Requirements in the EU Where an MA is granted in relation to a medicinal product in the EU, the holder of the MA is required to comply with a range of regulatory requirements applicable to the manufacture, marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products. Similar to the United States, both MA holders and manufacturers of medicinal products are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the EMA, the European Commission and/or the competent regulatory authorities of the individual EU member states. The holder of an MA must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system and appoint an individual qualified person for pharmacovigilance who is responsible for oversight of that system. Key obligations include expedited reporting of suspected serious adverse reactions and submission of periodic safety update reports (“PSURs”). All new MAAs must include a risk management plan (“RMP”), describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures to prevent or minimize the risks associated with the product. The regulatory authorities may also impose specific obligations as a condition of the MA. Such risk minimization measures or post-authorization obligations may include additional safety monitoring, more frequent submission of PSURs, or the conduct of additional clinical trials or post-authorization safety studies. In the EU, the advertising and promotion of medicinal products are subject to both EU and EU member states’ laws governing promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians and other healthcare professionals, misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices. General requirements for advertising and promotion of medicinal products, such as direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription medicinal products are established in EU law. However, the details are governed by regulations in individual EU member states and can differ from one country to another. For example, applicable laws require that promotional materials and advertising in relation to medicinal products comply with the product’s Summary of Product Characteristics (“SmPC”), which may require approval by the competent 24 Table of Contents national authorities in connection with an MA. The SmPC is the document that provides information to physicians and other healthcare professionals concerning the safe and effective use of the product. Promotional activity that does not comply with the SmPC is considered off-label and is prohibited in the EU. The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the European Economic Area (which is comprised of the 27 EU member states plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). Failure to comply with EU and member state laws that apply to the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing approval, MA of medicinal products and marketing of such products, both before and after grant of the MA, manufacturing of pharmaceutical products, statutory health insurance, bribery and anti-corruption or with other applicable regulatory requirements may result in administrative, civil or criminal penalties. These penalties could include delays or refusal to authorize the conduct of clinical trials, or to grant MA, product withdrawals and recalls, product seizures, suspension, withdrawal or variation of the MA, total or partial suspension of production, distribution, manufacturing or clinical trials, operating restrictions, injunctions, suspension of licenses, fines and criminal penalties. Pricing, Coverage and Reimbursement in the EU In the EU, pricing and reimbursement schemes vary widely from country to country. Some EU member states may approve a specific price for a product, or they may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the product on the market. Other EU member states allow companies to fix their own prices for products but monitor and control prescription volumes and issue guidance to physicians to limit prescriptions. In addition, some EU member states may require the completion of additional studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular medicinal product candidate to currently available therapies. This Health Technology Assessment (“HTA”), process is the procedure according to which the assessment of the public health impact, therapeutic impact and the economic and societal impact of use of a given medicinal product in the national healthcare systems of the individual country is conducted. The outcome of HTA regarding specific medicinal products will often influence the pricing and reimbursement status granted to these medicinal products by the competent authorities of individual EU member states. On January 12, 2025, Regulation No 2021/2282 on Health Technology Assessment (the “HTA Regulation”) entered into application through a phase implementation. The Regulation initially applies to new active substances for oncology and ATMPs. It will be expanded to orphan medicinal products in January 2028, and to all centrally authorized medicinal products as of 2030. Select high-risk medical devices also came into scope in 2026. The Regulation is intended to boost cooperation among EU member states in assessing health technologies, including new medicinal products, and establishes the framework for EU level joint clinical assessments, joint scientific consultations, and the early identification of emerging health technologies. The HTA Regulation is intended to harmonize the clinical benefit assessment of HTA across the EU. The Regulation permits EU Member States to use common tools, methodologies, and procedures and requires them to rely on EU-level joint clinical assessment reports for the clinical components of their national HTA evaluations. Individual EU Member States will continue to be responsible for assessing non-clinical (e.g., economic, social, ethical) aspects of health technologies, and making decisions on pricing and reimbursement. UK Regulation The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (“MHRA”) is the United Kingdom’s standalone regulator for medicinal products and medical devices. ​ While the UK regulatory framework in relation to clinical trials was historically based on the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004, which implemented the former EU Clinical Trials Directive, this has been significantly reformed by the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) (Amendment) Regulations 2024. The new legislation, which was adopted in April 2025, modernizes the United Kingdom's approach to make it a more attractive location for research, and includes key features such as: (i) a risk-proportionate approach, including a notification scheme for lower-risk trials; (ii) a combined review process integrating ethics committee and regulatory approvals into a single, streamlined pathway; (iii) enhanced transparency requirements mandating registration of clinical trials in a public registry and publication of trial results within 12 months of trial completion (with scope for deferrals in certain circumstances); (iv) greater flexibility 25 Table of Contents to support innovation in clinical trial design; and (v) measures to promote patient and public involvement. The amendments will become applicable on April 28, 2026 following a one-year transition period. Marketing authorizations in the UK are governed by the Human Medicines Regulations (SI 2012/1916), as amended. To obtain a UK MA to commercialize products in the UK, an applicant must be established in the UK and must follow one of the UK national authorization procedures or one of the remaining post-Brexit international cooperation procedures. Applications are governed by the Human Medicines Regulations (SI 2012/1916) and are made electronically through the MHRA Submissions Portal. The MHRA has introduced changes to national licensing procedures, including procedures to prioritize access to new medicines that will benefit patients, a 150-day assessment (subject to clock-stops) and a rolling review procedure. The rolling-review procedure permits the separate or joint submission of quality, non-clinical, and clinical data to the MHRA which can be reviewed on a rolling basis. After an application under the rolling-review procedure has been validated, the decision should be received within 100 days (subject to clock-stops). In addition, since January 1, 2024, the MHRA may rely on the International Recognition Procedure (“IRP”), when reviewing certain types of MAAs. Pursuant to the IRP, the MHRA will take into account the expertise and decision-making of trusted regulatory partners (e.g., the regulatory in Australia, Canada, Switzerland, Singapore, Japan, the United States and the EU). The MHRA will conduct a targeted assessment of IRP applications but retain the authority to reject applications if the evidence provided is considered insufficiently robust. The IRP allows medicinal products approved by such trusted regulatory partners that meet certain criteria to undergo a fast-tracked MHRA review to obtain and/or update a MA in the UK. Applications should be decided within a maximum of 60 days if there are no major objections identified that cannot be resolved within such 60-day period and the approval from the trusted regulatory partner selected has been granted within the previous two years or if there are such major objections identified or such approval hasn’t been granted within the previous two years within 110 days. Applicants can submit initial MAAs to the IRP, but the procedure can also be used throughout the lifecycle of a product for post-authorization procedures including line extensions, variations and renewals. Japanese Regulation Manufacturers and sellers of drugs, quasi-drugs, cosmetics, medical devices and regenerative medical products (“Designated Products”) in Japan are subject to the supervision of Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (“MHLW”) primarily under the Act on Securing Quality, Efficacy and Safety of Pharmaceuticals, Medical Devices, Regenerative and Cellular Therapy Products, Gene Therapy Products, and Cosmetics of Japan (“PMDA” or “PMD Act”). Under the PMD Act, the relevant licenses must be obtained from the MHLW in order to conduct the business of manufacturing, marketing or selling Designated Products. Applications for the approval of new products are made through the PMDA. The clinical trial data and other pertinent data must be attached to the application for approval. If the drugs, medical devices or regenerative medical products under application are of types designated by ministerial ordinance of the MHLW, the attached data mentioned above must be obtained in compliance with the standards established by the minister of the MHLW (“Minister”), such as the Good Laboratory Practice and the Good Clinical Practice. Once an application for approval is submitted, a review team is formed, which consists of specialized officials of the PMDA, including experts on chemistry/manufacturing, non-clinical, clinical, and biostatistics. Team evaluation results are passed to the PMDA’s external experts, who then report back to the PMDA. After a further team evaluation, a report is provided to the Minister; the Minister makes a final determination for approval and refers this to the Council on Drugs and Foods Sanitation, which then advises the MHLW on final approvability. Marketing and distribution approvals require a review to determine whether or not the product in the application is suitable as a drug to be manufactured and distributed with which a manufacturing and distribution business license for the type of drug concerned has been obtained, and to confirm that the product has been manufactured in a plant compliant with the GMP. Once the MHLW has approved the application, the company can make the new drug available for physicians to prescribe. After that, the MHLW lists its National Health Insurance price within 60 days (or 90 days at the latest) from the approval, and physicians can obtain reimbursement. For some medications, the MHLW requires additional post marketing studies (Phase 4) to further evaluate safety and/or to gather information concerning the quality, efficacy, and safety of the product under specified conditions, in addition to post marketing surveillance including Early Post-marketing Phase Vigilance 26 Table of Contents (“EPPV”) based on the RMP for all new medications. The MHLW also requires the drug’s sponsor to submit periodic safety update reports. Within three months from the specified re-examination period, which is designated at the time of the approval of the application for the new product, the company must submit a re-examination application to enable the drug’s quality, efficacy, and safety to be reassessed against approved labeling by the PMDA. The PMD Act also provides for special regulations applicable to drugs, quasi-drugs, cosmetics and medical devices made of biological raw materials. These regulations impose various obligations on manufacturers and other persons in relation to manufacturing facilities, explanation to patients, labeling on products, record-keeping and reporting to the Minister. Under the PMD Act, the Minister may take various measures to supervise manufacturing and marketing license holders of Designated Products. The Minister has the authority to order manufacturing and marketing license holders to temporarily suspend the marketing, leasing or providing of the Designated Products to prevent risks or increases in risks to the public health. Also, the Minister may revoke a license or approval granted to a manufacturing and marketing license holder or order a temporary business suspension under certain limited circumstances such as violation of laws relating to drugs. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments Orange Book Listing Under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch Waxman Amendments, NDA applicants are required to identify to FDA each patent whose claims cover the applicant’s drug or approved method of using the drug. Upon approval of a drug, the applicant must update its listing of patents to the NDA in timely fashion and each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn, be cited by potential generic competitors in support of approval of an abbreviated new drug application (“ANDA”). An ANDA provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active ingredient(s), strength, route of administration and dosage form as the listed drug and has been shown through bioequivalence testing to be therapeutically equivalent to the listed drug. An approved ANDA product is considered to be therapeutically equivalent to the listed drug. Other than the requirement for bioequivalence testing, ANDA applicants are not required to conduct, or submit results of, preclinical or clinical tests to prove the safety or effectiveness of their drug product. Drugs approved under the ANDA pathway are commonly referred to as “generic equivalents” to the listed drug and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the original listed drug pursuant to each state’s laws on drug substitution. The ANDA applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents identified for the reference listed drug in the Orange Book. Specifically, the applicant must certify to each patent in one of the following ways: (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product. A certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved product’s listed patents, or that such patents are invalid, is called a Paragraph IV certification. For patents listed that claim an approved method of use, under certain circumstances the ANDA applicant may also elect to submit a section viii statement certifying that its proposed ANDA label does not contain (or carves out) any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents through a Paragraph IV certification, the ANDA application will not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA-holder and patentee(s) once the ANDA has been received by the FDA for review (referred to as the “notice letter”). The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice letter. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months from the date the notice letter is received, expiration of the patent, the date of a settlement order or consent decree signed and entered by the court stating that the patent that is the subject of the certification is invalid or not infringed, or a decision in the patent case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant. 27 Table of Contents The ANDA application also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired. In some instances, an ANDA applicant may receive approval prior to expiration of certain non-patent exclusivity if the applicant seeks, and FDA permits, the omission of such exclusivity-protected information from the ANDA prescribing information. Hatch-Waxman Exclusivity Market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can delay the submission or the approval of certain marketing applications. For example, upon NDA approval of a new chemical entity (“NCE”), which is a drug that contains no active moiety that has been approved by FDA in any other NDA, that drug receives five years of non-patent data exclusivity during which FDA cannot receive (1) any ANDA seeking approval of a generic version of that drug or (2) an NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA (505(b)(2) NDA) by another company for another drug based on the same active moiety, regardless of whether the drug is intended for the same indication as the original innovative drug or for another indication. However, an ANDA or a 505(b)(2) NDA may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement to one of the patents listed with the FDA by the innovator NDA holder (i.e., a Paragraph IV certification). The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the modification for which the drug received approval on the basis of the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs or 505(b)(2) NDAs for drugs containing the active moiety for any other indication or condition of use. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct, or obtain a right of reference to, all of the nonclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. Patent Term Extension The Hatch Waxman Amendments permit a patent term extension as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. Patent term extension, however, cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date. After NDA approval, owners of relevant drug patents may apply for the extension. The allowable patent term extension is calculated as half of the drug’s testing phase (the time between IND application and NDA submission) and all of the review phase (the time between NDA submission and approval) up to a maximum of five years. The time can be reduced for any time FDA determines that the applicant did not pursue approval with due diligence. The United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. However, the USPTO may not grant an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than requested. The total patent term after the extension may not exceed 14 years, and only one patent can be extended. The application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent, and for patents that might expire during the application phase, the patent owner may request an interim patent extension. An interim patent extension increases the patent term by one year and may be renewed up to four times. For each interim patent extension granted, the post-approval patent extension is reduced by one year. The director of the USPTO must determine that approval of the drug covered by the patent for which a patent extension is being sought is likely. Interim patent extensions are not available for a drug for which an NDA has not been submitted. Other U.S. Regulatory Matters Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities following drug approval are also subject to regulation by numerous 28 Table of Contents regulatory authorities in addition to the FDA, including, in the United States, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”), other divisions of HHS, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety & Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency and state and local governments. The failure to comply with regulatory requirements subjects manufacturers to possible legal or regulatory action. Data Privacy and Security Laws Numerous state, federal and foreign laws, regulations and standards govern the collection, use, access to, confidentiality and security of health-related and other personal information. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including data breach notification laws, health information privacy and security laws and consumer protection laws and regulations govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information. For example, the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (“HITECH”) and their respective implementing regulations, impose privacy, security and breach notification obligations on certain health care providers, health plans, and health care clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as their business associates that perform certain services that involve creating, receiving, maintaining or transmitting individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of such covered entities. Entities that are found to be in violation of HIPAA may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative fines and penalties, and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations if required to enter into a resolution agreement and corrective action plan with HHS to settle allegations of HIPAA non-compliance. Further, entities that knowingly obtain, use, or disclose individually identifiable health information maintained by a HIPAA covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA may be subject to criminal penalties. In addition, certain state laws govern the privacy and security of personal information, including health-related information, in certain circumstances. Failure to comply with these laws, where applicable, can result in the imposition of significant civil and/or criminal penalties and private litigation. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) imposes certain data privacy obligations for covered companies and provides certain privacy rights to California residents. Other states have also enacted, proposed, or are considering proposing, data privacy laws. In addition, certain foreign laws govern the privacy and security of personal information, including health-related information. Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to complicate compliance efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions on data processing. Other U.S. Healthcare Laws Pharmaceutical manufacturers are subject to numerous federal and state laws and regulations including, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims and transparency laws, such as the following: ● federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibit, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully offering, soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce either the referral of an individual, for an item or service or the purchasing or ordering of a good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; ● federal false claims laws, including the False Claim Act and the Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, information or claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payers that are false or fraudulent. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act; ● HIPAA, which, in addition to the privacy, security, and breach notification obligations described above, also prohibits, among other things, executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program (including private health plans) or making false statements relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 29 Table of Contents ● the FDCA, which among other things, strictly regulates drug product and medical device marketing, prohibits manufacturers from marketing such products prior to approval or for off-label use and regulates the distribution of samples; ● federal laws that require pharmaceutical manufacturers to report certain calculated product prices to the government or provide certain discounts or rebates to government authorities or private entities, often as a condition of reimbursement under government healthcare programs; ● the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and ● state law equivalents of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including private insurers, state transparency laws, and state laws limiting interactions between pharmaceutical manufacturers and members of the healthcare industry, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, and often are not preempted by HIPAA. Violations of such laws may result in significant penalties, including criminal, civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of operations. U.S. Healthcare Reform The U.S. government, state legislatures, and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement, and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the “ACA”) was passed which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both the government and private insurers and continues to significantly impact the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. Since its enactment, there have been amendments and judicial, Congressional and executive branch challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, on July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the “OBBBA”) was signed into law, which narrowed access to ACA marketplace exchange enrollment and declined to extend the ACA enhanced advanced premium tax credits that expired at the end of 2025, which, among other provisions in the law, are anticipated to reduce the number of Americans with health insurance. The OBBBA also is expected to reduce Medicaid spending and enrollment by implementing work requirements for some beneficiaries, capping state-directed payments, reducing federal funding, and limiting provider taxes used to fund the program. Congress is considering proposed legislation intended to further reduce healthcare costs with alternatives to replace the expired ACA subsidies. We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that the U.S. federal government will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our product candidates or additional pricing pressures. The current administration is pursuing policies to reduce regulations and expenditures across government agencies including at HHS, the FDA, CMS and related agencies. These actions, presently directed by executive orders or memoranda from the Office of Management and Budget, may propose policy changes that create additional uncertainty for our business. For example, the current administration has announced agreements with several pharmaceutical companies that require the drug manufacturers to offer, through a direct-to-consumer platform, U.S. patients and Medicaid programs prescription drug Most-Favored Nation pricing equal to or lower than those paid in other developed nations, with additional mandates for direct-to-patient discounts and repatriation of foreign revenues. Other recent actions, for 30 Table of Contents example, include (1) directing agencies to reduce agency workforce and cut programs; (2) directing HHS and other agencies to lower prescription drug costs through a variety of initiatives, including by establishing Most-Favored-Nation pricing for pharmaceutical products and launching an online clearinghouse, referred to as TrumpRx, for patients to purchase certain products from manufacturers on a cash pay basis; (3) ongoing trade tensions between the United States and other jurisdictions that have resulted in multiple rounds of tariffs and potential tariffs affecting pharmaceutical products; and (4) as part of the Make America Healthy Again Commission’s Strategy Report released in September 2025, working across government agencies to increase enforcement on direct-to-consumer pharmaceutical advertising. Additionally, the current administration recently called on Congress to enact “The Great Healthcare Plan,” to codify and expand Most-Favored Nation pricing, lower government subsidies to private insurance companies, increase healthcare price transparency, expand pharmaceutical drugs available for over-the-counter purchase, and enact restrictions on pharmacy benefit manager payment methodologies, among other things. These actions and policies may significantly reduce U.S. drug prices, potentially impacting manufacturers’ global pricing strategies and profitability, while increasing their operational costs and compliance risks. In June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court’s Loper Bright decision greatly reduced judicial deference to regulatory agencies, which could increase successful legal challenges to federal regulations affecting our operations. Congress may introduce and ultimately pass health care related legislation that could, among other things, impact the drug approval process and make changes to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access, and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Employees and Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025, we employed 221 full-time and 3 part-time employees, consisting of clinical, scientific, development, regulatory, finance, legal and operational personnel. We also retain independent contractors to support certain organizational needs. None of our employees is subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. We recognize that our culture is central to the productivity, agility, scalability and competitiveness of our operation, and is essential to our success. We are clear and consistent in our company values and we communicate and support an employee value proposition. Our proposition is centered with unique and impactful professional development opportunities within an environment of inclusive representation and diverse thinking as a unifying force and business differentiator. Our employees are critical to our long-term success and are essential to helping us meet our goals. Among other things, we support and incentivize our employees in the following ways: ● Talent development, compensation and retention: Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and additional employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards. ● Health and safety: We support the health and safety of our employees by providing comprehensive insurance benefits, an employee assistance program, company-paid holidays, a personal time-off program and other additional benefits which are intended to assist employees to manage their well-being. ● Inclusion and diversity workplace: We are committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace because we believe that fostering an inclusive work environment with a team of employees having wide-ranging backgrounds, experiences, perspectives and skillsets enhances our corporate culture and is key to our long-term success . Item 1A.

--- VENDORS ---
vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other illegal activity by our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, CROs, CMOs and other parties. Misconduct by these parties could include intentional, reckless and/or negligent conduct that fails to comply with FDA or other regulations, provide true, complete and accurate information to the FDA and other similar foreign regulatory bodies, respect our confidentiality and intellectual property rights, comply with

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers are used to package, label, and distribute investigational drug products. This strategy allows us to maintain a more efficient infrastructure, avoid depending on our own manufacturing facility and equipment while simultaneously enabling us to focus our expertise on developing our products. We expect to continue to develop product candidates that can be produced cost-effectively at contract manufacturing facilities. Competition The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our potential competitors include large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and generic drug companies. Many of our potential competitors have greater financial and technical human resources than we do, as well as equal or greater experience in the discovery and development of product candidates, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of products and the commercialization of those products. Accordingly, our potential competitors may be more successful than us in achieving regulatory approvals and commercializing their drugs. We anticipate that we will face intense and increasing competition from existing, approved drugs, as well as new drugs entering the market and emerging technologies that become available. Finally, the development of new treatment methods for the diseases we are targeting could render our product candidates non-competitive or obsolete. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of our product candidates, if approved, will be efficacy, safety, tolerability profile, convenience of dosing, price and coverage by governmental and third-party payors. We are currently developing envu for the treatment of PsO and SLE, with multiple other potential indications to follow. Other emerging and established life sciences companies have been focused on similar therapeutics. If approved, envu would compete with several currently approved or late-stage oral clinical therapeutics in each such indication as well as other drugs used to treat such patients. Our second TYK2 product candidate, A-005, is a highly differentiated CNS-penetrant allosteric TYK2 inhibitor that has a potential application in MS and other neuroinflammatory diseases. In MS, there are a large number of therapies available for the treatment of relapsing forms of MS, including interferon beta regulators, monoclonal antibodies, synthetic immunomodulatory drugs, and S1P receptor modulators. Coverage and Reimbursement Successful sales of approved drug products in the U.S. market will depend, in part, on the extent to which such drugs will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs or private health insurance (including managed care plans). Patients who are provided with prescriptions as part of their medical treatment generally rely on such third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescriptions and therefore adequate coverage and reimbursement from such third-party payors are critical to new and ongoing product acceptance. Coverage and 15 Table of Contents reimbursement policies for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor as there is no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products among third-party payors in the United States. There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement as the process of determining coverage and reimbursement is often time consuming and costly. Further, third-party payors are increasingly reducing reimbursements for medical drugs and services and implementing measures to control utilization of drugs (such as requiring prior authorization for coverage). Additionally, the containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state and foreign governments, and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic drugs. For example, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) imposes rebates on many Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D products to penalize price increases that outpace inflation on an annual basis. HHS has also been empowered to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs that have been on the market for at least seven years and biologics that have been on the market for at least 11 years covered under Medicare as part of the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Each year up to 20 products will be selected by HHS for the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Products subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program are expected to experience a significant reduction in reimbursement from the Medicare program on a per unit basis. Adoption or expansion of price controls and cost-containment measures could further limit manufacturers’ net revenue and results. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for a manufacturer’s drug products or a decision by a third-party payor to not cover its drug products could have a material adverse effect on the manufacturer’s sales, results of operations and financial condition. General legislative cost control measures may also affect reimbursement for drug products. Manufacturers that obtain approval to market a drug candidate in the United States may be subject to spending reductions affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs and/or any significant taxes or fees. Government Regulation Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries and jurisdictions extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and import and export of pharmaceutical products. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries and jurisdictions, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations and other regulatory authorities, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. U.S. Drug and Biologic Development Process In the United States, pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (“FDCA”) and its implementing regulations. Biologics are additionally subject to the Public Health Service Act and its implementing regulations. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: ● completion of nonclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in accordance with Good Laboratory Practice regulations (“GLPs”) and other applicable regulations; ● submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug (“IND”) application, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; ● approval by an independent institutional review board (“IRB”) or ethics committee at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; ● performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with Good Clinical Practice regulations (“GCPs”) to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the drug for its intended use; 16 Table of Contents ● submission to the FDA of an NDA or Biologics License Application (“BLA”); ● a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of the NDA or BLA to file the submission for review; ● satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product is produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”) requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve its identity, strength, quality and purity, and of inspection of selected clinical investigation sites to assess compliance with GCPs; and ● FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for use in the United States. Nonclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the nonclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including GLPs, where applicable. The results of nonclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls (“CMC”), and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term preclinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations; (ii) in compliance with GCPs, which are standards meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors; as well as (iii) under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. The FDA may order the temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if it believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an IRB for approval before a clinical trial commences at the relevant institution. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB’s requirements, or may impose other conditions on the conduct of the study. Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In Phase 1, the initial introduction of the investigational product into healthy subjects or patients, safety, dosage tolerance, metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions, side effects and, if possible, to early evidence on effectiveness are assessed. Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population with the specified disease or conditions to evaluate the effectiveness of the investigational product for a particular indication, to determine optimal dose and regimen, and to identify common AEs and safety risks. If preliminary evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile is obtained in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 trials are conducted. Phase 3 trials are undertaken to obtain additional information about clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient population, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the investigational product and to provide adequate information for labeling. In most cases, the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a product. A single Phase 3 trial may be sufficient (1) where the study is a large, multicenter trial demonstrating internal consistency and a statistically very persuasive finding of a clinically meaningful effect on mortality, irreversible morbidity or prevention of a disease with a potentially serious outcome and confirmation of the result in a second trial would be practically or ethically impossible or (2) when the single trial is supported by confirmatory evidence. Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 studies, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These 17 Table of Contents trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA or BLA. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the product and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMPs. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the finished product. In addition, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. U.S. Review and Approval Process After completion of the required clinical testing, the sponsor prepares and submits an NDA or BLA to the FDA. FDA approval of the application is required before marketing and distribution of the product may begin in the United States. The application must include, among other information, the results of all nonclinical, clinical, and other testing along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on the product, and proposed labeling. The cost of preparing and submitting an application is substantial. The submission of most applications is additionally subject to a substantial user fee. Under an approved NDA or BLA, the applicant is also subject to an annual program fee. These fees are typically increased annually. The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA or BLA to determine whether the application will be filed based on the FDA’s threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is filed, the FDA begins an in-depth review. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, as amended (“PDUFA”), the FDA has agreed to certain performance goals. The FDA’s goal is to review and act on applications granted Standard Review within ten months of the date the FDA files the application. For applications granted a Priority Review, the FDA’s goal is to review the application within six months from the date the FDA files the application. The FDA may extend its PDUFA goal date for reviewing both standard and priority-review applications for three additional months to allow the FDA to consider certain late-submitted information or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. The FDA may also refer applications for novel products, as well as those that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an advisory committee—typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts—for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will generally inspect the facility or the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve a product unless the facility at which it is manufactured has a satisfactory cGMP compliance status. After the FDA evaluates the NDA or BLA and completes any clinical and manufacturing site inspections, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with prescribing information for specific indications. A complete response letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application will not be approved in its present form. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the application and may require substantial additional testing or information that must be provided in order for the FDA to reconsider the application for approval. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA’s satisfaction in a resubmission of the application, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months from the date of receipt, depending on the type of information included. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (“REMS”) to help ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use (“ETASU”). ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring, 18 Table of Contents and the use of patient registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. Moreover, the FDA may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the product’s safety or efficacy. FDA Expedited Development and Review Programs The FDA has a number of programs intended to expedite the development or review of a marketing application for an investigational product. For example, the Fast Track designation program is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for developing and reviewing drug products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, investigational drugs and biologics are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. The sponsor of a Fast Track designated investigational product has opportunities for more frequent interactions with the applicable FDA review team during product development and, once an NDA or BLA is submitted, the application may be eligible for priority review. The FDA may consider for review sections of the NDA or BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the application, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the application and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the application. A drug biologic intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may also be eligible for Breakthrough Therapy designation to expedite its development and review. Breakthrough Therapy designation is provided if preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug or biologic, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all of the Fast Track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance beginning as early as Phase 1 and an organizational commitment to expedite the development and review of the product, including involvement of senior managers. Any drug or biologic product submitted to the FDA for approval may also be eligible for Priority Review. An NDA or BLA is eligible for Priority Review if the product is designed to treat a serious condition, and if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or efficacy compared to available therapies. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application designated for priority review. Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, and Priority Review do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Even if a product candidate qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information Sponsors of clinical trials of FDA-regulated products, including investigational drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information on ClinicalTrials.gov. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators, and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. Pediatric Information Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, NDAs, BLAs or supplements thereto must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is determined by the FDA to be safe and effective. The FDA may grant full or partial waivers or deferrals for submission of data. A deferral may be granted for several reasons, including a finding that the product is ready for approval for use in adults before pediatric clinical trials are complete or that additional safety or effectiveness data needs to be collected before the pediatric clinical trials begin. The 19 Table of Contents FDA must send a non-compliance letter to any sponsor that fails to submit the required assessment, keep a deferral current or submit a request for approval of a pediatric formulation. The Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act (“BPCA”) provides NDA and BLA holders a six-month extension of any exclusivity—patent or nonpatent—for a product if certain conditions are met. Conditions for exclusivity include the FDA’s determination that information relating to the use of the product in the pediatric population may produce health benefits in that population, the FDA making a “written request” for pediatric studies, and the applicant agreeing to perform, and reporting on, the requested studies within the statutory timeframe. Applications or supplements to an approved application that propose a labeling change as a result of pediatric studies conducted pursuant to the BPCA are treated as priority applications or supplements, with all of the benefits that designation confers. Post-Approval Requirements Any products manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, many changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, certain manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further FDA review and approval. Drug and biologic manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. Registration with the FDA subjects entities to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, during which the FDA inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMP. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality-control to maintain compliance with cGMP. The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including AEs of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of requirements for post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: ● restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; ● warning or untitled letters; ● clinical holds on clinical studies; ● refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; ● product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; ● consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; ● mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; ● the issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; or ● injunctions, fines or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 20 Table of Contents The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of drugs and biologics that are placed on the market. Advertising and promotion of drugs and biologics must be in compliance with the FDCA and its implementing regulations and only for the approved indications and in a manner consistent with the approved labeling. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including investigation by federal and state authorities. Foreign Drug Development Processes In addition to regulations in the United States, we are and will continue to be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials, authorization, and any commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval of a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Many countries outside of the United States have a process similar to that in the United States that requires the submission of a clinical trial application (“CTA”) much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials. Although in countries outside of the EU, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country in all cases, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If we or our potential collaborators fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension, variation or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Clinical Trials in the EU Similarly to the United States, the various phases of non-clinical and clinical research in the EU are subject to significant regulatory controls. In the EU, clinical trials are governed by the Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 (the “CTR”), which entered into application on January 31, 2022, repealing and replacing the former Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20 (the “CTD”). The CTR is intended to harmonize and streamline CTA, simplify adverse-event reporting procedures, improve the supervision of clinical trials and increase transparency. Specifically, the regulation, which is directly applicable in all EU member states, introduces a streamlined application procedure through a single-entry point, the “EU portal”; the Clinical Trials Information System (“CTIS”); a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application; as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors. A harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials has been introduced and is divided into two parts. Part I assessment is led by the competent authorities of a reference member state selected by the trial sponsor and relates to clinical trial aspects that are considered to be scientifically harmonized across EU member states. This assessment is then submitted to the competent authorities of all concerned member states in which the trial is to be conducted for their review. Part II is assessed separately by the competent authorities and ethics committees in each concerned EU member state, i.e., all EU member states in which a clinical trial is to be conducted. Individual EU member states retain the power to authorize the conduct of clinical trials on their territory. The CTR foresaw a three-year transition period that ended on January 31, 2025. Since this date, all new or ongoing trials are subject to the provisions of the CTR. Medicinal products used in clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with the guidelines on GMP and in a GMP certified facility, which is subject to GMP inspections. Review and Approval Process of Medicinal Products in the EU 21 Table of Contents In the EU, medicinal products can only be commercialized after a related marketing authorization (“MA”) has been granted. To obtain an MA for a medicinal product in the EU, an applicant must submit a Marketing Authorization Application (“MAA”), either in accordance with a centralized procedure administered by the EMA, or one of the procedures administered by the competent authorities of EU member states (decentralized procedure, national procedure or mutual recognition procedure). An MA may be granted only to an applicant established in the EU. A successful application in accordance with the centralized procedure results in the grant of a single MA by the European Commission that is valid throughout the EU. Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, the centralized procedure is compulsory for specific products, including for (i) medicinal products derived from biotechnological processes, (ii) products designated as orphan medicinal products, (iii) advanced therapy medicinal products (“ATMPs”), and (iv) products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV/AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. For products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of other diseases and products that are highly innovative or for which a centralized process is in the interest of patients, authorization through the centralized procedure is optional on related approval. In accordance with the centralized procedure, the EMA’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (the “CHMP”), conducts the initial assessment of an application for authorization of a medicinal product. The CHMP is also responsible for several post-authorization and maintenance activities, such as the assessment of variations or extensions to an existing MA. The maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA under the centralized procedure is 210 days, excluding clock stops during which additional information or written or oral explanations are provided by the applicant in response to questions of the CHMP. Accelerated assessment may be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product that targets an unmet medical need is expected to be of major interest from the point of view of public health and, in particular, from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation. If the CHMP accepts a request for accelerated assessment, the time limit of 210 days will be reduced to 150 days (excluding clock stops). The CHMP can, however, revert to the standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it considers that it is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment. Unlike the centralized authorization procedure, the decentralized MA procedure requires a separate application to, and leads to separate approval by, the competent authorities of each EU member state in which the product is to be marketed. This application is identical to the application that would be submitted to the EMA for authorization through the centralized procedure. The reference EU member state prepares a draft assessment and drafts of the related materials within 120 days after receipt of a valid MAA. The resulting assessment report is submitted to the concerned EU member states who, within 90 days of receipt, must decide whether to approve the assessment report and related materials. If a concerned EU member state cannot approve the assessment report and related materials due to concerns relating to a potential serious risk to public health, disputed elements may be referred to the Heads of Medicines Agencies’ Coordination Group for Mutual Recognition and Decentralized Procedures — Human (“CMDh”) for review. The subsequent decision of the European Commission is binding on all EU member states. The mutual recognition procedure allows companies that have a medicinal product already authorized in one EU member state to apply for this authorization to be recognized by the competent authorities in other EU member states. Like the decentralized procedure, the mutual recognition procedure is based on the acceptance by the competent authorities of the EU member states of the MA granted in relation to a medicinal product by the competent authorities of other EU member states. The holder of a national MA may submit an application to the competent authority of an EU member state requesting that this authority recognize the MA delivered by the competent authority of another EU member state. An MA has, in principle, an initial validity of five years. The MA may be renewed after five years on the basis of a re-evaluation of the risk-benefit balance by the EMA or by the competent authority of the EU member state in which the original MA was granted. To support the application, the MA holder must provide the EMA or the competent authority with a consolidated version of the Common Technical Document providing up-to-date data concerning the quality, safety and efficacy of the product, including all variations introduced since the MA was granted, at least nine months before the MA ceases to be valid. The European Commission or the competent authorities of the EU member states may decide on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with one further five-year renewal period for the MA. Once subsequently definitively renewed, the MA shall be valid for an unlimited period. Any authorization which is not followed by the actual placing of the medicinal product on the EU market (for a centralized MA) or on the market of the authorizing 22 Table of Contents EU member state within three years after authorization ceases to be valid (the so-called sunset clause) unless, in justified circumstances, authorization is extended. Innovative products that target an unmet medical need and are expected to be of major public health interest may be eligible for a number of expedited development and review programs, such as the PRIority MEdicines (“PRIME”) scheme, which provides incentives similar to the breakthrough therapy designation in the U.S. PRIME is a voluntary scheme aimed at enhancing the EMA’s support for the development of medicinal products that target unmet medical needs. Eligible products must target conditions for which there is an unmet medical need; i.e., where there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment in the EU or, if there is, the new medicinal product will bring a major therapeutic advantage. The products must demonstrate the potential to address the unmet medical need by introducing new methods of therapy or improving existing ones. Benefits accrue to sponsors of product candidates with PRIME designation, including but not limited to, early and proactive regulatory dialogue with the EMA, frequent discussions on clinical trial designs and other development program elements, and potentially accelerated MAA assessment once a dossier has been submitted. In the EU, a “conditional” MA may be granted in cases where all the required safety and efficacy data are not yet available. The European Commission may grant a conditional MA for a medicinal product if it is demonstrated that all of the following criteria are met: (i) the benefit-risk balance of the medicinal product is positive; (ii) it is likely that the applicant will be able to provide comprehensive data post-authorization; (iii) the medicinal product fulfils an unmet medical need; and (iv) the benefit of the immediate availability to patients of the medicinal product is greater than the risk inherent in the fact that additional data are still required. The conditional MA is subject to conditions to be fulfilled for generating the missing data or ensuring increased safety measures. It is valid for one year and must be renewed annually until all related conditions have been fulfilled. Once any pending studies are provided, the conditional MA can be converted into a standard MA. However, if the conditions are not fulfilled within the timeframe set by the EMA and approved by the European Commission, the MA will cease to be renewed. An MA may also be granted “under exceptional circumstances” where the applicant can show that it is unable to provide comprehensive data on efficacy and safety under normal conditions of use even after the product has been authorized and subject to specific procedures being introduced. These circumstances may arise in particular when the intended indications are very rare and, in the state of scientific knowledge at that time, it is not possible to provide comprehensive information, or when generating data may be contrary to generally accepted ethical principles. Like a conditional MA, an MA granted in exceptional circumstances is reserved to medicinal products intended to be authorized for treatment of rare diseases or unmet medical needs for which the applicant does not hold a complete data set that is required for the grant of a standard MA. However, unlike the conditional MA, an applicant for authorization in exceptional circumstances is not subsequently required to provide the missing data. Although the MA “under exceptional circumstances” is granted definitively, the risk-benefit balance of the medicinal product is reviewed annually, and the MA will be withdrawn if the risk-benefit ratio is no longer favorable. Pediatric Development in the EU In the EU, Regulation (EC) No 1901/2006 provides that all MAAs for new medicinal products must include the results of trials conducted in the pediatric population, in compliance with a pediatric investigation plan (“PIP”) agreed with the EMA’s Pediatric Committee (“PDCO”). The PIP sets out the timing and measures proposed to generate data to support a pediatric indication of the medicinal product for which MA is being sought. The PDCO can grant a deferral of the obligation to implement some or all of the measures provided in the PIP until there are sufficient data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the product in adults. Further, the obligation to provide pediatric clinical trial data can be waived by the PDCO when these data are not needed or appropriate because the product is likely to be ineffective or unsafe in children, the disease or condition for which the product is intended occurs only in adult populations, or when the product does not represent a significant therapeutic benefit over existing treatments for pediatric patients. Once the MA is obtained in all EU member states and study results are included in the product information, even when negative, the product is eligible for a six-month extension to the Supplementary Protection Certificate (“SPC”), if any is in effect at the time of authorization or, in the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year extension of orphan market exclusivity. Data and Market Exclusivity in the EU 23 Table of Contents The EU provides opportunities for data and market exclusivity related to MAs. Upon receipt of an MA, innovative medicinal products (i.e., reference products) are generally entitled to benefit from eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity. Data exclusivity, if granted, prevents generic and biosimilar applicants from relying on the preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic or biosimilar MA in the EU during a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. The market exclusivity period prevents a successful generic or biosimilar applicant from commercializing its product in the EU until ten years have elapsed from the initial MA of the reference product in the EU. The overall ten-year period may, occasionally, be extended for a further year to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the MA holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. However, there is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the EU’s regulatory authorities to be a new chemical/biological entity, and products may not qualify for data exclusivity. In the EU, there is a special regime for biosimilars, or biological medicinal products that are similar to a reference medicinal product but that do not meet the definition of a generic medicinal product. For such products, the results of appropriate preclinical or clinical trials must be provided in support of an application for MA. Guidelines from the EMA detail the type of quantity of supplementary data to be provided for different types of biological product. Manufacturing Regulation in the EU In addition to an MA, various other requirements apply to the manufacture and placing on the EU market of medicinal products. The manufacture of medicinal products in the EU requires a manufacturing authorization. Moreover, import of medicinal products into the EU requires a manufacturing authorization allowing for import. The holder of a manufacturing authorization must comply with various requirements set out in the applicable EU laws, regulations and guidance, including GMP standards. Similarly, the distribution of medicinal products within the EU is subject to compliance with applicable EU laws, regulations and guidelines, including the requirement to hold appropriate authorizations for distribution granted by the competent authorities of EU member states. MA holders and/or manufacturing and import authorization, or MA holders and/or distribution authorization holders may be subject to civil, criminal or administrative sanctions, including suspension of manufacturing authorization, in case of non-compliance with the EU or EU member states’ requirements applicable to the manufacturing of medicinal products. Post-authorization Requirements in the EU Where an MA is granted in relation to a medicinal product in the EU, the holder of the MA is required to comply with a range of regulatory requirements applicable to the manufacture, marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products. Similar to the United States, both MA holders and manufacturers of medicinal products are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the EMA, the European Commission and/or the competent regulatory authorities of the individual EU member states. The holder of an MA must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system and appoint an individual qualified person for pharmacovigilance who is responsible for oversight of that system. Key obligations include expedited reporting of suspected serious adverse reactions and submission of periodic safety update reports (“PSURs”). All new MAAs must include a risk management plan (“RMP”), describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures to prevent or minimize the risks associated with the product. The regulatory authorities may also impose specific obligations as a condition of the MA. Such risk minimization measures or post-authorization obligations may include additional safety monitoring, more frequent submission of PSURs, or the conduct of additional clinical trials or post-authorization safety studies. In the EU, the advertising and promotion of medicinal products are subject to both EU and EU member states’ laws governing promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians and other healthcare professionals, misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices. General requirements for advertising and promotion of medicinal products, such as direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription medicinal products are established in EU law. However, the details are governed by regulations in individual EU member states and can differ from one country to another. For example, applicable laws require that promotional materials and advertising in relation to medicinal products comply with the product’s Summary of Product Characteristics (“SmPC”), which may require approval by the competent 24 Table of Contents national authorities in connection with an MA. The SmPC is the document that provides information to physicians and other healthcare professionals concerning the safe and effective use of the product. Promotional activity that does not comply with the SmPC is considered off-label and is prohibited in the EU. The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the European Economic Area (which is comprised of the 27 EU member states plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). Failure to comply with EU and member state laws that apply to the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing approval, MA of medicinal products and marketing of such products, both before and after grant of the MA, manufacturing of pharmaceutical products, statutory health insurance, bribery and anti-corruption or with other applicable regulatory requirements may result in administrative, civil or criminal penalties. These penalties could include delays or refusal to authorize the conduct of clinical trials, or to grant MA, product withdrawals and recalls, product seizures, suspension, withdrawal or variation of the MA, total or partial suspension of production, distribution, manufacturing or clinical trials, operating restrictions, injunctions, suspension of licenses, fines and criminal penalties. Pricing, Coverage and Reimbursement in the EU In the EU, pricing and reimbursement schemes vary widely from country to country. Some EU member states may approve a specific price for a product, or they may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the product on the market. Other EU member states allow companies to fix their own prices for products but monitor and control prescription volumes and issue guidance to physicians to limit prescriptions. In addition, some EU member states may require the completion of additional studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular medicinal product candidate to currently available therapies. This Health Technology Assessment (“HTA”), process is the procedure according to which the assessment of the public health impact, therapeutic impact and the economic and societal impact of use of a given medicinal product in the national healthcare systems of the individual country is conducted. The outcome of HTA regarding specific medicinal products will often influence the pricing and reimbursement status granted to these medicinal products by the competent authorities of individual EU member states. On January 12, 2025, Regulation No 2021/2282 on Health Technology Assessment (the “HTA Regulation”) entered into application through a phase implementation. The Regulation initially applies to new active substances for oncology and ATMPs. It will be expanded to orphan medicinal products in January 2028, and to all centrally authorized medicinal products as of 2030. Select high-risk medical devices also came into scope in 2026. The Regulation is intended to boost cooperation among EU member states in assessing health technologies, including new medicinal products, and establishes the framework for EU level joint clinical assessments, joint scientific consultations, and the early identification of emerging health technologies. The HTA Regulation is intended to harmonize the clinical benefit assessment of HTA across the EU. The Regulation permits EU Member States to use common tools, methodologies, and procedures and requires them to rely on EU-level joint clinical assessment reports for the clinical components of their national HTA evaluations. Individual EU Member States will continue to be responsible for assessing non-clinical (e.g., economic, social, ethical) aspects of health technologies, and making decisions on pricing and reimbursement. UK Regulation The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (“MHRA”) is the United Kingdom’s standalone regulator for medicinal products and medical devices. ​ While the UK regulatory framework in relation to clinical trials was historically based on the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004, which implemented the former EU Clinical Trials Directive, this has been significantly reformed by the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) (Amendment) Regulations 2024. The new legislation, which was adopted in April 2025, modernizes the United Kingdom's approach to make it a more attractive location for research, and includes key features such as: (i) a risk-proportionate approach, including a notification scheme for lower-risk trials; (ii) a combined review process integrating ethics committee and regulatory approvals into a single, streamlined pathway; (iii) enhanced transparency requirements mandating registration of clinical trials in a public registry and publication of trial results within 12 months of trial completion (with scope for deferrals in certain circumstances); (iv) greater flexibility 25 Table of Contents to support innovation in clinical trial design; and (v) measures to promote patient and public involvement. The amendments will become applicable on April 28, 2026 following a one-year transition period. Marketing authorizations in the UK are governed by the Human Medicines Regulations (SI 2012/1916), as amended. To obtain a UK MA to commercialize products in the UK, an applicant must be established in the UK and must follow one of the UK national authorization procedures or one of the remaining post-Brexit international cooperation procedures. Applications are governed by the Human Medicines Regulations (SI 2012/1916) and are made electronically through the MHRA Submissions Portal. The MHRA has introduced changes to national licensing procedures, including procedures to prioritize access to new medicines that will benefit patients, a 150-day assessment (subject to clock-stops) and a rolling review procedure. The rolling-review procedure permits the separate or joint submission of quality, non-clinical, and clinical data to the MHRA which can be reviewed on a rolling basis. After an application under the rolling-review procedure has been validated, the decision should be received within 100 days (subject to clock-stops). In addition, since January 1, 2024, the MHRA may rely on the International Recognition Procedure (“IRP”), when reviewing certain types of MAAs. Pursuant to the IRP, the MHRA will take into account the expertise and decision-making of trusted regulatory partners (e.g., the regulatory in Australia, Canada, Switzerland, Singapore, Japan, the United States and the EU). The MHRA will conduct a targeted assessment of IRP applications but retain the authority to reject applications if the evidence provided is considered insufficiently robust. The IRP allows medicinal products approved by such trusted regulatory partners that meet certain criteria to undergo a fast-tracked MHRA review to obtain and/or update a MA in the UK. Applications should be decided within a maximum of 60 days if there are no major objections identified that cannot be resolved within such 60-day period and the approval from the trusted regulatory partner selected has been granted within the previous two years or if there are such major objections identified or such approval hasn’t been granted within the previous two years within 110 days. Applicants can submit initial MAAs to the IRP, but the procedure can also be used throughout the lifecycle of a product for post-authorization procedures including line extensions, variations and renewals. Japanese Regulation Manufacturers and sellers of drugs, quasi-drugs, cosmetics, medical devices and regenerative medical products (“Designated Products”) in Japan are subject to the supervision of Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (“MHLW”) primarily under the Act on Securing Quality, Efficacy and Safety of Pharmaceuticals, Medical Devices, Regenerative and Cellular Therapy Products, Gene Therapy Products, and Cosmetics of Japan (“PMDA” or “PMD Act”). Under the PMD Act, the relevant licenses must be obtained from the MHLW in order to conduct the business of manufacturing, marketing or selling Designated Products. Applications for the approval of new products are made through the PMDA. The clinical trial data and other pertinent data must be attached to the application for approval. If the drugs, medical devices or regenerative medical products under application are of types designated by ministerial ordinance of the MHLW, the attached data mentioned above must be obtained in compliance with the standards established by the minister of the MHLW (“Minister”), such as the Good Laboratory Practice and the Good Clinical Practice. Once an application for approval is submitted, a review team is formed, which consists of specialized officials of the PMDA, including experts on chemistry/manufacturing, non-clinical, clinical, and biostatistics. Team evaluation results are passed to the PMDA’s external experts, who then report back to the PMDA. After a further team evaluation, a report is provided to the Minister; the Minister makes a final determination for approval and refers this to the Council on Drugs and Foods Sanitation, which then advises the MHLW on final approvability. Marketing and distribution approvals require a review to determine whether or not the product in the application is suitable as a drug to be manufactured and distributed with which a manufacturing and distribution business license for the type of drug concerned has been obtained, and to confirm that the product has been manufactured in a plant compliant with the GMP. Once the MHLW has approved the application, the company can make the new drug available for physicians to prescribe. After that, the MHLW lists its National Health Insurance price within 60 days (or 90 days at the latest) from the approval, and physicians can obtain reimbursement. For some medications, the MHLW requires additional post marketing studies (Phase 4) to further evaluate safety and/or to gather information concerning the quality, efficacy, and safety of the product under specified conditions, in addition to post marketing surveillance including Early Post-marketing Phase Vigilance 26 Table of Contents (“EPPV”) based on the RMP for all new medications. The MHLW also requires the drug’s sponsor to submit periodic safety update reports. Within three months from the specified re-examination period, which is designated at the time of the approval of the application for the new product, the company must submit a re-examination application to enable the drug’s quality, efficacy, and safety to be reassessed against approved labeling by the PMDA. The PMD Act also provides for special regulations applicable to drugs, quasi-drugs, cosmetics and medical devices made of biological

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials are located in India and in Taiwan. We are in the process of implementing a redundant supply chain for envu API, drug product and critical raw material. For all our product candidates, we intend to identify and qualify redundant manufacturers to provide the API and drug product and prior to submission of the NDA to the FDA and/or a marketing authorization application to the European Medicines Agency (“EMA”) and/or other health authorities. envu and A-005 are compounds of low molecular weight, generally called small molecules. Envu can be manufactured in reliable and reproducible processes from readily available starting materials. A-005 has been produced in small quantities to support our preclinical studies and is currently being manufactured at larger quantities for clinical testing. The chemistries for envu and A-005 are amenable to scale-up and do not require unusual equipment in the manufacturing process. Additional contract manufacturers are used to package, label, and distribute investigational drug products. This strategy allows us to maintain a more efficient infrastructure, avoid depending on our own manufacturing facility and equipment while simultaneously enabling us to focus our expertise on developing our products. We expect to continue to develop product candidates that can be produced cost-effectively at contract manufacturing facilities. Competition The biopharmaceutical industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our potential competitors include large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies and generic drug companies. Many of our potential competitors have greater financial and technical human resources than we do, as well as equal or greater experience in the discovery and development of product candidates, obtaining FDA and other regulatory approvals of products and the commercialization of those products. Accordingly, our potential competitors may be more successful than us in achieving regulatory approvals and commercializing their drugs. We anticipate that we will face intense and increasing competition from existing, approved drugs, as well as new drugs entering the market and emerging technologies that become available. Finally, the development of new treatment methods for the diseases we are targeting could render our product candidates non-competitive or obsolete. We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of our product candidates, if approved, will be efficacy, safety, tolerability profile, convenience of dosing, price and coverage by governmental and third-party payors. We are currently developing envu for the treatment of PsO and SLE, with multiple other potential indications to follow. Other emerging and established life sciences companies have been focused on similar therapeutics. If approved, envu would compete with several currently approved or late-stage oral clinical therapeutics in each such indication as well as other drugs used to treat such patients. Our second TYK2 product candidate, A-005, is a highly differentiated CNS-penetrant allosteric TYK2 inhibitor that has a potential application in MS and other neuroinflammatory diseases. In MS, there are a large number of therapies available for the treatment of relapsing forms of MS, including interferon beta regulators, monoclonal antibodies, synthetic immunomodulatory drugs, and S1P receptor modulators. Coverage and Reimbursement Successful sales of approved drug products in the U.S. market will depend, in part, on the extent to which such drugs will be covered by third-party payors, such as government health programs or private health insurance (including managed care plans). Patients who are provided with prescriptions as part of their medical treatment generally rely on such third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their prescriptions and therefore adequate coverage and reimbursement from such third-party payors are critical to new and ongoing product acceptance. Coverage and 15 Table of Contents reimbursement policies for drug products can differ significantly from payor to payor as there is no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products among third-party payors in the United States. There may be significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement as the process of determining coverage and reimbursement is often time consuming and costly. Further, third-party payors are increasingly reducing reimbursements for medical drugs and services and implementing measures to control utilization of drugs (such as requiring prior authorization for coverage). Additionally, the containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state and foreign governments, and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. The U.S. government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic drugs. For example, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) imposes rebates on many Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D products to penalize price increases that outpace inflation on an annual basis. HHS has also been empowered to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs that have been on the market for at least seven years and biologics that have been on the market for at least 11 years covered under Medicare as part of the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Each year up to 20 products will be selected by HHS for the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Products subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program are expected to experience a significant reduction in reimbursement from the Medicare program on a per unit basis. Adoption or expansion of price controls and cost-containment measures could further limit manufacturers’ net revenue and results. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for a manufacturer’s drug products or a decision by a third-party payor to not cover its drug products could have a material adverse effect on the manufacturer’s sales, results of operations and financial condition. General legislative cost control measures may also affect reimbursement for drug products. Manufacturers that obtain approval to market a drug candidate in the United States may be subject to spending reductions affecting Medicare, Medicaid or other publicly funded or subsidized health programs and/or any significant taxes or fees. Government Regulation Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries and jurisdictions extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and import and export of pharmaceutical products. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries and jurisdictions, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations and other regulatory authorities, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. U.S. Drug and Biologic Development Process In the United States, pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (“FDCA”) and its implementing regulations. Biologics are additionally subject to the Public Health Service Act and its implementing regulations. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: ● completion of nonclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in accordance with Good Laboratory Practice regulations (“GLPs”) and other applicable regulations; ● submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug (“IND”) application, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; ● approval by an independent institutional review board (“IRB”) or ethics committee at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; ● performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with Good Clinical Practice regulations (“GCPs”) to evaluate the safety and efficacy of the drug for its intended use; 16 Table of Contents ● submission to the FDA of an NDA or Biologics License Application (“BLA”); ● a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of the NDA or BLA to file the submission for review; ● satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product is produced to assess compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practice (“cGMP”) requirements to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve its identity, strength, quality and purity, and of inspection of selected clinical investigation sites to assess compliance with GCPs; and ● FDA review and approval of the NDA or BLA to permit commercial marketing of the product for particular indications for use in the United States. Nonclinical tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the nonclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements, including GLPs, where applicable. The results of nonclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls (“CMC”), and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term preclinical tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the trial on clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations; (ii) in compliance with GCPs, which are standards meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators and monitors; as well as (iii) under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on U.S. patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. The FDA may order the temporary, or permanent, discontinuation of a clinical trial at any time, or impose other sanctions, if it believes that the clinical trial either is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. The study protocol and informed consent information for patients in clinical trials must also be submitted to an IRB for approval before a clinical trial commences at the relevant institution. An IRB may also require the clinical trial at the site to be halted, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB’s requirements, or may impose other conditions on the conduct of the study. Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In Phase 1, the initial introduction of the investigational product into healthy subjects or patients, safety, dosage tolerance, metabolism, pharmacokinetics, pharmacological actions, side effects and, if possible, to early evidence on effectiveness are assessed. Phase 2 usually involves trials in a limited patient population with the specified disease or conditions to evaluate the effectiveness of the investigational product for a particular indication, to determine optimal dose and regimen, and to identify common AEs and safety risks. If preliminary evidence of effectiveness and an acceptable safety profile is obtained in Phase 2 evaluations, Phase 3 trials are conducted. Phase 3 trials are undertaken to obtain additional information about clinical efficacy and safety in an expanded patient population, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the investigational product and to provide adequate information for labeling. In most cases, the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of a product. A single Phase 3 trial may be sufficient (1) where the study is a large, multicenter trial demonstrating internal consistency and a statistically very persuasive finding of a clinically meaningful effect on mortality, irreversible morbidity or prevention of a disease with a potentially serious outcome and confirmation of the result in a second trial would be practically or ethically impossible or (2) when the single trial is supported by confirmatory evidence. Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 studies, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These 17 Table of Contents trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials as a condition of approval of an NDA or BLA. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the product and finalize a process for manufacturing the product in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMPs. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches and, among other things, the manufacturer must develop methods for testing the identity, strength, quality and purity of the finished product. In addition, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the product does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. U.S. Review and Approval Process After completion of the required clinical testing, the sponsor prepares and submits an NDA or BLA to the FDA. FDA approval of the application is required before marketing and distribution of the product may begin in the United States. The application must include, among other information, the results of all nonclinical, clinical, and other testing along with descriptions of the manufacturing process, analytical tests conducted on the product, and proposed labeling. The cost of preparing and submitting an application is substantial. The submission of most applications is additionally subject to a substantial user fee. Under an approved NDA or BLA, the applicant is also subject to an annual program fee. These fees are typically increased annually. The FDA has 60 days from its receipt of an NDA or BLA to determine whether the application will be filed based on the FDA’s threshold determination that it is sufficiently complete to permit substantive review. Once the submission is filed, the FDA begins an in-depth review. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act, as amended (“PDUFA”), the FDA has agreed to certain performance goals. The FDA’s goal is to review and act on applications granted Standard Review within ten months of the date the FDA files the application. For applications granted a Priority Review, the FDA’s goal is to review the application within six months from the date the FDA files the application. The FDA may extend its PDUFA goal date for reviewing both standard and priority-review applications for three additional months to allow the FDA to consider certain late-submitted information or information intended to clarify information already provided in the submission. The FDA may also refer applications for novel products, as well as those that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to an advisory committee—typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts—for review, evaluation and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally follows such recommendations. Before approving an NDA or BLA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will generally inspect the facility or the facilities at which the product is manufactured. The FDA will not approve a product unless the facility at which it is manufactured has a satisfactory cGMP compliance status. After the FDA evaluates the NDA or BLA and completes any clinical and manufacturing site inspections, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the product with prescribing information for specific indications. A complete response letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete, and the application will not be approved in its present form. A complete response letter generally outlines the deficiencies in the application and may require substantial additional testing or information that must be provided in order for the FDA to reconsider the application for approval. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA’s satisfaction in a resubmission of the application, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two or six months from the date of receipt, depending on the type of information included. As a condition of approval, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (“REMS”) to help ensure that the benefits of the product outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements to assure safe use (“ETASU”). ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring, 18 Table of Contents and the use of patient registries. The requirement for a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. Moreover, the FDA may require substantial post-approval testing and surveillance to monitor the product’s safety or efficacy. FDA Expedited Development and Review Programs The FDA has a number of programs intended to expedite the development or review of a marketing application for an investigational product. For example, the Fast Track designation program is intended to expedite or facilitate the process for developing and reviewing drug products that meet certain criteria. Specifically, investigational drugs and biologics are eligible for Fast Track designation if they are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the disease or condition. The sponsor of a Fast Track designated investigational product has opportunities for more frequent interactions with the applicable FDA review team during product development and, once an NDA or BLA is submitted, the application may be eligible for priority review. The FDA may consider for review sections of the NDA or BLA on a rolling basis before the complete application is submitted, if the sponsor provides a schedule for the submission of the sections of the application, the FDA agrees to accept sections of the application and determines that the schedule is acceptable, and the sponsor pays any required user fees upon submission of the first section of the application. A drug biologic intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition may also be eligible for Breakthrough Therapy designation to expedite its development and review. Breakthrough Therapy designation is provided if preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug or biologic, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs or biologics, may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. The designation includes all of the Fast Track program features, as well as more intensive FDA interaction and guidance beginning as early as Phase 1 and an organizational commitment to expedite the development and review of the product, including involvement of senior managers. Any drug or biologic product submitted to the FDA for approval may also be eligible for Priority Review. An NDA or BLA is eligible for Priority Review if the product is designed to treat a serious condition, and if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or efficacy compared to available therapies. The FDA will attempt to direct additional resources to the evaluation of an application designated for priority review. Fast Track designation, Breakthrough Therapy designation, and Priority Review do not change the standards for approval but may expedite the development or approval process. Even if a product candidate qualifies for one or more of these programs, the FDA may later decide that the product no longer meets the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information Sponsors of clinical trials of FDA-regulated products, including investigational drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information on ClinicalTrials.gov. Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, study sites and investigators, and other aspects of the clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration. Sponsors are also obligated to disclose the results of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to two years after the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development programs. Pediatric Information Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, NDAs, BLAs or supplements thereto must contain data to assess the safety and effectiveness of the product for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the product is determined by the FDA to be safe and effective. The FDA may grant full or partial waivers or deferrals for submission of data. A deferral may be granted for several reasons, including a finding that the product is ready for approval for use in adults before pediatric clinical trials are complete or that additional safety or effectiveness data needs to be collected before the pediatric clinical trials begin. The 19 Table of Contents FDA must send a non-compliance letter to any sponsor that fails to submit the required assessment, keep a deferral current or submit a request for approval of a pediatric formulation. The Best Pharmaceuticals for Children Act (“BPCA”) provides NDA and BLA holders a six-month extension of any exclusivity—patent or nonpatent—for a product if certain conditions are met. Conditions for exclusivity include the FDA’s determination that information relating to the use of the product in the pediatric population may produce health benefits in that population, the FDA making a “written request” for pediatric studies, and the applicant agreeing to perform, and reporting on, the requested studies within the statutory timeframe. Applications or supplements to an approved application that propose a labeling change as a result of pediatric studies conducted pursuant to the BPCA are treated as priority applications or supplements, with all of the benefits that designation confers. Post-Approval Requirements Any products manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to record-keeping, reporting of adverse experiences, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, and advertising and promotion of the product. After approval, many changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, certain manufacturing changes and additional labeling claims, are subject to further FDA review and approval. Drug and biologic manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies. Registration with the FDA subjects entities to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA, during which the FDA inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMP. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated, and, depending on the significance of the change, may require prior FDA approval before being implemented. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the areas of production and quality-control to maintain compliance with cGMP. The FDA may withdraw approval if compliance with regulatory requirements is not maintained or if problems occur after the product reaches the market. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a product, including AEs of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may result in revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information; imposition of requirements for post-market studies or clinical studies to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution restrictions or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: ● restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, complete withdrawal of the product from the market or product recalls; ● warning or untitled letters; ● clinical holds on clinical studies; ● refusal of the FDA to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of product approvals; ● product seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of products; ● consent decrees, corporate integrity agreements, debarment or exclusion from federal healthcare programs; ● mandated modification of promotional materials and labeling and the issuance of corrective information; ● the issuance of safety alerts, Dear Healthcare Provider letters, press releases and other communications containing warnings or other safety information about the product; or ● injunctions, fines or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 20 Table of Contents The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of drugs and biologics that are placed on the market. Advertising and promotion of drugs and biologics must be in compliance with the FDCA and its implementing regulations and only for the approved indications and in a manner consistent with the approved labeling. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including investigation by federal and state authorities. Foreign Drug Development Processes In addition to regulations in the United States, we are and will continue to be subject to a variety of regulations in other jurisdictions governing, among other things, clinical trials, authorization, and any commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval of a product, we must obtain the requisite approvals from regulatory authorities in foreign countries prior to the commencement of clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. Many countries outside of the United States have a process similar to that in the United States that requires the submission of a clinical trial application (“CTA”) much like the IND prior to the commencement of human clinical trials. Although in countries outside of the EU, such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from country to country in all cases, the clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with GCP and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If we or our potential collaborators fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be subject to, among other things, fines, suspension, variation or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating restrictions and criminal prosecution. Clinical Trials in the EU Similarly to the United States, the various phases of non-clinical and clinical research in the EU are subject to significant regulatory controls. In the EU, clinical trials are governed by the Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 (the “CTR”), which entered into application on January 31, 2022, repealing and replacing the former Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20 (the “CTD”). The CTR is intended to harmonize and streamline CTA, simplify adverse-event reporting procedures, improve the supervision of clinical trials and increase transparency. Specifically, the regulation, which is directly applicable in all EU member states, introduces a streamlined application procedure through a single-entry point, the “EU portal”; the Clinical Trials Information System (“CTIS”); a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application; as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors. A harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications for clinical trials has been introduced and is divided into two parts. Part I assessment is led by the competent authorities of a reference member state selected by the trial sponsor and relates to clinical trial aspects that are considered to be scientifically harmonized across EU member states. This assessment is then submitted to the competent authorities of all concerned member states in which the trial is to be conducted for their review. Part II is assessed separately by the competent authorities and ethics committees in each concerned EU member state, i.e., all EU member states in which a clinical trial is to be conducted. Individual EU member states retain the power to authorize the conduct of clinical trials on their territory. The CTR foresaw a three-year transition period that ended on January 31, 2025. Since this date, all new or ongoing trials are subject to the provisions of the CTR. Medicinal products used in clinical trials must be manufactured in accordance with the guidelines on GMP and in a GMP certified facility, which is subject to GMP inspections. Review and Approval Process of Medicinal Products in the EU 21 Table of Contents In the EU, medicinal products can only be commercialized after a related marketing authorization (“MA”) has been granted. To obtain an MA for a medicinal product in the EU, an applicant must submit a Marketing Authorization Application (“MAA”), either in accordance with a centralized procedure administered by the EMA, or one of the procedures administered by the competent authorities of EU member states (decentralized procedure, national procedure or mutual recognition procedure). An MA may be granted only to an applicant established in the EU. A successful application in accordance with the centralized procedure results in the grant of a single MA by the European Commission that is valid throughout the EU. Pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 726/2004, the centralized procedure is compulsory for specific products, including for (i) medicinal products derived from biotechnological processes, (ii) products designated as orphan medicinal products, (iii) advanced therapy medicinal products (“ATMPs”), and (iv) products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of HIV/AIDS, cancer, neurodegenerative diseases, diabetes, auto-immune and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. For products with a new active substance indicated for the treatment of other diseases and products that are highly innovative or for which a centralized process is in the interest of patients, authorization through the centralized procedure is optional on related approval. In accordance with the centralized procedure, the EMA’s Committee for Medicinal Products for Human Use (the “CHMP”), conducts the initial assessment of an application for authorization of a medicinal product. The CHMP is also responsible for several post-authorization and maintenance activities, such as the assessment of variations or extensions to an existing MA. The maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA under the centralized procedure is 210 days, excluding clock stops during which additional information or written or oral explanations are provided by the applicant in response to questions of the CHMP. Accelerated assessment may be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases, when a medicinal product that targets an unmet medical need is expected to be of major interest from the point of view of public health and, in particular, from the viewpoint of therapeutic innovation. If the CHMP accepts a request for accelerated assessment, the time limit of 210 days will be reduced to 150 days (excluding clock stops). The CHMP can, however, revert to the standard time limit for the centralized procedure if it considers that it is no longer appropriate to conduct an accelerated assessment. Unlike the centralized authorization procedure, the decentralized MA procedure requires a separate application to, and leads to separate approval by, the competent authorities of each EU member state in which the product is to be marketed. This application is identical to the application that would be submitted to the EMA for authorization through the centralized procedure. The reference EU member state prepares a draft assessment and drafts of the related materials within 120 days after receipt of a valid MAA. The resulting assessment report is submitted to the concerned EU member states who, within 90 days of receipt, must decide whether to approve the assessment report and related materials. If a concerned EU member state cannot approve the assessment report and related materials due to concerns relating to a potential serious risk to public health, disputed elements may be referred to the Heads of Medicines Agencies’ Coordination Group for Mutual Recognition and Decentralized Procedures — Human (“CMDh”) for review. The subsequent decision of the European Commission is binding on all EU member states. The mutual recognition procedure allows companies that have a medicinal product already authorized in one EU member state to apply for this authorization to be recognized by the competent authorities in other EU member states. Like the decentralized procedure, the mutual recognition procedure is based on the acceptance by the competent authorities of the EU member states of the MA granted in relation to a medicinal product by the competent authorities of other EU member states. The holder of a national MA may submit an application to the competent authority of an EU member state requesting that this authority recognize the MA delivered by the competent authority of another EU member state. An MA has, in principle, an initial validity of five years. The MA may be renewed after five years on the basis of a re-evaluation of the risk-benefit balance by the EMA or by the competent authority of the EU member state in which the original MA was granted. To support the application, the MA holder must provide the EMA or the competent authority with a consolidated version of the Common Technical Document providing up-to-date data concerning the quality, safety and efficacy of the product, including all variations introduced since the MA was granted, at least nine months before the MA ceases to be valid. The European Commission or the competent authorities of the EU member states may decide on justified grounds relating to pharmacovigilance, to proceed with one further five-year renewal period for the MA. Once subsequently definitively renewed, the MA shall be valid for an unlimited period. Any authorization which is not followed by the actual placing of the medicinal product on the EU market (for a centralized MA) or on the market of the authorizing 22 Table of Contents EU member state within three years after authorization ceases to be valid (the so-called sunset clause) unless, in justified circumstances, authorization is extended. Innovative products that target an unmet medical need and are expected to be of major public health interest may be eligible for a number of expedited development and review programs, such as the PRIority MEdicines (“PRIME”) scheme, which provides incentives similar to the breakthrough therapy designation in the U.S. PRIME is a voluntary scheme aimed at enhancing the EMA’s support for the development of medicinal products that target unmet medical needs. Eligible products must target conditions for which there is an unmet medical need; i.e., where there is no satisfactory method of diagnosis, prevention or treatment in the EU or, if there is, the new medicinal product will bring a major therapeutic advantage. The products must demonstrate the potential to address the unmet medical need by introducing new methods of therapy or improving existing ones. Benefits accrue to sponsors of product candidates with PRIME designation, including but not limited to, early and proactive regulatory dialogue with the EMA, frequent discussions on clinical trial designs and other development program elements, and potentially accelerated MAA assessment once a dossier has been submitted. In the EU, a “conditional” MA may be granted in cases where all the required safety and efficacy data are not yet available. The European Commission may grant a conditional MA for a medicinal product if it is demonstrated that all of the following criteria are met: (i) the benefit-risk balance of the medicinal product is positive; (ii) it is likely that the applicant will be able to provide comprehensive data post-authorization; (iii) the medicinal product fulfils an unmet medical need; and (iv) the benefit of the immediate availability to patients of the medicinal product is greater than the risk inherent in the fact that additional data are still required. The conditional MA is subject to conditions to be fulfilled for generating the missing data or ensuring increased safety measures. It is valid for one year and must be renewed annually until all related conditions have been fulfilled. Once any pending studies are provided, the conditional MA can be converted into a standard MA. However, if the conditions are not fulfilled within the timeframe set by the EMA and approved by the European Commission, the MA will cease to be renewed. An MA may also be granted “under exceptional circumstances” where the applicant can show that it is unable to provide comprehensive data on efficacy and safety under normal conditions of use even after the product has been authorized and subject to specific procedures being introduced. These circumstances may arise in particular when the intended indications are very rare and, in the state of scientific knowledge at that time, it is not possible to provide comprehensive information, or when generating data may be contrary to generally accepted ethical principles. Like a conditional MA, an MA granted in exceptional circumstances is reserved to medicinal products intended to be authorized for treatment of rare diseases or unmet medical needs for which the applicant does not hold a complete data set that is required for the grant of a standard MA. However, unlike the conditional MA, an applicant for authorization in exceptional circumstances is not subsequently required to provide the missing data. Although the MA “under exceptional circumstances” is granted definitively, the risk-benefit balance of the medicinal product is reviewed annually, and the MA will be withdrawn if the risk-benefit ratio is no longer favorable. Pediatric Development in the EU In the EU, Regulation (EC) No 1901/2006 provides that all MAAs for new medicinal products must include the results of trials conducted in the pediatric population, in compliance with a pediatric investigation plan (“PIP”) agreed with the EMA’s Pediatric Committee (“PDCO”). The PIP sets out the timing and measures proposed to generate data to support a pediatric indication of the medicinal product for which MA is being sought. The PDCO can grant a deferral of the obligation to implement some or all of the measures provided in the PIP until there are sufficient data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the product in adults. Further, the obligation to provide pediatric clinical trial data can be waived by the PDCO when these data are not needed or appropriate because the product is likely to be ineffective or unsafe in children, the disease or condition for which the product is intended occurs only in adult populations, or when the product does not represent a significant therapeutic benefit over existing treatments for pediatric patients. Once the MA is obtained in all EU member states and study results are included in the product information, even when negative, the product is eligible for a six-month extension to the Supplementary Protection Certificate (“SPC”), if any is in effect at the time of authorization or, in the case of orphan medicinal products, a two-year extension of orphan market exclusivity. Data and Market Exclusivity in the EU 23 Table of Contents The EU provides opportunities for data and market exclusivity related to MAs. Upon receipt of an MA, innovative medicinal products (i.e., reference products) are generally entitled to benefit from eight years of data exclusivity and an additional two years of market exclusivity. Data exclusivity, if granted, prevents generic and biosimilar applicants from relying on the preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic or biosimilar MA in the EU during a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. The market exclusivity period prevents a successful generic or biosimilar applicant from commercializing its product in the EU until ten years have elapsed from the initial MA of the reference product in the EU. The overall ten-year period may, occasionally, be extended for a further year to a maximum of 11 years if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the MA holder obtains an authorization for one or more new therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical benefit in comparison with existing therapies. However, there is no guarantee that a product will be considered by the EU’s regulatory authorities to be a new chemical/biological entity, and products may not qualify for data exclusivity. In the EU, there is a special regime for biosimilars, or biological medicinal products that are similar to a reference medicinal product but that do not meet the definition of a generic medicinal product. For such products, the results of appropriate preclinical or clinical trials must be provided in support of an application for MA. Guidelines from the EMA detail the type of quantity of supplementary data to be provided for different types of biological product. Manufacturing Regulation in the EU In addition to an MA, various other requirements apply to the manufacture and placing on the EU market of medicinal products. The manufacture of medicinal products in the EU requires a manufacturing authorization. Moreover, import of medicinal products into the EU requires a manufacturing authorization allowing for import. The holder of a manufacturing authorization must comply with various requirements set out in the applicable EU laws, regulations and guidance, including GMP standards. Similarly, the distribution of medicinal products within the EU is subject to compliance with applicable EU laws, regulations and guidelines, including the requirement to hold appropriate authorizations for distribution granted by the competent authorities of EU member states. MA holders and/or manufacturing and import authorization, or MA holders and/or distribution authorization holders may be subject to civil, criminal or administrative sanctions, including suspension of manufacturing authorization, in case of non-compliance with the EU or EU member states’ requirements applicable to the manufacturing of medicinal products. Post-authorization Requirements in the EU Where an MA is granted in relation to a medicinal product in the EU, the holder of the MA is required to comply with a range of regulatory requirements applicable to the manufacture, marketing, promotion and sale of medicinal products. Similar to the United States, both MA holders and manufacturers of medicinal products are subject to comprehensive regulatory oversight by the EMA, the European Commission and/or the competent regulatory authorities of the individual EU member states. The holder of an MA must establish and maintain a pharmacovigilance system and appoint an individual qualified person for pharmacovigilance who is responsible for oversight of that system. Key obligations include expedited reporting of suspected serious adverse reactions and submission of periodic safety update reports (“PSURs”). All new MAAs must include a risk management plan (“RMP”), describing the risk management system that the company will put in place and documenting measures to prevent or minimize the risks associated with the product. The regulatory authorities may also impose specific obligations as a condition of the MA. Such risk minimization measures or post-authorization obligations may include additional safety monitoring, more frequent submission of PSURs, or the conduct of additional clinical trials or post-authorization safety studies. In the EU, the advertising and promotion of medicinal products are subject to both EU and EU member states’ laws governing promotion of medicinal products, interactions with physicians and other healthcare professionals, misleading and comparative advertising and unfair commercial practices. General requirements for advertising and promotion of medicinal products, such as direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription medicinal products are established in EU law. However, the details are governed by regulations in individual EU member states and can differ from one country to another. For example, applicable laws require that promotional materials and advertising in relation to medicinal products comply with the product’s Summary of Product Characteristics (“SmPC”), which may require approval by the competent 24 Table of Contents national authorities in connection with an MA. The SmPC is the document that provides information to physicians and other healthcare professionals concerning the safe and effective use of the product. Promotional activity that does not comply with the SmPC is considered off-label and is prohibited in the EU. The aforementioned EU rules are generally applicable in the European Economic Area (which is comprised of the 27 EU member states plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). Failure to comply with EU and member state laws that apply to the conduct of clinical trials, manufacturing approval, MA of medicinal products and marketing of such products, both before and after grant of the MA, manufacturing of pharmaceutical products, statutory health insurance, bribery and anti-corruption or with other applicable regulatory requirements may result in administrative, civil or criminal penalties. These penalties could include delays or refusal to authorize the conduct of clinical trials, or to grant MA, product withdrawals and recalls, product seizures, suspension, withdrawal or variation of the MA, total or partial suspension of production, distribution, manufacturing or clinical trials, operating restrictions, injunctions, suspension of licenses, fines and criminal penalties. Pricing, Coverage and Reimbursement in the EU In the EU, pricing and reimbursement schemes vary widely from country to country. Some EU member states may approve a specific price for a product, or they may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the product on the market. Other EU member states allow companies to fix their own prices for products but monitor and control prescription volumes and issue guidance to physicians to limit prescriptions. In addition, some EU member states may require the completion of additional studies that compare the cost-effectiveness of a particular medicinal product candidate to currently available therapies. This Health Technology Assessment (“HTA”), process is the procedure according to which the assessment of the public health impact, therapeutic impact and the economic and societal impact of use of a given medicinal product in the national healthcare systems of the individual country is conducted. The outcome of HTA regarding specific medicinal products will often influence the pricing and reimbursement status granted to these medicinal products by the competent authorities of individual EU member states. On January 12, 2025, Regulation No 2021/2282 on Health Technology Assessment (the “HTA Regulation”) entered into application through a phase implementation. The Regulation initially applies to new active substances for oncology and ATMPs. It will be expanded to orphan medicinal products in January 2028, and to all centrally authorized medicinal products as of 2030. Select high-risk medical devices also came into scope in 2026. The Regulation is intended to boost cooperation among EU member states in assessing health technologies, including new medicinal products, and establishes the framework for EU level joint clinical assessments, joint scientific consultations, and the early identification of emerging health technologies. The HTA Regulation is intended to harmonize the clinical benefit assessment of HTA across the EU. The Regulation permits EU Member States to use common tools, methodologies, and procedures and requires them to rely on EU-level joint clinical assessment reports for the clinical components of their national HTA evaluations. Individual EU Member States will continue to be responsible for assessing non-clinical (e.g., economic, social, ethical) aspects of health technologies, and making decisions on pricing and reimbursement. UK Regulation The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (“MHRA”) is the United Kingdom’s standalone regulator for medicinal products and medical devices. ​ While the UK regulatory framework in relation to clinical trials was historically based on the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) Regulations 2004, which implemented the former EU Clinical Trials Directive, this has been significantly reformed by the Medicines for Human Use (Clinical Trials) (Amendment) Regulations 2024. The new legislation, which was adopted in April 2025, modernizes the United Kingdom's approach to make it a more attractive location for research, and includes key features such as: (i) a risk-proportionate approach, including a notification scheme for lower-risk trials; (ii) a combined review process integrating ethics committee and regulatory approvals into a single, streamlined pathway; (iii) enhanced transparency requirements mandating registration of clinical trials in a public registry and publication of trial results within 12 months of trial completion (with scope for deferrals in certain circumstances); (iv) greater flexibility 25 Table of Contents to support innovation in clinical trial design; and (v) measures to promote patient and public involvement. The amendments will become applicable on April 28, 2026 following a one-year transition period. Marketing authorizations in the UK are governed by the Human Medicines Regulations (SI 2012/1916), as amended. To obtain a UK MA to commercialize products in the UK, an applicant must be established in the UK and must follow one of the UK national authorization procedures or one of the remaining post-Brexit international cooperation procedures. Applications are governed by the Human Medicines Regulations (SI 2012/1916) and are made electronically through the MHRA Submissions Portal. The MHRA has introduced changes to national licensing procedures, including procedures to prioritize access to new medicines that will benefit patients, a 150-day assessment (subject to clock-stops) and a rolling review procedure. The rolling-review procedure permits the separate or joint submission of quality, non-clinical, and clinical data to the MHRA which can be reviewed on a rolling basis. After an application under the rolling-review procedure has been validated, the decision should be received within 100 days (subject to clock-stops). In addition, since January 1, 2024, the MHRA may rely on the International Recognition Procedure (“IRP”), when reviewing certain types of MAAs. Pursuant to the IRP, the MHRA will take into account the expertise and decision-making of trusted regulatory partners (e.g., the regulatory in Australia, Canada, Switzerland, Singapore, Japan, the United States and the EU). The MHRA will conduct a targeted assessment of IRP applications but retain the authority to reject applications if the evidence provided is considered insufficiently robust. The IRP allows medicinal products approved by such trusted regulatory partners that meet certain criteria to undergo a fast-tracked MHRA review to obtain and/or update a MA in the UK. Applications should be decided within a maximum of 60 days if there are no major objections identified that cannot be resolved within such 60-day period and the approval from the trusted regulatory partner selected has been granted within the previous two years or if there are such major objections identified or such approval hasn’t been granted within the previous two years within 110 days. Applicants can submit initial MAAs to the IRP, but the procedure can also be used throughout the lifecycle of a product for post-authorization procedures including line extensions, variations and renewals. Japanese Regulation Manufacturers and sellers of drugs, quasi-drugs, cosmetics, medical devices and regenerative medical products (“Designated Products”) in Japan are subject to the supervision of Japan’s Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (“MHLW”) primarily under the Act on Securing Quality, Efficacy and Safety of Pharmaceuticals, Medical Devices, Regenerative and Cellular Therapy Products, Gene Therapy Products, and Cosmetics of Japan (“PMDA” or “PMD Act”). Under the PMD Act, the relevant licenses must be obtained from the MHLW in order to conduct the business of manufacturing, marketing or selling Designated Products. Applications for the approval of new products are made through the PMDA. The clinical trial data and other pertinent data must be attached to the application for approval. If the drugs, medical devices or regenerative medical products under application are of types designated by ministerial ordinance of the MHLW, the attached data mentioned above must be obtained in compliance with the standards established by the minister of the MHLW (“Minister”), such as the Good Laboratory Practice and the Good Clinical Practice. Once an application for approval is submitted, a review team is formed, which consists of specialized officials of the PMDA, including experts on chemistry/manufacturing, non-clinical, clinical, and biostatistics. Team evaluation results are passed to the PMDA’s external experts, who then report back to the PMDA. After a further team evaluation, a report is provided to the Minister; the Minister makes a final determination for approval and refers this to the Council on Drugs and Foods Sanitation, which then advises the MHLW on final approvability. Marketing and distribution approvals require a review to determine whether or not the product in the application is suitable as a drug to be manufactured and distributed with which a manufacturing and distribution business license for the type of drug concerned has been obtained, and to confirm that the product has been manufactured in a plant compliant with the GMP. Once the MHLW has approved the application, the company can make the new drug available for physicians to prescribe. After that, the MHLW lists its National Health Insurance price within 60 days (or 90 days at the latest) from the approval, and physicians can obtain reimbursement. For some medications, the MHLW requires additional post marketing studies (Phase 4) to further evaluate safety and/or to gather information concerning the quality, efficacy, and safety of the product under specified conditions, in addition to post marketing surveillance including Early Post-marketing Phase Vigilance 26 Table of Contents (“EPPV”) based on the RMP for all new medications. The MHLW also requires the drug’s sponsor to submit periodic safety update reports. Within three months from the specified re-examination period, which is designated at the time of the approval of the application for the new product, the company must submit a re-examination application to enable the drug’s quality, efficacy, and safety to be reassessed against approved labeling by the PMDA. The PMD Act also provides for special regulations applicable to drugs, quasi-drugs, cosmetics and medical devices made of biological raw materials. These regulations impose various obligations on manufacturers and other persons in relation to manufacturing facilities, explanation to patients, labeling on products, record-keeping and reporting to the Minister. Under the PMD Act, the Minister may take various measures to supervise manufacturing and marketing license holders of Designated Products. The Minister has the authority to order manufacturing and marketing license holders to temporarily suspend the marketing, leasing or providing of the Designated Products to prevent risks or increases in risks to the public health. Also, the Minister may revoke a license or approval granted to a manufacturing and marketing license holder or order a temporary business suspension under certain limited circumstances such as violation of laws relating to drugs. The Hatch-Waxman Amendments Orange Book Listing Under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, commonly referred to as the Hatch Waxman Amendments, NDA applicants are required to identify to FDA each patent whose claims cover the applicant’s drug or approved method of using the drug. Upon approval of a drug, the applicant must update its listing of patents to the NDA in timely fashion and each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn, be cited by potential generic competitors in support of approval of an abbreviated new drug application (“ANDA”). An ANDA provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active ingredient(s), strength, route of administration and dosage form as the listed drug and has been shown through bioequivalence testing to be therapeutically equivalent to the listed drug. An approved ANDA product is considered to be therapeutically equivalent to the listed drug. Other than the requirement for bioequivalence testing, ANDA applicants are not required to conduct, or submit results of, preclinical or clinical tests to prove the safety or effectiveness of their drug product. Drugs approved under the ANDA pathway are commonly referred to as “generic equivalents” to the listed drug and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the original listed drug pursuant to each state’s laws on drug substitution. The ANDA applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents identified for the reference listed drug in the Orange Book. Specifically, the applicant must certify to each patent in one of the following ways: (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product. A certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved product’s listed patents, or that such patents are invalid, is called a Paragraph IV certification. For patents listed that claim an approved method of use, under certain circumstances the ANDA applicant may also elect to submit a section viii statement certifying that its proposed ANDA label does not contain (or carves out) any language regarding the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents through a Paragraph IV certification, the ANDA application will not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA, the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA-holder and patentee(s) once the ANDA has been received by the FDA for review (referred to as the “notice letter”). The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice letter. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45 days of the receipt of a Paragraph IV certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months from the date the notice letter is received, expiration of the patent, the date of a settlement order or consent decree signed and entered by the court stating that the patent that is the subject of the certification is invalid or not infringed, or a decision in the patent case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant. 27 Table of Contents The ANDA application also will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired. In some instances, an ANDA applicant may receive approval prior to expiration of certain non-patent exclusivity if the applicant seeks, and FDA permits, the omission of such exclusivity-protected information from the ANDA prescribing information. Hatch-Waxman Exclusivity Market exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can delay the submission or the approval of certain marketing applications. For example, upon NDA approval of a new chemical entity (“NCE”), which is a drug that contains no active moiety that has been approved by FDA in any other NDA, that drug receives five years of non-patent data exclusivity during which FDA cannot receive (1) any ANDA seeking approval of a generic version of that drug or (2) an NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA (505(b)(2) NDA) by another company for another drug based on the same active moiety, regardless of whether the drug is intended for the same indication as the original innovative drug or for another indication. However, an ANDA or a 505(b)(2) NDA may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement to one of the patents listed with the FDA by the innovator NDA holder (i.e., a Paragraph IV certification). The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example new indications, dosages or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the modification for which the drug received approval on the basis of the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs or 505(b)(2) NDAs for drugs containing the active moiety for any other indication or condition of use. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct, or obtain a right of reference to, all of the nonclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. Patent Term Extension The Hatch Waxman Amendments permit a patent term extension as compensation for patent term lost during the FDA regulatory review process. Patent term extension, however, cannot extend the remaining term of a patent beyond a total of 14 years from the product’s approval date. After NDA approval, owners of relevant drug patents may apply for the extension. The allowable patent term extension is calculated as half of the drug’s testing phase (the time between IND application and NDA submission) and all of the review phase (the time between NDA submission and approval) up to a maximum of five years. The time can be reduced for any time FDA determines that the applicant did not pursue approval with due diligence. The United States Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”) in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for any patent term extension or restoration. However, the USPTO may not grant an extension because of, for example, failing to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory review process, failing to apply within applicable deadlines, failing to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise failing to satisfy applicable requirements. Moreover, the applicable time period or the scope of patent protection afforded could be less than requested. The total patent term after the extension may not exceed 14 years, and only one patent can be extended. The application for the extension must be submitted prior to the expiration of the patent, and for patents that might expire during the application phase, the patent owner may request an interim patent extension. An interim patent extension increases the patent term by one year and may be renewed up to four times. For each interim patent extension granted, the post-approval patent extension is reduced by one year. The director of the USPTO must determine that approval of the drug covered by the patent for which a patent extension is being sought is likely. Interim patent extensions are not available for a drug for which an NDA has not been submitted. Other U.S. Regulatory Matters Manufacturing, sales, promotion and other activities following drug approval are also subject to regulation by numerous 28 Table of Contents regulatory authorities in addition to the FDA, including, in the United States, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”), other divisions of HHS, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety & Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency and state and local governments. The failure to comply with regulatory requirements subjects manufacturers to possible legal or regulatory action. Data Privacy and Security Laws Numerous state, federal and foreign laws, regulations and standards govern the collection, use, access to, confidentiality and security of health-related and other personal information. In the United States, numerous federal and state laws and regulations, including data breach notification laws, health information privacy and security laws and consumer protection laws and regulations govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of health-related and other personal information. For example, the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 (“HITECH”) and their respective implementing regulations, impose privacy, security and breach notification obligations on certain health care providers, health plans, and health care clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as their business associates that perform certain services that involve creating, receiving, maintaining or transmitting individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of such covered entities. Entities that are found to be in violation of HIPAA may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative fines and penalties, and/or additional reporting and oversight obligations if required to enter into a resolution agreement and corrective action plan with HHS to settle allegations of HIPAA non-compliance. Further, entities that knowingly obtain, use, or disclose individually identifiable health information maintained by a HIPAA covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA may be subject to criminal penalties. In addition, certain state laws govern the privacy and security of personal information, including health-related information, in certain circumstances. Failure to comply with these laws, where applicable, can result in the imposition of significant civil and/or criminal penalties and private litigation. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) imposes certain data privacy obligations for covered companies and provides certain privacy rights to California residents. Other states have also enacted, proposed, or are considering proposing, data privacy laws. In addition, certain foreign laws govern the privacy and security of personal information, including health-related information. Privacy and security laws, regulations, and other obligations are constantly evolving, may conflict with each other to complicate compliance efforts, and can result in investigations, proceedings, or actions that lead to significant civil and/or criminal penalties and restrictions on data processing. Other U.S. Healthcare Laws Pharmaceutical manufacturers are subject to numerous federal and state laws and regulations including, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, fraud and abuse, false claims and transparency laws, such as the following: ● federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibit, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully offering, soliciting, receiving or providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, to induce either the referral of an individual, for an item or service or the purchasing or ordering of a good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; ● federal false claims laws, including the False Claim Act and the Civil Monetary Penalties Law, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, information or claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payers that are false or fraudulent. In addition, a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act; ● HIPAA, which, in addition to the privacy, security, and breach notification obligations described above, also prohibits, among other things, executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program (including private health plans) or making false statements relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation; 29 Table of Contents ● the FDCA, which among other things, strictly regulates drug product and medical device marketing, prohibits manufacturers from marketing such products prior to approval or for off-label use and regulates the distribution of samples; ● federal laws that require pharmaceutical manufacturers to report certain calculated product prices to the government or provide certain discounts or rebates to government authorities or private entities, often as a condition of reimbursement under government healthcare programs; ● the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children’s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the CMS information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and ● state law equivalents of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payer, including private insurers, state transparency laws, and state laws limiting interactions between pharmaceutical manufacturers and members of the healthcare industry, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, and often are not preempted by HIPAA. Violations of such laws may result in significant penalties, including criminal, civil and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, diminished profits and future earnings, and the curtailment or restructuring of operations. U.S. Healthcare Reform The U.S. government, state legislatures, and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs to limit the growth of government-paid healthcare costs, including price-controls, restrictions on reimbursement, and requirements for substitution of generic products for branded prescription drugs. For example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act (collectively, the “ACA”) was passed which substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both the government and private insurers and continues to significantly impact the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. Since its enactment, there have been amendments and judicial, Congressional and executive branch challenges to certain aspects of the ACA. For example, on July 4, 2025, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (the “OBBBA”) was signed into law, which narrowed access to ACA marketplace exchange enrollment and declined to extend the ACA enhanced advanced premium tax credits that expired at the end of 2025, which, among other provisions in the law, are anticipated to reduce the number of Americans with health insurance. The OBBBA also is expected to reduce Medicaid spending and enrollment by implementing work requirements for some beneficiaries, capping state-directed payments, reducing federal funding, and limiting provider taxes used to fund the program. Congress is considering proposed legislation intended to further reduce healthcare costs with alternatives to replace the expired ACA subsidies. We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that the U.S. federal government will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our product candidates or additional pricing pressures. The current administration is pursuing policies to reduce regulations and expenditures across government agencies including at HHS, the FDA, CMS and related agencies. These actions, presently directed by executive orders or memoranda from the Office of Management and Budget, may propose policy changes that create additional uncertainty for our business. For example, the current administration has announced agreements with several pharmaceutical companies that require the drug manufacturers to offer, through a direct-to-consumer platform, U.S. patients and Medicaid programs prescription drug Most-Favored Nation pricing equal to or lower than those paid in other developed nations, with additional mandates for direct-to-patient discounts and repatriation of foreign revenues. Other recent actions, for 30 Table of Contents example, include (1) directing agencies to reduce agency workforce and cut programs; (2) directing HHS and other agencies to lower prescription drug costs through a variety of initiatives, including by establishing Most-Favored-Nation pricing for pharmaceutical products and launching an online clearinghouse, referred to as TrumpRx, for patients to purchase certain products from manufacturers on a cash pay basis; (3) ongoing trade tensions between the United States and other jurisdictions that have resulted in multiple rounds of tariffs and potential tariffs affecting pharmaceutical products; and (4) as part of the Make America Healthy Again Commission’s Strategy Report released in September 2025, working across government agencies to increase enforcement on direct-to-consumer pharmaceutical advertising. Additionally, the current administration recently called on Congress to enact “The Great Healthcare Plan,” to codify and expand Most-Favored Nation pricing, lower government subsidies to private insurance companies, increase healthcare price transparency, expand pharmaceutical drugs available for over-the-counter purchase, and enact restrictions on pharmacy benefit manager payment methodologies, among other things. These actions and policies may significantly reduce U.S. drug prices, potentially impacting manufacturers’ global pricing strategies and profitability, while increasing their operational costs and compliance risks. In June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court’s Loper Bright decision greatly reduced judicial deference to regulatory agencies, which could increase successful legal challenges to federal regulations affecting our operations. Congress may introduce and ultimately pass health care related legislation that could, among other things, impact the drug approval process and make changes to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access, and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Employees and Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025, we employed 221 full-time and 3 part-time employees, consisting of clinical, scientific, development, regulatory, finance, legal and operational personnel. We also retain independent contractors to support certain organizational needs. None of our employees is subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We consider our relationship with our employees to be good. We recognize that our culture is central to the productivity, agility, scalability and competitiveness of our operation, and is essential to our success. We are clear and consistent in our company values and we communicate and support an employee value proposition. Our proposition is centered with unique and impactful professional development opportunities within an environment of inclusive representation and diverse thinking as a unifying force and business differentiator. Our employees are critical to our long-term success and are essential to helping us meet our goals. Among other things, we support and incentivize our employees in the following ways: ● Talent development, compensation and retention: Our human capital resources objectives include, as applicable, identifying, recruiting, retaining, incentivizing and integrating our existing and additional employees. The principal purposes of our equity incentive plans are to attract, retain and motivate selected employees, consultants and directors through the granting of stock-based compensation awards. ● Health and safety: We support the health and safety of our employees by providing comprehensive insurance benefits, an employee assistance program, company-paid holidays, a personal time-off program and other additional benefits which are intended to assist employees to manage their well-being. ● Inclusion and diversity workplace: We are committed to an inclusive and diverse workplace because we believe that fostering an inclusive work environment with a team of employees having wide-ranging backgrounds, experiences, perspectives and skillsets enhances our corporate culture and is key to our long-term success . Item 1A.

