TICKER: AMRZ
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. • High energy and fuel costs have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our operating results. • The development and introduction of new products and technologies, or the failure to do so, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. • We operate in a highly competitive industry with numerous players employing different competitive strategies and if we do not compete effectively, our revenues, market share and results of operations may be adversely affected. • We may not be able to successfully integrate or realize the expected benefits from any acquisitions or joint ventures. • The loss of, a significant decline in business with, or pricing pressures from, one or more of our key customers or distributors could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. • If we fail to accurately forecast project budgets and timelines, or if we deliver projects that do not meet contracted standards, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. • We could be adversely affected by any significant or prolonged disruption to our production facilities. • Our business is capital intensive, resulting in significant fixed and semi-fixed costs. Therefore, our earnings are sensitive to changes in volume. Risks Relating to Regulatory and Legal Matters • We are subject to the laws and regulations of the countries where we operate and do business and non-compliance, any material changes in such laws and regulations and/or any significant delays in assessing the impact and/or adapting to such changes in laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. • We or our third-party suppliers may fail to maintain, obtain or renew or may experience material delays in obtaining requisite governmental or other approvals, licenses and permits for the conduct of our business. • We are subject to litigation proceedings, including, but not limited to, government investigations relating to antitrust and other proceedings, that could harm our business and our reputation. 10 Amrize Ltd • Our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. • We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, antitrust, anti-boycott, economic sanctions, trade embargoes and export control laws and regulations in the countries in which we do business. Any violation of any such laws or regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as harm our reputation. • We operate in multiple tax jurisdictions. Changes in tax law or its application in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or successful challenges to our tax positions by tax authorities, could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. Risks Relating to the Ownership of Company Shares • The market price and trading volume of the Company Shares may fluctuate significantly. • We cannot guarantee the timing, amount or payment of dividends on Company Shares. • Dividends on Company Shares may subject our shareholders to Swiss withholding tax. • The price of Company Shares and the Swiss franc value of any dividends may be negatively affected by fluctuations in the U.S. dollar/Swiss franc exchange rate. • Swiss law imposes certain restrictions on our ability to repurchase our shares. • Our Articles of Association contain an exclusive forum provision that could limit a shareholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the shareholder believes is favorable for such disputes and may discourage lawsuits against us and any of our directors, officers or other employees. Risks Relating to the Spin-Off • We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the Spin-Off, and the Spin-Off may adversely impact our business. • The non-recurring and recurring costs of the Spin-Off may be greater than we expected. • We have limited history operating as an independent, publicly traded company, and our financial information is not necessarily representative of the results that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly traded company, and therefore may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. • If we are unable to implement and maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of Company Shares could be adversely affected. • We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, debt obligations that could adversely affect our business, profitability and our ability to meet obligations. Risks Relating to our Business and Industry Economic conditions, including inflation, have affected and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Global economic conditions have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. In recent years, inflation has reached record highs in the United States and Canada, driven mainly by supply chain issues (including input shortages, labor constraints and rising commodity prices), an excess demand for goods and services and a significant increase in energy and food prices, in part due to geopolitical events. High inflation can deteriorate global economic conditions and cause a rise in the costs of manufacturing our products, as well as an increase in related expenses, such as freight related expenses. High inflation can also increase our costs of capital. Inflation and its related effects could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. See “High energy and fuel costs have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our operating results” for information on how energy and fuel costs affect the costs of manufacturing our products and related expenses. In recent years, central banks worldwide have increased interest rates in an attempt to reduce persistent inflation, anchor inflation expectations and, in many cases, protect their own currencies from potential depreciation and market turmoil. Energy or food price shocks could cause inflation to persist despite these efforts. If higher interest rates or other efforts to curb inflation fail to reduce inflation in the short term, central banks may be inclined to keep interest rates higher for longer, potentially causing deep damage to their economies (affecting the investment capacity of consumers and enterprises and damaging the purchasing power of consumers due to higher loan payments, 11 Amrize Ltd causing governments to issue debt), enlarging and deepening a potential recession in many of the markets where we operate. In addition to inflation, potential causes of deterioration in global economic conditions include worsening geopolitical relations, pandemics or epidemics, cyber-attacks involving critical infrastructure, decreased trade and capital flows, social unrest and adverse climate shocks. In general, demand for our products is strongly correlated to levels of construction activity, as well as private and public infrastructure spending. Declines in the construction industry are usually correlated with declines in general economic conditions. As a result, the deterioration of global economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We are affected by the level of demand in the construction industry. Demand for our construction products and materials is directly related to the level of activity in the construction industry, which includes residential, commercial and infrastructure construction. Although our products are essential to commercial and residential construction, any decrease in demand for such construction projects could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our products are also used in a variety of public infrastructure projects that are funded and financed by federal, state and local governments, including public construction projects and projects to build, expand and repair roads and highways. Infrastructure spending may be adversely affected by several factors. For instance, under U.S. law, annual funding levels for highways are subject to yearly appropriation reviews. The uncertainties associated with these reviews or other factors, including changing government priorities, fiscal constraints, delays in project approvals and shifts in political leadership, could result in states being reluctant to undertake large multi-year highway projects. In addition, disruptions in federal funding due to government shutdowns, sequestration measures or debt ceiling negotiations could further delay or reduce infrastructure investment. In general, there can be no assurance as to the amount and timing of appropriations for spending on federal, state or local projects. Any decrease in the amount of government funds available for such projects could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We and our customers participate in cyclical industries and regional markets, which are subject to industry downturns. A majority of our revenues is from customers who are in industries and businesses that are cyclical in nature and subject to changes in general economic conditions. For example, many of our customers operate in the construction industry, which is affected by a variety of factors, such as general economic conditions, changes in interest rates, inflationary pressures, fluctuations in raw material costs, supply chain disruptions, demographic and population shifts, levels of infrastructure spending and other factors beyond our control. Such factors may materially impair the ability of current and/or prospective customers to obtain credit. In addition, since our operations are in a variety of geographic markets within the Amrize territories, our business may be impacted by differing economic conditions in a particular geographic market within the Amrize territories. Our business may suffer as a result of worsening economic conditions. Economic downturns in the industries to which we sell our products or localized downturns in the regions where we sell our products, particularly in North America, generally have an adverse effect on demand for our products and negatively affect our ability to collect receivables. In general, any downturns in these industries or regions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. While demand for certain of our Building Envelope products is driven by R&R activities (such as re-roofing) which are less likely to be postponed during periods of recession or slower economic growth, economic downturns may have a stronger impact on new construction, which could have a material impact on demand for our Building Materials products. Changes in the cost and/or availability of raw materials required to run our business, including related supply chain disruptions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our cement, ready-mix and aggregates businesses, as well as our trading operations, depend on a reliable supply of mineral resources, such as aggregates, sand and limestone, as well as mineral additives such as slag and fly ash. Our Building Envelope segment requires a different set of raw materials, with a large dependency on petroleum-based products, chemicals, resins, asphalt, glass fiber, granules and other commodities. While we try to secure our needed supply of such materials, products or resources through long-term renewable contracts, those contracts may not be sufficient to meet our needs, or we may be unable to renew or replace existing contracts when they expire or are terminated in the future. If our suppliers 12 Amrize Ltd are not able to deliver to us the contractual quantities because of volatile shipping or trade situations, or if laws and/or regulations limit our access to these materials, products, reserves or resources, sourcing costs for these materials could increase significantly or require us to find alternative sources for these materials. Our focus on sustainable sourcing practices may also limit the pool of qualified suppliers from which we may choose to source, as we prioritize contractors that respect decent working conditions, protect the environment and observe human rights standards. If our existing suppliers are unable to satisfy our demand, and we are unable to secure supply elsewhere, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. Further, although we generally maintain our own reserves of limestone, aggregates and other materials that we use to manufacture our products, costs of such resources could increase and we may be unable to find alternative suppliers at more reasonable costs, if at all. Our ability to find and develop quality reserves and accurately calculate and report our reserve estimates depend upon geological interpretation and statistical inferences or assumptions drawn from drilling and sampling analyses, which are subject to inherent uncertainties. If any of these estimates prove to be inaccurate, our operations and financial condition could be materially adversely impacted. High energy and fuel costs have had and may continue to have a material adverse effect on our operating results. Energy, including diesel fuel, natural gas, electricity, coal, petroleum coke and liquid asphalt represent an important part of our cost structure. The price and availability of energy and fuel are generally subject to market volatility and inflation, and have had, and may continue to have, an adverse impact on our costs and operating results. If third-party suppliers fail to provide to us the required amounts of energy or fuel under existing agreements, we may need to acquire energy or fuel at an increased cost from other suppliers to fulfill contractual commitments with third parties or for use in our operations. Governments have introduced and may continue to introduce or tighten clean energy obligations or impose excise taxes and carbon emission caps. For example, Canada, where we produce cement, has a cap-and-trade system, which imposes a dollar/ carbon tax applied directly to oil and gas emissions. Any new carbon emission caps or taxes, or any tightening of existing caps, could increase our energy costs and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our commitment to transition to and increase the use of alternative energy sources and fuels may limit our flexibility to use energy sources and fuels that may be more cost-effective and require us to incur more in capital expenditures and investments than we currently have planned. However, if our efforts to increase our use of alternative fuels are unsuccessful, due to their limited availability, price volatility or otherwise, we would be required to use traditional fuels, which may be more expensive at any given time and increase our energy and fuel costs. Further, use of traditional fuels may subject us to increased governmental scrutiny and regulations. Any of this could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. The development and introduction of new products and technologies, or the failure to do so, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Materials such as plastic, aluminum, ceramics, glass, wood and steel can be used in construction as a substitute for cement, ready-mix concrete or aggregates. In addition, the integration of new technologies in the construction industry, such as 3D printing, mini-mills and mobile plants, could adversely impact the demand and price for our existing products. Research aimed at developing new construction techniques and modern materials and digitalizing the construction industry may result in the introduction of new products and technologies that could reduce the demand for and prices of our products. While we strive to introduce new products or products with non-traditional compositions, and to develop and market new construction techniques and technologies, our efforts to introduce new products and develop construction techniques and technologies may be unsuccessful or unprofitable, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We may also from time to time pursue opportunities which are natural extensions of our existing core businesses and which allow us to take advantage of our core competencies, existing infrastructure and customer relationships. Our likelihood of success in pursuing and realizing these opportunities must be considered in light of the expenses, difficulties and delays frequently encountered in connection with the early phases of business development or product line expansion, including the difficulties involved in obtaining permits; planning and constructing new facilities; transporting and storing products; establishing, maintaining or expanding customer relationships; as well as navigating the regulatory environment in which 13 Amrize Ltd we operate. We may not be successful in the pursuits and realization of such opportunities, and any resulting investment losses or impairments could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations. We operate in a highly competitive industry with numerous players employing different competitive strategies and if we do not compete effectively, our revenues, market share and results of operations may be adversely affected. The industry in which we operate is highly competitive and are served by numerous companies with recognized brand names, as well as new entrants and increasing imports. Companies in this industry compete based on a variety of factors. For example, we generally compete based on quality, value proposition, capacity, price, customer service, delivery time and proximity to the customer. In certain regions in which we compete, some of our competitors may be more established, benefit from greater brand recognition or have greater manufacturing and distribution channels and other resources than we do or offer a better customer experience than we do. In addition, if our competitors were to combine, or if our competitors individually acquire operations from one another, they may be able to compete more effectively with us. In addition, if our competitors were to dispose of assets to new entrants, asset optimization by buyers of the disposed assets could result in an operational cost advantage. As a result, if we are not able to compete effectively, we may lose market share and our revenues could decline or grow at a slower rate and our business and results of operations would be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Activities in our business can be hazardous and can cause injury to people or damage to property in certain circumstances. Most of our production facilities, as well as mineral extraction locations, require individuals to work with chemicals and other hazardous substances, equipment and other materials that have the potential to cause fatalities, harm and injury. An accident or injury that occurs at our facilities could result in disruptions to our business and operations and could have legal and regulatory, as well as reputational, consequences. Such injuries, as well as any liabilities related thereto, could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. Additionally, cement production raises a number of health and safety risks, which could expose us to possible liability claims for personal injury or property damage, including due to alleged design or manufacturing defects in our products. Some of our aggregates products contain and some of our construction and material processing operations release particles that may directly or indirectly lead to personal injury, and we may face claims related to exposure to these products or substances, which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. Other health and safety risks related to our business include burns arising from contact with hot cement kiln dust or dust on preheater systems; noise, including from chutes and hoppers, milling plants, exhaust fans and blowers; the potential for dioxin formation if chlorine-containing alternative fuels are introduced into kilns; plant cleaning and maintenance activities involving working at elevated heights or in confined or other awkward locations, and the storage and handling of coal, pet coke and certain alternative fuels, which, in their finely ground state, can pose a risk of fire or explosion; and health hazards associated with operating ready- mix concrete trucks. We may also be exposed to liability resulting from injuries or fatalities involving third-party service providers, such as drivers for our suppliers when delivering products or services to us. While we actively seek to minimize the risk posed by these issues, personal injury claims may be made and substantial damages awarded against us, which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Additionally, we may also be required to change our operational practices, which may require material capital expenditure. We could face claims related to product liability, workers’ compensation, automotive liability and general liability and we may not have sufficient insurance to cover those claims. We are subject to a broad range of liability risks, including claims related to product liability, workers’ compensation, automotive liability, general liability, and other claims. Our products are used in a variety of residential, commercial, and infrastructure applications, which exposes us to potential claims alleging product defects, improper installation, or inadequate warnings. Such claims may result in personal injury, property damage, or other losses, and can have a significant impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 14 Amrize Ltd In addition to product liability, our employees work in environments where workplace injuries may occur, subjecting us to workers’ compensation claims that can be unpredictable in both frequency and severity. We also operate vehicles and require employees to drive as part of their job responsibilities, which exposes us to automotive liability risks, including claims arising from accidents resulting in bodily injury or property damage. Our business activities further expose us to general liability risks, such as premises liability and third-party injuries occurring at our facilities or in connection with our operations. While we maintain insurance coverage for many of these risks, there is no assurance that such coverage will be adequate to cover all claims or that we will be able to obtain or maintain such coverage at reasonable costs in the future. Insurance policies may have limitations, exclusions, or may not cover certain types of claims. Furthermore, adverse developments in the insurance market could result in increased premiums or reduced availability of coverage. Any liability not covered by insurance or that exceeds our established reserves could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may face warranty claims if customers are not satisfied with the performance of our Building Envelope products. We provide standard warranties on many of our products within the Building Envelope segment. Standard warranty terms range from one year to limited lifetime coverage. We also offer extended warranty contracts on sales of certain products within the Building Envelope segment, including extended warranties generally ranging from five to 30 years on many of our roofing systems. We may experience costs of warranty claims when our products are not performing to the satisfaction of the customer even though they have not caused harm to others or property. We have received and may in the future receive notices of claims arising from such warranties. We estimate our future warranty costs based on historical trends and product sales, but we may fail to accurately estimate those costs. Warranty claims are not insurable, and any increase in warranty claims relative to historical levels could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Our portfolio of products, and in particular our Building Envelope portfolio, has grown largely through acquisitions, and there is no assurance that we will be able to continue to acquire additional products to support future growth. In prior years, we have been able to increase the size and scope of our product offerings in large part through acquisitions from third parties. For example, in 2023, we completed the acquisition of Duro-Last, a manufacturer of polyvinyl chloride (“PVC”) roofing systems, and in 2022 we acquired Malarkey, a residential roofing company. Companies producing building materials at scale in the United States and Canada typically become available for purchase only infrequently, and often only in connection with a merger, acquisition or corporate reorganization or refinancing. When companies become available for purchase, the process is often highly competitive, which tends to result in relatively high valuations for the target company. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to identify appropriate acquisition candidates or acquire new products at values that we consider reasonable. We may not be able to successfully integrate or realize the expected benefits from any acquisitions or joint ventures. Strategic acquisitions are a core part of our growth strategy, and we expect to acquire new operations and enter into joint ventures or investments and integrate such operations or assets into our existing operations in the future. We may not be successful in identifying or acquiring suitable assets in the future, and we may not be able to acquire assets or enter into joint ventures on favorable terms or at all. Acquisitions, joint ventures or investments may have a material impact on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our ability to realize the expected benefits from any acquisitions, joint ventures, investments or partnerships depends, in large part, on our ability to integrate acquired operations with our existing operations in a timely and effective manner or our ability to properly manage, together with our partners, any joint venture, partnership or other business where we hold an interest. These efforts may not be successful. In particular, we may not be able to retain key employees of the companies we acquire, we may not identify all material issues in the course of our due diligence and we may fail to achieve any anticipated cost savings from any acquisitions, joint ventures or investments. Failure to realize the expected benefits from such acquisitions or joint ventures, if at all made, may cause us to not achieve certain of our strategic goals and, in turn, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 15 Amrize Ltd The loss of, a significant decline in business with, or pricing pressures from, one or more of our key customers or distributors could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We operate in several niche areas within our Building Envelope segment in which a significant portion of our revenues are attributable to a few large distributors. A significant reduction in purchases by one or more of these distributors could have an adverse effect on the performance of our Building Envelope segment. Some of our key customers enjoy significant purchasing power that may be used to exert pricing pressure on us. Additionally, as many of our products are purchased as part of a long supply chain to the ultimate consumer, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected if one or more key customers or distributors elects to in-source or find alternative suppliers for any of the products that we currently provide. Our operations and ability to source products and materials can be affected by adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Construction activity, and thus demand for our products, has historically substantially decreased during periods of cold weather, or generally in any rainy and snowy weather. Consequently, demand for our products has historically been significantly lower during the winter or raining and snowing seasons in the United States and Canada. Generally, winter weather significantly reduces our first quarter sales volumes, and to a lesser extent our fourth quarter sales volumes. Sales volumes in these regions generally increase during the second and third quarters because of normally better weather conditions and thus our ability to source materials, and our customers’ ability to utilize these materials for construction activity. However, high levels of rainfall and/or snow can also adversely affect our operations during these periods, as well as our access to products and materials used in our operations. In addition, natural disasters, such as severe droughts, hurricanes, snowstorms, tornadoes and other such weather phenomena have had, and in the future could have, a negative impact on our sales volumes, which could also have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our operations in the southeastern United States are particularly exposed to hurricanes and similar weather events. Severe weather conditions could increase our costs. In general, decreases in sales volumes because of weather events or natural disasters are usually counterbalanced by the increase in the demand for our products during the reconstruction phase after such events, unless any of our operating units or facilities are impacted by the natural disaster, or if our access to our sources of raw materials and the general supply chain is also affected. Such adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, the severity and frequency of which may be exacerbated by climate change, can have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations if they occur with unusual intensity, during abnormal periods, or last longer than usual, or if they cause scarcity and increases in the cost of the products we need to run our business, especially during peak construction periods. If we fail to accurately forecast project budgets and timelines, or if we deliver projects that do not meet contracted standards, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Construction projects are complex endeavors, with each project posing a unique set of requirements, challenges and variables. A substantial portion of our revenues is derived from projects that involve multiple parties, years and/or products. The confluence of geographical conditions, regulatory environments and fluctuating costs of raw materials can introduce uncertainties that complicate the process of demand estimation for our products. While we employ sophisticated forecasting models and consider historical data to predict project needs with the highest possible accuracy, the inherent variability of project specifications and external market conditions means that there is always a risk of deviation from our projections. An incorrect forecast of the quantity or type of products required for a particular project can lead to either a surplus or a shortage, each carrying its own set of financial implications. A surplus may result in increased inventory holding costs and potential write-downs if the product remains unsold, while a shortage could lead to project delays, contractual penalties or the loss of future business opportunities due to an inability to meet customer demand in a timely manner. 16 Amrize Ltd We could be adversely affected by any significant or prolonged disruption to our production facilities. Any prolonged and/or significant disruption to our production facilities, whether due to repair, maintenance or servicing, governmental or administrative actions, regulatory issues, civil unrest, industrial accidents, unavailability or excessively high cost of raw materials such as energy to the point of making it inefficient to run our production facilities, mechanical equipment failure, human error, cyber-attack to our systems, public health threat or other reasons, could adversely affect our operations. Additionally, any major or sustained disruptions in the supply of utilities such as water, gas or electricity or any fire, flood, earthquake, hurricane, volcanic eruption, landslide, blizzard or other natural calamities or communal unrest or acts of terrorism may disrupt our operations or damage our production facilities or inventories and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We typically shut down our facilities to undertake maintenance and repair work at scheduled intervals. Although we schedule shutdowns such that not all our facilities are shut down at the same time, the unexpected shutdown or closure of any facility or the unexpected prolongation for unforeseen reasons of any scheduled shutdown or temporary closure, may materially affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations from one period to another. Labor activism and unrest, rising labor rates, further unionization, work stoppages or failure by us to maintain satisfactory labor relations, could adversely affect our results of operations. Labor activism and unrest may adversely affect our operations and thereby adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. We may experience labor unrest, activism, disputes or actions in the future, including as a result of labor laws and regulations. Further, rising labor rates may lead to significant increases in our operating and administrative expenses. A significant portion of our work force i s unionized under several different unions. The unions in several of our facilities require us to negotiate the wages, benefits and other terms of employment with these employees collectively pursuant to collective bargaining agreements. Our financial results could be materially adversely affected if such labor negotiations result in substantially higher compensation costs or materially restrict how we are able to run our operations. In addition, our inability to negotiate acceptable contracts with any of these labor unions as existing collective bargaining agreements expire could result in strikes or work stoppages by the affected workers. While we do not currently expect any labor interruptions of significant duration, if our unionized employees were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage, at one or more of our major facilities, we could experience a significant disruption of our operations, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Although we are not aware of any present active union organizing drives at any of our other facilities, we cannot predict the impact of any further unionization of our workplace. Future labor disagreements could result in work stoppages. Any prolonged work stoppages at any of our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, some of our direct or indirect customers, third-party suppliers and critical transportation providers have unionized work forces. Strikes, work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by these customers, suppliers or transportation providers could cause delays in our ability to produce and deliver our products and/or result in decreased demand for our products, such as due to closures of construction sites where our products are used. In recent years, labor strikes and work stoppages have become more frequent in North America and in the United States in particular. Any interruption in our business due to a labor strike or slowdown could have a material adverse effect on us. We depend on the recruitment and retention of qualified personnel, and our failure to attract and retain such personnel could adversely affect our businesses. Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued services of, and on our ability to attract and retain, our key personnel and executive officers, including qualified management, operations, engineering, manufacturing, technical, marketing and sales, and support personnel. Competition for such personnel is intense, and we may not be successful in attracting or retaining such qualified personnel, which could negatively affect our businesses. Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and develop or recruit talent to succeed our senior management and other key positions throughout the organization. If we fail to identify and develop or recruit successors, we are at risk of being harmed by the departures of these key employees. Failure to ensure effective transfer of knowledge and smooth transitions involving key employees could hinder our strategic planning and execution and adversely affect our results of operations and prospects. 17 Amrize Ltd We are increasingly dependent on information technology and our systems and infrastructure, as well as those provided by third-party service providers, face certain risks, including cybersecurity risks. An inability to successfully maintain information technology systems and their security, as well as protect data and other confidential information, could adversely affect our business and reputation. We increasingly rely on a variety of information technology and automated operating systems to manage and support our operations, including for the processing, storage and transmission of confidential, sensitive, proprietary, personal and other types of information. The proper functioning of this technology and these systems is critical to the efficient operation and management of our business. Our systems and technologies may require modifications or upgrades as a result of technological changes, growth in our business and to enhance our business security. These changes may be costly and disruptive to our operations and could impose substantial demands on our systems and increase system outage time. See “—The transitional services Holcim has agreed to provide to us may not be sufficient for our needs. In addition, Holcim may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that will be executed as part of the Separation, which may create risks to the protection and value of our trade secrets, or we may fail to have necessary systems and services in place when Holcim is no longer obligated to provide services under the various agreements.” Our information technology systems, as well as those provided by third-party service providers, may be vulnerable to damage, disruption or intrusion, such as physical or electronic break-ins, catastrophic events, power outages, natural disasters, acts of terrorism, telecommunication and computer system malfunctions or network failures. Such information technology systems are also vulnerable to security breaches, vendor software supply chain compromises, computer viruses and cyber-attacks, including malicious codes, worms, ransomware, malware, phishing, hacking, denial of service attacks and unauthorized access. Furthermore, while we expect to further integrate digital technologies into our operations, these integration efforts and the engagement of additional technology service providers and systems in our operations could increase our exposure to these risks. To try to minimize such risks, we attempt to safeguard our systems and electronic information through a set of cybersecurity controls, processes and a proactive monitoring service designed to attend to potential breaches, but such policies and procedures may not be sufficient to avoid all damage, disruption or intrusion to our information technology systems, particularly as the sophistication of bad actors continues to evolve. In addition, we have disaster recovery plans in case of incidents that could cause major disruptions to our business. However, these measures may not be sufficient, and our systems may have in the past been, and may in the future be, subject to certain intrusions that could result in a material breach or material impact to us, including distributed denial of service attacks, unauthorized access attempts, brute force attacks and phishing. We cannot assure you that our systems will not be subject to certain intrusions, or that we will be able to promptly identify every intrusion that may occur. In a business environment that relies on complex digital networks, cybercriminals are often outpacing a company’s ability to prevent and manage cyberthreats. The digitalization of global supply chains creates new risks as we increasingly rely on technology and third- party service providers. In recent years there has been an increase in security threats, including, but not limited to, phishing and malware/ransomware campaigns and exploitation of video collaboration vulnerabilities, among other things. The techniques used by cyber criminals change frequently and may be enhanced through the use of artificial intelligence. Protecting against these threats may require significant resources, and we may not anticipate all types of security threats or implement measures that protect against all of the significant risks to our systems. In addition, we rely on a number of third-party service providers to execute certain business processes and maintain certain information technology systems and infrastructure, and any breach of security of, or failure to perform by, such service providers could impair our ability to effectively operate. Furthermore, as the number of employees working from home and from jurisdictions in which we do not have material business operations, such as Colombia, has increased, and may continue to increase, so does cyber risk due to inadequate security configurations of domestic (home) networks and use of non-corporate devices. While we have implemented additional cybersecurity technology and controls designed to reduce and mitigate the impact of such risks, we cannot assure you that intrusions will not occur. Any significant information leakages or theft of information, or any unlawful processing of or access to personal data, including in connection with activities of our applicable third-party service providers, could affect our compliance with data privacy laws in the countries in which we currently operate, or operate in the future, and make us subject to regulatory and civil actions, including substantial fines and private litigation, and could damage our relationship with our employees, customers and suppliers, which could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 18 Amrize Ltd Furthermore, while we may from time to time carry insurance coverage that, subject to its terms and conditions, is intended to address certain costs associated with cyber incidents, network failures and data privacy-related concerns, this insurance coverage may not, depending on the specific facts and circumstances surrounding an incident, cover all losses or types of claims that may arise from an incident or the damage to our reputation or brands that may result from an incident. Additionally, if the information technology systems of our third party service providers become subject to security breaches or disruptions, we may have insufficient recourse against such third parties. Accordingly, any significant disruption to our systems could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, and could also harm our reputation. Our intellectual property rights may not provide meaningful commercial protection for our products, manufacturing processes or services, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We rely on our intellectual property, including patents, trademarks, trade secrets, copyrights, confidential information, as well as intellectual property licensed from third parties, to protect and differentiate our products, manufacturing processes and services. We attempt to monitor and protect against activities that might infringe, dilute, or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights and try to rely on intellectual property laws to protect our rights. However, we may not protect our intellectual property to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, and we may be unaware of unauthorized use of our intellectual property. To the extent we cannot protect our products, manufacturing processes or services with intellectual property law protection, or are unable to enforce our intellectual property rights, unauthorized use and misuse of our intellectual property or innovations, including by Holcim, could harm our competitive position and have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the laws of some jurisdictions outside of the United States provide lesser protection for our proprietary rights, and we therefore may not be able to effectively enforce our intellectual property rights in these jurisdictions. Additionally, there can be no assurance as to the breadth or degree of protection that future intellectual property, such as patents and trademarks, may afford us, or that any pending patent or trademark applications will result in issued patents or trademark registrations, or that competitors will not develop similar or superior methods or products outside the protection of any intellectual property owned by us or licensed or sublicensed to us. Current employees, contractors and suppliers have, and former employees, contractors and suppliers may have, access to trade secrets and confidential information regarding our business that could be disclosed improperly and in breach of contract to our competitors or otherwise used to materially adversely harm us. We may be required to defend our intellectual property against infringement or against infringement claims of others. It is possible that our patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be alleged or deemed not to be valid or that infringement, misappropriation or other violation by us of patents, trademarks or other intellectual property rights of others may occur. In the event that our products, manufacturing processes or services or our names and marks, including new names and marks adopted by us in connection with the Spin- Off, are deemed to infringe upon, misappropriate or otherwise violate the patent, trademark or other proprietary rights of others, we could be required to modify the design of our products, manufacturing processes or services, change such names and marks, obtain a license for the use of certain technologies incorporated into our products, manufacturing processes or services or otherwise take appropriate action to cease any such infringement, misappropriation or other violation (including by ceasing to sell or otherwise commercially exploit affected products, names or brands). There can be no assurance that we would be able to do any of the foregoing in a timely manner, upon acceptable terms and conditions or at all, and the failure to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, enforcing or defending a patent, registered trademark or other proprietary right may require substantial financial resources and management attention, and if our products, manufacturing processes or services are deemed to infringe upon or otherwise violate the patents, trademarks or other proprietary rights of others, we could become liable for damages, which could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our insurance coverage may not cover all the risks to which we may be exposed, and unexpected factors affecting our self-insurance could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Among others, we face the risks of fatalities and injury of our employees and contractors, loss and damage to our products, property and machinery due to, among other things, public health threats, fire, theft and natural 19 Amrize Ltd disasters, and also face risks related to cybersecurity related matters. Such events may cause a disruption to, or cessation of, our operations and business. Further, we face risks of litigation for injuries or other damage as a result of our operations and the use of our products by customers and other third parties. See “—Activities in our business can be hazardous and can cause injury to people or damage to property in certain circumstances.” With respect to certain claims arising out of certain matters that occur at or prior to the Spin-Off, we may seek coverage under certain Holcim third-party insurance policies to the extent that coverage may be available thereunder. Our insurance coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and liabilities. In addition, our insurance coverage may not cover all the risks to which we may be exposed. If our losses exceed our insurance coverage, or if we are not covered by the insurance policies we have taken up, we may be liable to cover any shortfall or losses. Our insurance premiums may also increase substantially because of such claims. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. In addition to our responsibility for standard deductibles charged by our insurers, we have elected to self- insure a portion of our property, healthcare, auto, workers’ compensation, product liability, marine cargo and cyber risks. While self-insurance can provide cost savings by reducing premium expenses to third-party insurers, it exposes us to potential volatility in expense levels due to unpredictable and potentially significant claims. The lack of predictability in claims may result in substantial financial exposure, which could materially affect our financial condition and operating results. While we maintain a reserve for estimated self-insurance liabilities, if actual claims exceed these reserves, or if a catastrophic event occurs that is not fully covered by our excess insurance policies, our earnings and cash flows could be adversely impacted. Future pandemics and epidemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our operations expose us to risks associated with pandemics, epidemics or other public health emergencies, such as the COVID-19 pandemic. Pandemics have in the past resulted and may in the future result in governments implementing strict measures to help control the spread of a virus, including quarantines, “shelter in place” and “stay at home” orders, travel restrictions, business curtailments, school closures and other measures. Such public health emergencies may have negative impacts on our operations, supply chain, transportation networks and customers. The extent to which a resurgence of the COVID-19 pandemic, or any variant thereof, or any other pandemic, in our primary areas of operation may impact our employees, employee productivity, business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows will depend on future developments, which remain highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including, but not limited to, the duration and geographic spread of any outbreak, its severity, the actions to contain the virus or treat its impact. Some of our products are commodities, which are subject to significant changes in supply and demand and price fluctuations. Some of the products sold by us are commodities, and competition among manufacturers is based largely on price. Prices are often subject to material changes in response to relatively minor fluctuations in supply and demand, general economic conditions and other market conditions beyond our control. Increases in the production capacity of industry participants for products such as asphalt or cement, or increases in cement imports, tend to create an oversupply of such products leading to an imbalance between supply and demand, which can have a negative impact on product prices. There can be no assurance that prices for products sold by us will not decline in the future or that such declines will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our business is capital intensive, resulting in significant fixed and semi-fixed costs. Therefore, our earnings are sensitive to changes in volume. Due to the high levels of fixed capital required to produce our products, our ability to remain profitable is dependent on achieving and maintaining strong volumes of production and sales. Any decreases in volume could have an adverse effect on our ability to raise capital in the private or public markets, our financial condition and our results of operations. In addition, our plants require significant capital expenditures to support our business. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash to maintain the property and machinery necessary to operate our business, we may be required to reduce or delay planned capital expenditures or incur additional debt, which could in turn materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Following the Spin-Off, we are no longer able to rely on the earnings, assets or cash flows of Holcim and Holcim does not provide funds to finance our working capital or other cash requirements, which may impact the interest rate charged to us on debt financings, the amounts of indebtedness, types of 20 Amrize Ltd financing structures and debt markets that may be available to us, and our ability to make payments on and to refinance any indebtedness”. Significant changes in the cost and availability of transportation and related logistical disruptions could adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and business, including our trading operations. Some of the raw materials used in our manufacturing processes, such as coal or coke, are transported to our facilities by truck, rail cars, ships, barges or tugs. In addition, transportation logistics play an important part in allowing us to supply products to our customers, whether by truck, rail or marine. Certain of our products are more difficult and costly to transport over long distances, which limits the areas typically served by our business. Significant increases in the cost of fuel or energy can result in material increases in the cost of transportation, which could materially and adversely affect our operating income. In addition, reductions in the availability of certain modes of transportation, such as rail, marine or trucking, could limit our ability to deliver products and therefore materially and adversely affect our operating income, business, financial condition and liquidity. Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may have an adverse effect on our business. Although the majority of our operations are in the United States and Canada, we have suppliers and customers across the world, and therefore face foreign exchange risks arising from various currency exposures such as the U.S. dollar and Canadian dollar. As a result, movements in exchange rates may have a negative influence on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Currency fluctuations can result in the recognition of foreign exchange losses on transactions, which are reflected in our consolidated financial statements. With regard to transaction-based foreign currency exposures, our policy is to hedge material foreign currency exposures through derivative instruments. If we are unable to manage foreign exchange risk effectively through hedging or otherwise, our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be adversely affected in the future. Our use of derivative financial instruments could negatively affect our net income and liquidity. We may use various derivative financial instruments, including interest rate swaps, foreign exchange forwards and swaps and commodity contracts, to manage our exposure to certain market risks. Our actual hedging decisions will be determined in light of the facts and circumstances existing at the time of the hedge and may differ from time to time. There is no assurance that our use of such instruments will allow us to achieve these objectives due to the inherent risks in any derivatives transaction or the risk that we may be unable to access such instruments at reasonable costs, or at all. If we enter into new derivative financial instruments, we may incur net losses and be subject to margin calls requiring a substantial amount of cash to be covered, which may reduce the funds available to us for our operations or other capital needs. In addition, as with any derivative position, we assume the creditworthiness risk of the counterparty, including the risk that the counterparty may not honor its obligations to us. Political, social and geopolitical events, possible changes in public policies and other societal risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our operations are mostly located in the United States, Canada and Jamaica. We also have employees and support operations in Colombia. We are also exposed to the circumstances prevalent in the countries from which we procure materials and in which we market our products. Political, economic, geopolitical or social developments such as elections, new governments, changes in public policy, economic circumstances, laws and/or regulations, trade policies, political agreements or disagreements, civil disturbances or a rise in violence or the perception of violence, could have a material adverse effect on global or local financial markets, and in turn on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. A change in federal or national government and the political party in control of the legislature in any of the countries where we operate could result in changes to the countries’ economic, political or social conditions, as well as changes to laws, regulations and public policies, which may contribute to economic uncertainty or adverse business conditions and could also materially impact our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. For example, a new administration may decrease infrastructure spending, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Similarly, if no political party wins a clear majority in the legislative bodies of these countries, legislative gridlock and political and economic uncertainty may continue or result. For example, gridlock in the United States could impact, among other things, the ability of the U.S. Congress to raise the U.S. government’s federal debt ceiling. 21 Amrize Ltd We expect an increase of “green” taxes in jurisdictions where we operate. Our operations may also be subject to risks such as increases in governmental royalties, as well as any laws and policies affecting foreign trade, taxation and investment. We supply and ship certain materials and goods pursuant to the North American Free Trade Agreement, now known as the U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, and may be subject to audits, assessments and penalties for non-compliance. While we maintain records to support such inquiries and confirm our compliance, we may face costs and penalties for non-compliance which may be material to our operations. Our ability to import raw materials may be affected by changes in local regulations and government policies regarding such importations. These and any other policies, laws and regulations which are further adopted could result in a deterioration of investment sentiment, political and economic uncertainty, and increased costs for our business, which may in turn have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Further, we sell to customers in countries, including in North America and Europe, where the governments have indicated a willingness to impose, and have in fact imposed, new or strengthened trade protection measures, including tariffs on imports of certain products. New or existing tariffs and other trade measures could adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Some foreign governments, including China, have instituted retaliatory measures on certain U.S. goods and indicated a willingness to impose additional tariffs. We cannot be sure that such additional tariffs will not impact our business, thereby adversely affecting our financial condition. Further conflict between the United States and China, or similar geopolitical challenges, could cause important disruptions in the global economic, financial markets and trade dynamics which could impact the markets in which we operate and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our operations and facilities are subject to risks beyond our control, including terrorist attacks and civil unrest. There may be new attacks or threats that cause any damage to our facilities, or harm our employees, including members of our Board of Directors or senior management, or lead to an economic contraction, financial markets volatility or erection of material barriers to trade. Our goodwill and intangible long-lived assets represent a substantial amount of our total assets. Significant underperformance in any of our operations in the future may give rise to a material write-down of goodwill or long-lived assets, adversely effecting on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our goodwill and long-lived intangible assets represent 44% , 45% and 47% of our total assets as of December 31, 2025 , 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, under which goodwill is not amortized but rather is tested for impairment once a year, during the fourth quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Such events and changes in circumstances may include continued economic uncertainty, lower than forecasted revenue, reduced future cash flow estimates, a sustained decline in stock price or a substantial decline in business performance. We assess goodwill for impairment at the reporting unit level, which is at the operating segment level, or one level below. If we determine that the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, then we recognize an impairment loss equal to that excess, up to the total amount of goodwill associated with that reporting unit. We also review long-lived intangible assets for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the long-lived intangible assets may not be recoverable. Such events and changes in circumstances may include significant changes in performance relative to expected operating results, significant changes in asset use, significant negative industry or economic trends and changes in our business strategy. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the long-lived asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss, if any. If the recoverable amount of a long-lived asset is determined to be less than the carrying amount, the carrying amount of the long-lived asset is reduced to its recoverable amount. The impairment assessment requires us to estimate future cash flows based on cash flow models that incorporate various significant assumptions. These significant assumptions generally include forecasted revenues, expenses, resulting EBITDA Margins (as defined in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”) and related cash flows based on assumed long-term growth rates and demand trends, future projected investments to expand our units, discount rates and terminal growth rates. The outcome of the impairment assessment could vary significantly based on the different assumptions used. Impairment losses are recognized in the statement of operations and may therefore have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 22 Amrize Ltd Risks Relating to Regulatory and Legal Matters We are subject to the laws and regulations of the countries where we operate and do business and non-compliance, any material changes in such laws and regulations and/or any significant delays in assessing the impact and/or adapting to such changes in laws and regulations may have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our operations are subject to the laws and regulations of the countries where we operate and do business, which laws and regulations (and/or governmental interpretations of such laws and regulations) are subject to change. Such changes in laws and regulations, and/or governmental interpretations of such laws and regulations, may require us to devote a significant amount of time and resources to assess and, if required, to adjust our operations to be compliant with any such changes, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. In addition, any significant delays in assessing the impact and/or adapting to changes in laws and regulations and/or governmental interpretations of such laws and regulations could result in a failure to comply with such laws and regulations, which in turn could lead to significant investigation costs, financial penalties, debarment, profit disgorgement and reputational damage. All of the aforementioned may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. We or our third-party suppliers may fail to maintain, obtain or renew or may experience material delays in obtaining requisite governmental or other approvals, licenses and permits for the conduct of our business. We and our third-party suppliers require various governmental, environmental, mining and other approvals, licenses, permits, concessions and certificates in the conduct of our business and operations of our facilities. We and our third-party suppliers may encounter significant problems in obtaining new or renewing existing approvals, licenses, permits, concessions and certificates and may need to expend significant capital to ensure we continue to satisfy the current or new conditions to such approvals, licenses, permits, concessions and certificates that we currently have or may be granted in the future. There may also be delays on the part of regulatory and administrative bodies in reviewing our applications and granting approvals which we cannot control. We make efforts to maintain good long-term relationships and continuous communication with cities and neighboring communities where we operate; however, such communities may develop interests or objectives which are different from, or even in conflict with, our objectives, which could result in legal or administrative proceedings, protests, negative media coverage, direct action or campaigns, including, but not limited to, requests for the government to revoke or deny our concessions, licenses or other permits to operate. This could delay our ability to obtain the related approvals, licenses, permits, concessions and certificates, or could result in us not being able to obtain them at all. In addition, implementation of new laws and regulations on environmental matters in the Amrize Territories or in the countries from which our third-party suppliers source the materials they deliver to us could delay our ability to obtain the related approvals, licenses, permits, concessions and certificates, or could result in us not being able to obtain them at all. If previously obtained approvals, licenses, permits and certificates are revoked and/or if we or our third-party suppliers fail to obtain and/or maintain the necessary approvals, licenses, permits, concessions and certificates required for the conduct of our business, we may be required to incur substantial costs or temporarily suspend or alter the operation of one or more of our facilities, mineral extraction locations or of any relevant component of them, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Further, title to, and the area of, mineral properties and water rights may be disputed. Mineral properties sometimes contain claims or transfer histories that examiners cannot verify. A successful claim that we do not have title to one or more of our properties or lack appropriate water rights could cause us to lose any rights to explore, develop and extract any minerals or utilize water on that property, without compensation for our prior expenditures relating to such property. Our business may suffer a material adverse effect in the event one or more of our properties are determined to have title deficiencies. In some instances, we have received access rights or easements from third parties, which allow for a more efficient operation than would exist without the access or easement. A third party could take action to suspend such access or easement, and any such action could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 23 Amrize Ltd We are subject to litigation proceedings, including, but not limited to, government investigations relating to antitrust and other proceedings, that could harm our business and our reputation. From time to time, we are and may become involved in litigation, investigations and other legal or administrative proceedings relating to claims arising from our operations or arising from violations or alleged violations of laws, regulations or acts. Investigations and litigation, and in general any legal or administrative proceedings, are subject to inherent uncertainties and unfavorable rulings may occur. Defending ourselves against such lawsuits and invitations can prove costly and divert management’s attention, which could materially adversely affect our business. Regulatory matters and legal proceedings may harm our reputation or affect our ability to conduct our business in the manner that we expect. We may incur substantial costs to settle such matters. In addition, an adverse ruling in any legal proceeding could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Our operations are subject to a broad range of environmental laws and regulations in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate. See “Business—Regulatory Matters.” These laws and regulations impose stringent environmental protection standards, which in recent years have become and in the future are expected to continue becoming, progressively stricter regarding, among other things, air emissions (including greenhouse gas emissions), land use and biodiversity, use of alternative fuels, water availability, wastewater discharges, the use and handling of hazardous waste or materials, disclosures and reporting obligations related to the use and handling of hazardous materials, and the remediation of environmental impacts from our operations. These environmental laws and regulations expose us to the risk of substantial costs and liabilities, including, among other things, taxes, higher investment in equipment and technology, administrative, civil and criminal fines and other sanctions, the payment of compensation to third parties, removal and remediation costs, business disruption and damage to reputation. Under these laws and regulations, we could also be liable for costs of investigation, damages to and loss of use of natural resources, loss of profits or impairment of earning capacity, property damages, costs of increased public services and the issuance of orders enjoining future operations. Certain environmental statutes impose strict joint and several liability for costs required to clean up and restore sites where hazardous substances or other waste products have been disposed of or otherwise released. Moreover, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property or natural resources damage allegedly caused by the release of hazardous substances or other waste products into the environment. Under certain environmental laws and regulations, liability associated with investigation or remediation of hazardous substances can arise at a broad range of properties, including properties currently or formerly owned or operated by us, as well as facilities at which any hazardous substances or wastes generated by us were sent for treatment, storage or disposal, or any areas affected while any hazardous substances or wastes were transported. Such laws and regulations may apply without regard to fault, causation or knowledge of contamination. We occasionally evaluate various alternatives with respect to our facilities, including possible dispositions or closures. Investigations undertaken in connection with these activities (or ongoing operational or construction activities) may lead to hazardous substance releases or discoveries of historical contamination that must be remediated, and closures of facilities may trigger compliance requirements that are not applicable to operating facilities. Compliance with these laws and regulations could adversely affect our operations in the future. Furthermore, we cannot assure you that existing or future circumstances or developments with respect to the impact of our operations will not require us to make significant remediation or restoration expenditures, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. The cement manufacturing process requires the combustion of large amounts of fuel and creates carbon dioxide as a by-product of the calcination process. While we expect to meet all emissions standards in the areas in which we operate, we estimate that we will continue to incur operating costs at each plant to comply and could incur penalties if we fail to comply. Further, we have in the past, and may in the future, receive notices of violations for various infractions associated with our plants. We have also in the past, and may in the future, be subject to consent decrees, which are time-consuming to litigate and costly to remediate should it be found that we in fact violated certain federal, state, provincial or other environmental laws and regulations. Such violations could require us to not only pay a fine but make certain upgrades to our facilities and equipment. Further, we may be required to obtain certain operating permits under various environmental laws and regulations, including Title V of the 24 Amrize Ltd U.S. Clean Air Act (“CAA”), which are timely, costly, difficult to obtain and may subject us to public opposition, which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we arrange certain types of environmental impairment insurance as part of our broader corporate insurance strategy, we cannot assure you that a given environmental incident will be covered by the environmental insurance we have in place, or that the amount of such insurance will be sufficient to offset the liability arising from the incident. Any such liability may be deemed to be material to us and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as our reputation. Climate change legislation or regulations, including those related to energy supply and greenhouse gas emissions, could become increasingly stringent and may adversely affect our business operations or results of operations. A number of governmental bodies have finalized, proposed, or are contemplating, legislative and regulatory changes in response to the potential effects of climate change. For example, Canada has in effect a cap-and- trade system, which imposes a dollar/carbon tax applied directly to oil and gas emissions, and has committed to reducing greenhouse gas emissions by 30% from 2005 levels by 2030. Other governments, including state level governments in the United States, have previously proposed and may in the future implement similar regulatory frameworks. These climate-related goals and regulatory frameworks subject us to taxations on our emissions, as well as increased costs in implementing “green” policies in our manufacturing processes. New enforcement initiatives may also result in the need for additional investments beyond what we had projected or expected to incur, which could result in a material decline in our profitability. Any additional regulatory restrictions on emissions of greenhouse gases imposed by rules and regulations promulgated by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (the “EPA”), the Canadian Environmental Protection Act, 1999 (the “CEPA”) or any state, provincial or other laws and regulations will likely impact our cement plants. However, it is impossible to estimate the cost of any such future requirements at this time. We may not be able to recover any increased operating costs, taxes or capital investments relating to greenhouse gas emission limits at those plants from our customers in order to remain competitive in pricing. The nature of future climate change legislation and regulation (including regulation concerning greenhouse gas emissions) is highly uncertain and difficult to estimate. However, because a chemical reaction inherent to the manufacture of Portland cement releases carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas, cement kiln operations may be disproportionately affected by future regulation of greenhouse gas emissions. Our cement plants, like those of other cement operators, require combustion of significant amounts of fuel to generate high kiln temperatures and create carbon dioxide as a product of the calcination process, which is an unavoidable step in making cement clinker. Accordingly, we continue to closely monitor environmental regulations and their potential impact on our cement business. There is also a potential for climate change legislation and regulation that adversely affects the cost of purchased energy and electricity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and liquidity. We may communicate certain initiatives and goals regarding greenhouse gas emissions and other sustainability matters in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. The initiatives and goals we undertake may be difficult and expensive to implement or may not advance at a pace sufficient to meet our goals, and we could be criticized for the scope, accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. Further, statements about our progress towards these goals may be based on standards, internal controls and processes that are still developing, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. If our data, processes and reporting are inaccurate or incomplete, or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to these goals or initiatives on a timely basis or at all, our operations and financial performance could be adversely affected. Increased attention to sustainability and social impact related matters and our response to these matters could negatively affect our business. We are subject to increasing governmental, stakeholder and societal attention to sustainability and social impact related matters, including, among other things, climate change, air emissions, waste management, water management, community engagement, human rights, labor, health and safety and information disclosure. Such attention may alter the environment in which we do business and may increase the ongoing costs of compliance, assessment and reporting and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. For example, the SEC has in the past considered and may in the future adopt new disclosure requirements related to sustainability matters, such as a requirement to disclose any climate- related risks that have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on us and describe any material expenditures incurred and material impacts on financial estimates and assumptions that result from any 25 Amrize Ltd mitigation or adaptation activities. In addition, we are required by the Swiss Code to publish an annual report regarding non-financial matters including environmental matters (including goals related to carbon dioxide emissions), social impact matters, employee-related matters, human rights and combating corruption, as well as due diligence and reporting requirements on child labor. These and other rules that may apply to us in the future could also become more extensive or stricter. Such requirements may be cumbersome to comply with and may divert funds and management’s attention from other matters. Additionally, there has been increasing scrutiny of sustainability-related claims, including frequent allegations of incomplete, false or misleading claims with respect to the sustainable nature of operations and products. Various regulators have adopted, or are considering adopting, regulations on the use of “sustainable,” “eco- friendly,” “green” or similar language in the marketing of products and services or the prevention of “greenwashing” more generally. Non-compliance with, or a failure to address, the regulatory, stakeholder and societal expectations and accompanying regulation and policy requirements (and related interpretations) may result in cost increases, fines, penalties, production restrictions, brand or reputational damage, loss of customers, failure to retain and attract talent and investor activism. Furthermore, in the past year, sentiment against sustainability and social impact related matters has gained momentum across the United States, with several states and the federal government having proposed or enacted targeted policies, legislation or initiatives or issued related legal opinions. Such policies, legislation, litigation and scrutiny could result in us facing additional compliance obligations, becoming the subject of investigations, enforcement actions or litigation, or sustaining reputational harm. All of the above could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, antitrust, anti-boycott, economic sanctions, trade embargoes and export control laws and regulations in the countries in which we do business. Any violation of any such laws or regulations could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as harm our reputation. We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, antitrust and other laws and regulations and are required to comply with the applicable laws and regulations of the countries in which we do business. In addition, we are subject to regulations on international trade that restrict dealings with certain sanctioned countries and territories, individuals and entities, including regulations administered by the United States, Canada, Switzerland and other countries in Europe in which we do business, including export control regulations, economic sanctions and trade embargoes. Although we have implemented policies and procedures, which include training certain groups of our employees, seeking compliance with anti-corruption and other applicable laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that our internal policies and procedures will be sufficient to prevent or detect all inappropriate practices, fraud or violations of law by our affiliates, employees, directors, officers, partners, agents, contractors and service providers or that any such persons will not take actions in violation of our policies and procedures. If we fail to comply in any material respect with applicable laws and regulations, the relevant government authorities have the power and authority to investigate us and, if necessary, impose fines, penalties and remedies, which could cause us to lose customers, suppliers and access to debt and capital markets. Any violations by us, or the third parties we transact with, of anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti- money laundering, antitrust, anti-boycott, economic sanctions, trade embargoes and export control laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations, as well as our reputation. We face risks associated with our pension and other postretirement benefit plan obligations, including multiemployer pension plans. We sponsor a range of defined benefit pension plans, other postretirement benefit plans and defined contribution plans in which only our employees, retirees and former employees participate. The assets and liabilities of these schemes and plans are susceptible to significant volatility based on prevailing market conditions. Our employees also participate in certain union-sponsored multiemployer pension plans to which we contribute along with other employers. We have minimal control over the management of these plans. The assets and liabilities of these plans are also susceptible to substantial deficits arising from market conditions, business decisions, trustee decisions, plan failures and the actions and decisions of other contributing employers. Any deficits in these plans may require us to make cash contributions to fund unrecoverable amounts, which could impact our results of operations. See Note 15 (Pension and other postretirement benefits) to our audited consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report . 26 Amrize Ltd We operate in multiple tax jurisdictions. Changes in tax law or its application in the jurisdictions in which we operate, or successful challenges to our tax positions by tax authorities, could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. We conduct operations in multiple tax jurisdictions. In the ordinary course of our business, certain judgments and estimations are required in determining our provision of income, sales, value-added and other taxes and duties (including but not limited to stamp duties, custom duties and excise taxes) as well as employment taxes and social security contributions. Accordingly, there may be various transactions for which the ultimate tax determination or the timing of the tax effect is uncertain. We are regularly audited, and our tax calculations and interpretation of tax laws are regularly reviewed by tax authorities. We believe that we operate in compliance with our tax filing obligations and that our tax estimates are reasonable; however, the final determination of any such tax audits or reviews could differ from our tax provisions and accruals, and any additional tax liabilities resulting from such final determination or any interest or any penalties or any regulatory, administrative or other sanctions relating thereto could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may become involved in proceedings with national or regional tax authorities that take different views on our tax positions. While we attempt to assess in advance the likelihood of adverse judgments or outcomes to these proceedings or claims, it is difficult to predict final outcomes with certainty. Adverse outcomes in any such tax proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, the integrated nature of our operations can produce conflicting claims from tax authorities in different countries as to the profits to be taxed in the individual countries (including claims of tax residence or permanent establishment). While the main jurisdictions in which we operate have double tax treaties with other foreign jurisdictions, which provide a framework for mitigating the impact of double taxation on our revenues and capital gains, efforts to resolve conflicting claims can be very lengthy and costly, without certainty that double taxation may be avoided. The tax laws of the jurisdictions in which we operate generally require that transfer prices between affiliated companies in different jurisdictions be the same as those between unrelated companies dealing at arm’s length, and that such prices be supported by contemporaneous documentation. While we aim to operate in compliance with applicable transfer pricing laws, our transfer pricing procedures are not binding on applicable tax authorities and could be challenged by tax authorities. If our intercompany transactions were to be successfully challenged as not reflecting arm’s length transactions, we could be required to adjust such transfer prices and thereby reallocate part of our income to reflect these revised transfer prices, which could result in a higher overall tax liability to us, and possibly interest and penalties. In recent years, international tax regulations and initiatives have led to increased focus on tax transparency and international exchange of information between tax authorities. In this context, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development first introduced its Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) Action Plan to address issues relating to aggressive tax planning and cross-border taxation, with a specific focus on transfer pricing. The BEPS project has been further expanded and is organized around a two-pillar approach implementing (i) a new right to tax companies regardless of physical presence in the applicable jurisdiction (Pillar One) and (ii) a global minimum effective tax rate (Pillar Two) which has been implemented in the meantime by Switzerland and by certain other jurisdictions in which we operate, such as Canada. Such taxes in Switzerland and other jurisdictions in which we operate have impacted and may continue to impact us adversely and have led to and may continue to lead to a higher tax compliance burden for us. Further, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”) includes a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax for certain large corporations and a 1% excise tax on certain share repurchases by U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations (including repurchases conducted by such foreign corporations that are treated as funded by such U.S. domestic subsidiaries for purposes of the excise tax). If we become subject to additional taxes under the IRA or otherwise, our financial condition and our operations could be negatively impacted. In general, tax reform initiatives, including with respect to tax rates, transfer pricing, intercompany dividends, cross border transactions and limitations on tax relief for interest on intercompany debt, as well as the global minimum effective tax rate under OECD Pillar Two, could increase our compliance and administrative costs and could lead to an increased risk of international and domestic tax disputes and an increase in our effective tax rate, and could adversely affect our financial condition. 27 Amrize Ltd In 2022, representatives from the governments of Switzerland and the United States announced an intention to commence negotiations regarding potential revisions to the tax treaty between Switzerland and the United States that is currently in force. Any such revisions could have potentially adverse effects on us and our U.S. shareholders, including by increasing the taxes imposed on our operations or payments made by us (including distributions) by, for example, increasing the rates of withholding taxes imposed on entities in our ownership structure (including with respect to payments made from the United States to Switzerland) or otherwise changing the manner in which a holder qualifies for the benefits of the treaty. Risks Relating to the Ownership of Company Shares The market price and trading volume of the Company Shares may fluctuate significantly. The price at which Company Shares trade may fluctuate significantly. The market price of Company Shares may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: • our business profile, market capitalization or capital allocation policies may cause a shift in our investor base; • the localization of the trading of Company Shares on either NYSE or the SIX; • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; • changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; • our ability to meet our forward looking guidance; • the operating and share price performance of other comparable companies; • overall market fluctuations and domestic and worldwide economic conditions; • regulatory or legal developments in the United States, Switzerland and other countries; • changes in tax laws; and • other factors described in these “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, SOC 1/SOC 2 report evaluations, and additional assessments where necessary. 39 Amrize Ltd We also conduct periodic external penetration tests and maturity assessments to evaluate the effectiveness of our controls and identify areas for improvement. Our incident response plan provides a structured approach to triage, contain, eradicate, recover from, and analyze cybersecurity incidents. To date, we have not experienced a cybersecurity incident that has had, or is reasonably likely to have, a material impact on our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, we recognize that cybersecurity threats are constantly evolving, and we remain vigilant in our efforts to protect our systems and data. Cybersecurity Governance Our Board of Directors is responsible for overseeing risk management, including cybersecurity. The Board has delegated primary oversight of cybersecurity risk management to the Audit Committee, which is comprised of independent directors with relevant experience. The Audit Committee receives regular updates from management, including our Chief Information Officer (“CIO”) and information security leadership, on the status of our cybersecurity program, recent developments, and any significant incidents. Our CIO , who has over 25 years of experience in information technology and cybersecurity, is responsible for the development and implementation of our information security program. The CIO is supported by a dedicated cybersecurity team, which includes internal experts and external advisors. This team is responsible for monitoring threats, managing incident response, and ensuring compliance with our policies and regulatory requirements. We also maintain an Enterprise Risk Management function , which is made up of our Chief Legal Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Information Officer, Chief People Officer, Operation Presidents and Vice President Audit and Controls, among others. This team is responsible for identifying and assessing risks, including those related to cybersecurity, and for recommending mitigation strategies. The team provides regular updates to executive management and the Audit Committee. We view cybersecurity as a shared responsibility across the organization and are committed to fostering a culture of security awareness and continuous improvement.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials required to run our business; • energy and fuel costs; • adverse weather conditions and natural disasters; • the logistical and other challenges inherent in our operations; • the actions and initiatives of current and potential competitors; • the level and volatility of, interest rates and other market indices; • the ability of Amrize to maintain satisfactory credit ratings; • the outcome of pending litigation or future litigation; • the impact of current, pending and future legislation and regulation; • factors related to the failure of Amrize to achieve some or all of the expected strategic benefits or opportunities expected from the separation from Holcim Ltd (“Holcim”); • material costs and expenses as a result of the separation from Holcim; • our limited history operating as an independent, publicly traded company; • our obligation to indemnify Holcim pursuant to the agreements entered into connection with the separation and the risk Holcim may not fulfill any obligations to indemnify Amrize under such agreements; • that under applicable tax law, Amrize may be liable for certain tax liabilities of Holcim following the separation if Holcim were to fail to pay such taxes; • the fact that Amrize may receive worse commercial terms from third-parties for services it used to receive from Holcim prior to the separation; • the fact that certain of Amrize's executive officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts of interest because of their previous positions at Holcim; and • potential difficulties in maintaining relationships with key personnel. For a discussion identifying other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in forward-looking statements, see “

