TICKER: ANNA
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain, fluctuation in price of product
inputs, and market conditions and global and economic factors beyond the Company’s control; ● the Company’s success in retaining or recruiting, or
changes required in, its officers, key employees or directors; ● the effect of legal, tax and regulatory changes; ● we may be subject to liabilities and losses that may not be
covered by insurance; and, ● the other matters described in the section titled “ Risk
Factors ” beginning on page 24. The forward-looking statements included in this Form 10-K involve risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from projected results. Accordingly, investors should not place
undue reliance on forward-looking statements as a prediction of actual results. We have based these forward-looking statements on current
expectations and assumptions about future events, taking into account all information currently known by us. While we consider these expectations
and assumptions to be reasonable, they are inherently subject to significant business, economic, competitive, regulatory and other risks
and uncertainties, many of which are difficult to predict and beyond our control. The risks and uncertainties that may affect the operations,
performance and results of our business and forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those set forth in

--- VENDORS ---
vendors on each project based upon a combination of availability,
cost-effectiveness, availability of specific equipment, and performance reputation. Examples of vendors we have used in the past and
are likely to use for future operations include: Category Vendors Drilling rigs and laborers Pergemine SpA, LP Drilling Well logging and evaluation Schlumberger, Baker Hughes Well casing, cementing and completion services Schlumberger, Halliburton, Baker Hughes, Weatherford Drill bits and downhole equipment Schlumberger, Baker Hughes Plant engineering and construction Rosetti Marino, Max Streicher, Italfluid, TESI Seismic acquisition Geofizyka Torun, Geotec, Schlumberger, Doland Geophysical Purchase of existing Seismic Eni, CGG, Fugro Seismic processing Tricon, CGG Seismic and well log interpretation software Schlumberger, S&P Global (IHS Markit), GeoSoftware Well testing Schlumberger, Dajan, Italfluid, SMAPE 22 Renewable Natural Gas We have had discussions with,
and in some cases, entered into agreements with providers of investment opportunities, project developers, commodity traders for the
supply of agricultural waste, bio-digester manufacturers, upgrading facility suppliers, and major marketing groups. Examples of vendors
we are currently engaged with include: Category Vendors Investment opportunities VLF Srl Project developers Renove Srl, MFZ Commodity traders Rivecom, HBA, Conages, Biological Care Bio-digester manufacturers Rota Srl, Micropower, Corradi e Ghisolfi, BTS Biomethane upgrading facilities Prodeval Srl, AB, Nippongases, Nordsol Marketing groups Shell Energy Europe, ENI Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025, we
had nine full-time employees and engaged seven contractors on a part-time basis, and one contractor on a full-time basis. Our workforce
is concentrated in Italy (principally in the Rome and Milan areas). The working relationship for employees in Italy is regulated by the
pertaining collective work agreement, which provides for the basic standard conditions applicable depending on the employee’s level
of seniority. In Italy, levels of welfare and social security are guaranteed. We have a seasoned leadership team with over 100 years
of cumulative experience in the conventional and renewables industry. Our employees are a key factor to our strategies, and we are committed
to maintaining a workplace free of any discrimination and to establishing appropriate measures for health and safety at work, as well
as for professional development, equal opportunities and work-life balance. Our management team places significant focus and attention
on matters concerning our human capital assets and is focused on expanding our diversity, enhancing capability development, and succession
planning. Accordingly, we regularly review employee development and succession plans for each of our functions to identify and develop
our talent pipeline. To date, we have not experienced any work stoppages and consider our relationship with our employees to be in good
standing. Corporate Information and Facilities AleAnna is a corporation incorporated
under the laws of Delaware. Our headquarters is currently in Dallas, Texas, and houses our US-based management team and certain support
individuals. Our Italian management team is housed in Rome and Milan, Italy-based offices. Our website is located at www.aleannainc.com. Leasing our facilities gives
us the flexibility to expand or reduce our office space as appropriate. We believe our current facilities are adequate for our current
operating needs, and we anticipate that we will have access to other facilities, through future contractual arrangements, for development,
testing, and production. We have completed or partially
completed production facilities for conventional natural gas at the Longanesi field (near Lugo, Italy), the Gradizza Field (near Copparo,
Italy), and the Trava Field (near Ostellato, Italy). These conventional gas facilities do not require human intervention on a 24/7 basis
and thus house no field staff. We have existing facilities and/or land under construction for renewable natural gas at the Campagnatico
plant (Tuscany) and, following a successful acquisition, we expect to begin upgrading construction on the Casalino (Fattoria Delle Jersey)
plant near Milan. Legal Proceedings We do not have any claims,
lawsuits or proceedings currently pending against us, individually or in the aggregate. However, from time to time, we may be subject
to various claims, lawsuits and other legal and administrative proceedings that may arise in the ordinary course of business. Some of
these claims, lawsuits and other proceedings may involve highly complex issues that are subject to substantial uncertainties, and could
result in damages, fines, penalties, non-monetary sanctions or relief. We recognize provisions for claims or pending litigation when
we determine that an un-favorable outcome is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. Due to the inherent uncertain
nature of litigation, the ultimate outcome or actual cost of settlement may materially vary from estimates. 23

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials (biomass) and disposal
of waste products (digestate). In facilities where we acquire a 100% working interest, we may enter into bespoke feedstock supply and
digestate disposal contracts. We aim to finance this expansion through additional
equity financing in our RNG business as well as project level debt financing. Development Plan and Permitting Longanesi
Field, Phase 1: The Production Concession has been awarded and the approved five production wells have been drilled, completed
and tested. First production was achieved in March 2025. The Company began recognizing revenue and related expenses, including depreciation
and depletion, associated with Longanesi production in the second quarter of 2025 . Gradizza Field: The discovery
well, which will act as the production well, has been completed and tested and all commitments under the Exploration Permit have been
finished. Application for the Production Concession has been made, and the required extension of the Environmental Impact Assessment
(“VIA”) has been completed and submitted for approval. Trava Field: The discovery
well, which will act as the production well, has been completed and tested and all commitments under the Exploration Permit have been
finished. Application for the Production Concession has been made, and the required VIA is being finalized for submission to the Federal
Ministry. Prior to first production there are three major authorizations that must be obtained: (i) approval of the VIA by the Federal
Ministry, (ii) authorization of the Production Concession by the Emilia Romagna Region (the “Intesa”), and (iii) authorization
of the Production Concession from the Federal Ministry. Fornace Exploration Well: The
required VIA has been completed and submitted to the Region and Federal Ministry for approval. The drilling application will be submitted
as soon as VIA approval has been obtained from both agencies. 5 Gas production activities
(both conventional natural gas and renewable natural gas) are subject to several environmental laws and regulations. The main reference
is the Consolidated Environmental Act issued by Legislative Decree 152/2006. The Renewable Natural Gas
Development Plan (the “Development Plan”) is subject to the authorization for the construction of the biomethane facility
and the production of renewable natural gas. The Development Plan is subject to environmental permitting, through Environmental Impact
Assessments. The Development of conventional
natural gas is subject to and controlled by a Federal Production Concession, which is obtained after subjecting the Development Plan
to technical, economic and environmental review; moreover, it is the subject of an agreement between the State and the regional government
for onshore activities. Industry EU Demand for Secure Energy Supply and
Growth in Renewable Natural Gas We believe the EU and Italian
energy markets are undergoing dramatic changes as a result of two factors: (1) Russian natural gas imports into the EU have declined
approximately two-thirds (from 45% of total imports to 15% of total imports) since the outbreak of the Russia-Ukraine war due to sanctions
against Russia and the cancellation of supply contracts, and (2) the shift from fossil fuels to carbon-reduced and carbon-free sources.
An immediate need to replace Russian gas with a stable, secure, long-term gas supply has induced EU member nations to focus on increasing
access to domestic sources of supply and new liquified natural gas (“LNG”) imports, and a series of technological, economic,
regulatory, social, and investor pressures are leading the drive to decarbonize energy at a greatly accelerated pace, which is being
supported by significant and long-term renewable gas incentives implemented in Italy and other EU members. The EU finds itself in a position
where reliance on conventional natural gas as a transition fuel becomes imperative for several reasons: ● Despite recent attempts in Germany, adding a significant amount
of new coal-fired power in the EU is not a viable option. Domestic coal-fired electricity generation declined to all-time lows in 2022,
and much of Europe’s imported coal is from Russia. In addition, increasing coal-fired generation would require the suspension of
EU carbon market regulations and the carbon emissions caps that all member nations have strongly endorsed; ● Similarly, we do not believe new nuclear power generation
is a viable substitute given the lengthy permitting and construction timelines associated with such projects. Long lead times make nuclear
power including attractive small nuclear reactors a multi-decade solution at best; ● Replacing Russian gas with LNG imports is very challenging,
given supply constraints, limited global liquefaction capacity, and recent moves by the US to slow or stop new LNG export projects. In
addition, the EU lacks sufficient LNG import terminals to increase intake significantly in a timely manner given the time and regulatory
delays of constructing new LNG import facilities; ● Renewable power generation suffers from three key problems: intermittency, seasonality,
and energy density. Battery technology today can only support 4-6 hours of discharge, which then requires significant and costly
capital expenditures on storage to mitigate intermittency; and ● Recent advancements in Artificial Intelligence (“AI”)
are leading to increased global power demand for data centers. The growth in European data center power demand may surpass the total
annual power demand of some EU member states. It is anticipated that a significant portion of new data center developments will be supported
by combined cycle natural gas turbine power generation. Such generation provides the steady baseload power that data centers require,
and, unlike renewable power generation, does not suffer from many of the intermittency and seasonality challenges. The potential power
generation and infrastructure demands that may emerge from AI technology may create natural gas demand and power price tightness that
could positively impact upstream natural gas prices. Renewable natural gas (biomethane)
is compositionally identical to the biogenic natural gas in the Po Valley, can be transported on the same pipeline systems, is used by
the same consumers, and offers a sustainable, low-carbon fuel that can be used to help transform the energy economy of the EU. As
a result, the EU has published very aggressive targets for biomethane development, and its member states, including Italy, are supporting
development with high biomethane floor prices and capital investment incentive programs to aid in financing AD conversions to upgrade
biogas production to biomethane. 6 Social and Environmental Preferences and
Investor Pressures The effects of climate change,
including extreme weather events, rising temperatures, and the increased health and socio-economic stability of at-risk populations,
have emphasized the need to reduce GHGs and move toward reduced carbon energy solutions. As a result, environmentally conscious policies,
initiatives, and businesses are growing in value and preference. ESG investing has accelerated
as institutional investors shift their portfolios away from carbon-intensive assets. This shift in investor sentiment has caused many
large integrated energy companies to set decarbonization strategies and diversify into different forms of carbon-free and carbon-reduced
energy. However, such large integrated energy companies often have expensive cost structures and cumbersome processes and generally lack
the agility to pursue grass-roots smaller energy transition projects being pursued by us. We believe such factors bode well for our competitive
positioning in the marketplace. We also believe sizeable integrated energy companies will look to inorganically acquire and integrate
aggregated renewables businesses in the future after more nimble companies like AleAnna have built up a larger renewable portfolio of
profitable biomethane facilities. Reserve Information Preparation of Reserve Estimates Our reserve estimates as of
December 31, 2025 and 2024 included herein are based on reports prepared by DeGolyer, our independent reserve engineer, in accordance
with generally accepted petroleum engineering and evaluation principles and definitions and guidelines established by the SEC in effect
at such time. A copy of the December 31, 2025 report is included as Exhibit 99.1 hereto. DeGolyer provides a variety of services
to the oil and gas industry, including field studies, oil and gas reserve estimations, appraisals of oil and gas properties and exploration
and development prospects and reserve reports for their clients. Proved reserves are reserves
which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data, can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from
a given date forward from known reservoirs under existing economic conditions, operating methods and government regulations prior to
the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expires, unless evidence indicates that renewal is reasonably certain. Our
proved reserves were estimated assuming a 5-year reserve life. The term “reasonable certainty” implies a high degree
of confidence that the quantities of oil or natural gas actually recovered will equal or exceed the estimate. The technical and economic
data used in the estimation of our proved reserves include, but are not limited to, well logs, geologic maps, well-test data, production
data (including flow rates), well data (including lateral lengths), historical price and cost information, and property ownership interests.
Our independent reserve engineer uses this technical data, together with standard engineering and geoscience methods, or a combination
of methods, including performance analysis, volumetric analysis, and analogy. The proved developed reserves are estimated using performance
analysis and volumetric analysis. The estimates of the proved developed reserves are used to estimate the proved undeveloped reserves
for each proved undeveloped location (utilizing type curves, statistical analysis, and analogy). Proved undeveloped drilling locations
that are more than one offset from a proved developed well utilized reliable technologies to confirm reasonable certainty. The reliable
technologies that were utilized in estimating these reserves include log data, performance data, log cross sections, seismic data, core
data, and statistical analysis. Internal Controls Our internal staff of petroleum
engineers and geoscience professionals works closely with DeGolyer to ensure the integrity, accuracy and timeliness of data furnished
to DeGolyer. Periodically, our technical team meets with DeGolyer to review properties and discuss methods and assumptions used by us
to prepare reserve estimates. 7 DeGolyer is an independent
petroleum engineering and geological services firm. The independent evaluation of reserves referenced herein has been supervised by Mr. Regnald
A. Boles, an Executive Vice President and Division Manager with DeGolyer, a Registered Professional Engineer in the State of Texas
and a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers, the Society of Petroleum Evaluation Engineers, and the European Association of Geoscientists &
Engineers. He has over 41 years of oil and gas industry experience. Reserve engineering is and must be recognized as a subjective
process of estimating volumes of economically recoverable oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. The accuracy
of any reserve estimate is a function of the quality of available data and of engineering and geological interpretation. As a result,
the estimates of different engineers often vary. In addition, the results of drilling, testing and production may justify revisions of
such estimates. Accordingly, reserve estimates often differ from the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered.
Estimates of economically recoverable oil and natural gas and of future net revenues are based on a number of variables and assumptions,
all of which may vary from actual results, including geologic interpretation, prices and future production rates and costs. For all of our properties,
our internally prepared reserve estimates and the reserve reports prepared by DeGolyer, are reviewed and approved by our Executive Director,
William K. Dirks, a greater than 40-year industry veteran who has successfully explored, developed, and operated reserves in multiple
global jurisdictions. The following table summarizes
our proved developed and undeveloped natural gas reserves using average first-day-of-the-month closing prices for the prior 12 months
and disaggregated by product. Reserve Data December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Natural Gas Natural Gas Percentage (10 6 ft 3 ) (10 6 ft 3 ) Change Change Estimated proved developed reserves 23,461 - 23,461 NM Estimated proved undeveloped reserves 2,366 17,621 (15,255 ) -86.6 % Estimated total proved reserves 25,827 17,621 8,206 46.6 % The following table summarizes
our proved developed and undeveloped reserves using average first-day-of-the-month closing prices for the prior twelve months and
disaggregated by discovery. December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Longanesi Gradizza Trava Total Longanesi Gradizza Trava Total (10 6 ft 3 ) (10 6 ft 3 ) Proved developed reserves 23,461 - - 23,461 - - - - Proved undeveloped reserves - 703 1,663 2,366 17,241 380 - 17,621 Total proved reserves 23,461 703 1,663 25,827 17,241 380 - 17,621 8 Proved Developed Reserves Our proved developed reserves
increased for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to the startup and first production
for Longanesi. The following table provides a roll-forward of our proved developed reserves. Proved Developed Reserves (10 6 ft 3 ) Balance at January 1, 2025 - Revision of previous estimates - Extensions, discoveries and other revisions 23,461 Balance at December 31, 2025 23,461 Proved Undeveloped Reserves Our proved undeveloped reserves
for the year ended December 31, 2025 decreased compared to the same period in 2024 primarily due to the first production at Longanesi,
and to a lesser extent changes in the forecasted startup date for Trava and Gradizza. The following table provides a roll-forward of
our proved undeveloped reserves. Proved Undeveloped Reserves (10 6 ft 3 ) Balance at January 1, 2025 17,621 Revision of previous estimates Extensions, discoveries and other revisions (15,255 ) Balance at December 31, 2025 2,366 As of December 31, 2025 , we had no wells with proved undeveloped
reserves that had remained undeveloped for more than five years from their time of booking. Our Trava and Gradizza wells are classified
by DeGolyer as proved undeveloped reserves as such wells have not yet started production and require future investments to install production
pipelines and production facilities prior to being fully completed and producible. On May 28, 2024, we reached
a settlement agreement (the “Blugas Settlement Agreement”) with Blugas Infrastructure S.r.l. (“Blugas”) regarding
the Blugas overriding royalty interest (“ORRI”) whereby Blugas was entitled to physical delivery of 20% of the first 350 million
standard cubic meters (approximately 2,472 10 6 ft 3 ) produced from the Longanesi field. Under the terms of the Blugas
Settlement Agreement, we paid Blugas approximately €5 million, plus an additional €1.1 million in applicable VAT. In
exchange, we were released from any future liability related to the Blugas ORRI. As a result of the transactions contemplated by
the Blugas Settlement Agreement, our 33.5% working interest (net revenue interest) in the Longanesi field, as established under the terms
of the Unified Operating Agreement arrangement originally signed between ENI and Grove and dated September 26, 2009, is now unencumbered
except for normal government royalties (10%). The Blugas Settlement was accounted for as an acquisition of the Blugas ORRI claim with
a corresponding increase to the expected future cash flows from our reserves. Our year-end December 31, 2024 reserve quantities
included the 20% of 350 million standard cubic meters (approximately 2,472 10 6 ft 3 ) allocable to the Blugas
ORRI in our proved gas reserves, however, the previously required payments to Blugas associated with the sale of such quantities are
no longer reflected as cash outflows (costs) as if such amounts were paid to Blugas. As the cash outflows (costs) are no longer reflected
as if paid to Blugas, such amounts are reflected in our December 31, 2025 reserve report as allocable to our unencumbered 33.5% working
interest. 9 Present Value of Future Net Cash Flows
Discounted at 10% The following table provides
the estimated future net cash flows from proved reserves, the present value of those net cash flows discounted at a rate of 10% (PV-10)
and the prices used in projecting net cash flows over the past two years. Our reserve estimates and related cash flows do not include
any probable or possible reserves. Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 (Thousands, unless otherwise noted) Future net cash flows (a) $ 181,810 $ 130,333 Present value of net cash flows discounted at a rate of 10% (b) 120,523 107,202 Prices Natural gas price ($/103ft3) (c) $ 12.84 $ 11.73 (a) Future net cash flows represent future cash flows
                                            which are reduced by estimated production costs, administrative costs, costs to develop and
                                            produce the proved reserves and abandonment costs, all based on current economic conditions
                                            at each year-end. This amount excludes future income taxes and is prior to any discounting. (b) Present value of net cash flows represents future
                                            net cash flows discounted to present value using a discount rate of 10%. Such amount also
                                            excludes future income taxes. See “Reconciliation of Standardized Measure to PV-10”
                                            for a calculation of the standardized measure of estimated future net cash flows from natural
                                            gas and oil reserves. (c) Gas prices are based on a reference price. Gross
                                            gas price is calculated as the unweighted arithmetic average of the first day-of-the-month
                                            price prevailing in Italy for each month within a 12-month period prior to the end of the
                                            reporting period. The volume-weighted average price attributable to the estimated proved
                                            reserves was $12.84 and $11.73 per thousand cubic feet of gas for the year ended December 31,
                                            2025, and 2024, respectively. Future
net cash flows represent projected revenues from the sale of proved reserves net of production and development costs (including transportation
and gathering expenses, operating expenses and production taxes). Revenues are based on a twelve-month unweighted average of the first-day-of-the-month
pricing, without escalation. Future cash flows are reduced by estimated production costs, administrative costs, costs to develop and
produce the proved reserves and abandonment costs, all based on current economic conditions at each year-end. There can be no assurance
that the proved reserves will be produced in the future or that prices, production or development costs will remain constant. There are
numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating reserves and related information. See Note 16 to the financial statements included
herein for further discussion of the preparation of, and year-over-year changes in, our reserves estimate and calculation of the standardized
measure of estimated future net cash flows from natural gas and oil reserves . As previously noted, the Blugas
settlement was accounted for as an acquisition of the Blugas ORRI claim with a corresponding increase to the expected future cash flows
from our reserves. Our year-end December 31, 2024 reserve quantities included the 20% of 350 million standard cubic meters
(approximately 2,472 10 6 ft 3 ) allocable to the Blugas ORRI in our proved gas reserves, however, the previously required
payments to Blugas associated with the sale of such quantities are no longer reflected as cash outflows (costs) as if such amounts were
paid to Blugas. As the cash outflows (costs) are no longer reflected as if paid to Blugas, such amounts are reflected in our December
31, 2024 reserve report as allocable to our unencumbered 33.5% working interest. Our year-end December 31, 2025 reserve quantities
continue to include the 20% of 350 million standard cubic meters (approximately 2,472 10 6 ft 3 ). Reconciliation of Standardized Measure
to PV-10 The present value of net cash
flows discounted at a rate of 10%, or, “PV-10,” is derived from the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows,
which is the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure. PV-10 is a computation of the standardized measure of discounted future
net cash flows on a pre-tax basis. PV-10 is equal to the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows at the applicable date,
before deducting future income taxes, discounted at 10 percent. We believe that the presentation of PV-10 is relevant and useful to investors
because it presents the discounted future net cash flows attributable to our estimated proved reserves prior to taking into account future
corporate income taxes, and it is a useful measure for evaluating the relative monetary significance of our oil and natural gas assets.
Further, investors may utilize the measure as a basis for comparison of the relative size and value of our reserves to other companies.
We use this measure when assessing the potential return on investment related to our oil and natural gas assets. PV-10, however, is not
a substitute for the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows. Our PV-10 measure and the standardized measure of discounted
future net cash flows do not purport to present the fair value of our oil and natural gas reserves. 10 The following table provides
a reconciliation of the GAAP standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows to PV-10 (non-GAAP) at December 31, 2025 and
2024: Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 (Thousands, unless otherwise noted) Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows $ 87,728 $ 89,033 Present value of future income taxes discounted at a rate of 10% 32,795 18,169 Present value of net cash flows discounted at a rate of 10% (PV-10) $ 120,523 $ 107,202 Acreage The following table summarizes
our acreage as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. As we have achieved first production at the Longanesi wells, we have classified 6,590
acres as developed (productive) acreage. We have not commenced production at the remaining wells, as such, the remaining acreage is considered
undeveloped acreage. December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Production Concessions (1) Total gross productive acreage 6,590 - Total net productive acreage 2,208 - Exploration Permits (2) Total gross productive acreage - - Total net productive acreage - - Applications (3) Total gross productive acreage - - Total net productive acreage - - Total gross productive acreage 6,590 - Total net productive acreage 2,208 - Production Concessions (1) Total gross undeveloped acreage 13,275 24,142 Total net undeveloped acreage 13,275 19,710 Exploration Permits (2) (3) Total gross undeveloped acreage 567,376 682,802 Total net undeveloped acreage 567,376 682,802 Applications (4) (5) Total gross undeveloped acreage 1,580,205 1,623,209 Total net undeveloped acreage 1,580,205 1,623,209 Total gross undeveloped acreage 2,160,856 2,330,153 Total net undeveloped acreage 2,160,856 2,325,721 (1) Encompasses three distinct production concession
                                            areas including Longanesi, Valle del Mezzano (Trava), and Gradizza. No expiries prior to
                                            2032. (2) Encompasses 10 distinct permits. AleAnna has an active
                                            permit extension program in place. In the event that production is not established or if
                                            extensions are not granted by the Italian government, 130,558 net acres will expire by December 31,
                                            2026 and an additional 331,845 acres will expire by December 31, 2027. (3) AleAnna has notified the Italian Ministry of its
                                            intent to relinquish 114,309 acres of Permits in 2026; these relinquishment notices have
                                            not yet been processed by the Ministry. (4) Encompasses 13 distinct areas and applications. Applications
                                            are rights of mineral development controlled by AleAnna whose activation may be deferred.
                                            AleAnna has not yet initiated activation, but has the right to do so in the future. Once
                                            AleAnna initiates activation the 1,580,205 net acres will have initial permit periods of
                                            six year. (5) AleAnna has notified the Italian Ministry of its
                                            intent to relinquish 1,255,429 acres of Applications in 2026; these relinquishment notices
                                            have not yet been processed by the Ministry. 11 Productive Wells On March 13, 2025, AleAnna achieved a key milestone with the first
production from its five wells in the Longanesi field and began recognizing revenue and related expenses, including depreciation and depletion,
related to this production during the second quarter of 2025. We did not have any productive wells as of December 31, 2024. As of December
31, 2025, our Trava and Gradizza wells all required future investments to install production pipelines and production facilities prior
to being fully completed and producible. As a result, as of December 31, 2025, five wells of Longanesi field were classified by DeGolyer
as proved developed reserves. The remaining wells are classified as proved undeveloped reserves as such wells have not yet started production. Drilling Activities Our primary activities currently
involve the tie-in of three Longanesi development wells together with our working interest partner, Padana. The Company had no exploratory
or development drilling activity during the year ended December 31, 2025, or 2024. The completion of the gross Longanesi development
well and workover and the completion of one additional Longanesi development well (0.335 net to our interest) were completed during the
year ended December 31, 2023. Following tie-in of the Longanesi
wells and the installation of a temporary processing facility, we and Padana achieved first production of the five wells in the Longanesi
field in March 2025. The permanent processing facility is under construction and will be installed in phases during 2026, with completion
and commissioning expected in early 2027. Net Volumes Sold, Prices and Production Costs As of December 31, 2025,
we generated approximately $22.4 million of revenue from sales of natural gas from the Longanesi field and approximately $2.7 million
from sales of electricity from our RNG plants. As of December 31, 2024, we had not generated any revenue from our operations
other than from sales of electricity of $1.4 million from two renewable gas assets that were purchased in July 2024. Delivery Commitments We are not currently party
to any long-term delivery commitments as of December 31, 2025 or 2024. Governmental Regulations With regard to environmental
laws and compliance, the activities are subject to Environmental Impact Assessment, whose main rules are provided by the Consolidated
Environmental Act issued by Legislative Decree 152/2006. Environmental laws and regulations
and environmental permitting require significant investments from the company to ensure compliance with laws and regulations. This entails
the need for a structure that constantly monitors compliance activities. Conventional Natural Gas Our operations are subject
to stringent and complex laws and regulations governing environmental protection, human health and safety, and long-term
“sustainability”. We are required to obtain certain permits, requiring approval at both the Italian national and regional
government levels, to construct and operate our conventional facilities, which will contain constraints including those related to air
emissions, solid and hazardous waste management, water quality, and control of construction/industrial traffic. These permits can be
difficult and time-consuming to obtain and maintain. We have spent over a decade acquiring necessary permits required for the development
of our Conventional business, and while we view this as a competitive advantage, our ability to obtain these permits in the future may
be impacted by opposition from citizens or other groups or other political pressures. Compliance with such laws and regulations can be
costly, and noncompliance can result in substantial penalties. The Italian hydrocarbons industry
is regulated by a combination of constitutional provisions, statutes, governmental decrees and other regulations that have been enacted
and modified from time to time, including legislation enacted to implement EU requirements (collectively, the “Hydrocarbons Laws”). Pursuant to the Hydrocarbons
Laws, all hydrocarbons existing in their natural condition in strata in Italy or beneath its territorial waters (including its continental
shelf) are property of the State. Exploration activities require an exploration permit, while production activities require an exploiting
concession granted by the Ministero dell’Ambiente e della Sicurezza Energetica — MASE or, in some specific cases
(e.g. special-status region) by the Region. In particular oil and gas
exploration can be undertaken after the award of an exploration license that can last up to twelve years, provided that the permit
holder complies with the approved exploration program. If the permit holder drills and discovers an exploitable hydrocarbon field, it
has a right to obtain a production concession. All exploration and production activities are subject to environment assessment procedures. 12 Hydrocarbon exploration and
production activities in Italy are governed mainly by Law no. 6/1957, “Exploration and production of liquid and gaseous hydrocarbons”
and Legislative Decree No. 625 of November 25, 1996 “Implementation of Directive 94/22/EEC on the conditions for granting and using
authorizations for the prospection, exploration, and production of hydrocarbons”. Mining titles are granted by a Decree of MASE. The
two main types of mining titles are: (a) Exploration permits — exclusive
mining titles that can be requested on areas with a maximum footprint of 750 km 2 . If multiple operators request the same area,
MASE manages a competitive process to select the permit holder. In addition to an initial six-year validation period, there are two possible
extension periods of three years each. However, such periods may be subject to suspension for justified reasons. The exploration
permit allows the acquisition of geophysical data as well as the permission to drill one or more exploratory wells. If the exploratory
well yields a positive result and a new hydrocarbon field is identified, the operator may apply for a production concession, which, once
granted, allows the deposit itself to be brought into production. The reference legislation
for issuing the exploration permit is the following: ● art.
                                            8 “Granting of permits”, paragraph 1, of the Presidential Decree. 18 April 1994,
                                            n. 484 “Regulation governing the procedures for awarding prospecting or exploration
                                            and granting concessions for the production of hydrocarbons on land and at sea”; ● art.
                                            6 “Awarding of the exploration permit, its dimensions and duration”, paragraph 4,
                                            of law 9 January 1991, n. 9 “Regulations for the implementation of the new national
                                            energy plan: institutional aspects, hydroelectric plants and power lines, hydrocarbons and
                                            geothermal energy, self-production and tax provisions”; ● for
                                            onshore, art. 1, paragraph 7, letter n) of law 23 August 2004 n. 239 “Reorganization
                                            of the energy sector, as well as delegation to the Government for the reorganization of the
                                            provisions in force on energy”. ● The
                                            exploration permit is issued following a single procedure, governed by article 1 paragraphs
                                            77 and 79 of law 23 August 2004, n. 239. MASE reviews the project after hearing the
                                            opinion of a consultative body, the Ministerial commission on hydrocarbons (CIRM), within
                                            which the competent state and regional administrations are represented. The projects are
                                            subjected to the environmental eligibility procedure and/or the expression of an environmental
                                            compatibility judgment by the MASE or the Region concerned. MASE then issues onshore permits
                                            in agreement with the regions involved. (b) Production Concessions
are exclusive mineral titles requested on a portion of the exploration permit area where a new hydrocarbon field was discovered (with
a maximum area of 300 km 2 ). In addition to an initial validation period of 20 or 30 years, an operator may apply for
further extension period of 10 years and then for further extension periods of five years until the end of the field economic life.
All activities relating to the production of hydrocarbons can be carried out within the scope of a production concession, including the
drilling of development wells and construction of facilities. Production concessions are awarded to the holders of exploration permits
so long as liquid and/or gaseous hydrocarbons are found and so long as the operator demonstrates adequate economic and technical capacities. The production concession
decree is granted and issued by MASE and contains all the requirements and constraints established by the various bodies that examined
the project during the administrative procedure. The concession holder may freely sell the products extracted from the hydrocarbon field
and must pay a royalty to the national and local governments. Yearly rentals are due based on the areas under the permits and are due
to the national government. The concession holder has
an exclusive right on exploration, development and production activities, sustaining all the operational risks and costs related to the
exploration and development activities, and it is entitled to the productions realized. As a compensation for mineral concessions, pays
royalties on production and taxes on oil revenues to the state in accordance with local tax legislation. Proved reserves to which we
are entitled are determined by applying our share of production to total proved reserves of the contractual area, in respect of the duration
of the relevant mineral right. In general, we are required
to pay income tax on income generated from production activities. The taxes imposed upon gas production profits and activities may be
substantially higher than those imposed on other businesses. The initial duration of an
exploration permit is six years, with the possibility of obtaining two three-year extensions and an additional one-year extension
to complete activities underway. We have an active permit extension program in place. In the event that production is not established
or if extensions are not granted by the Italian government, our permits will expire on December 31, 2026 and December 31, 2027. Applications
are rights of mineral development controlled by us whose activation may be deferred. we have not yet initiated activation, but has the
right to do so in the future. Once we initiates activation the respective net acres will have initial permit periods of six years. Upon
each of the three-year extensions, 25% of the area under exploration must be relinquished to the State of Italy (only for initial acreage
larger than 300 square kilometers). The initial duration of a production concession is up to 30 years, with the possibility of obtaining
a ten-year extension and additional five-year extensions until the end of the field economic life. 13 These provisions had to be
coordinated with a new law effective as of February 12, 2019 (Law 12/2019, conversion of Decree-Law 135/2008 — “D.L. Semplificazioni”)
and further amendments, which requires certain Italian administrative bodies to define and adopt a plan (PiTESAI) aiming to identify
areas suitable for exploration, development, and production of hydrocarbons in the national territory, including the territorial seawaters.
Such plan was adopted on December 28, 2021 with Ministerial Decree, in accordance with the article 11-ter of Decree-Law 135/2018. However, PiTESAI has been
considered too restrictive by industry operators (including AleAnna) which lodged several appeals against the PiTESAI before the Lazio
Regional Administrative Court — Rome (TAR Lazio). On February 12, 2024, TAR Lazio with rulings no. 2858 and no.
2872 declared void the PiTESAI. MASE did not file an appeal before the Council of State within the appeal period in order to restore
the validity of the PiTESAI and began a procedure to return all of the acres affected by the PiTESAI, once acquired for those operators
who want to reacquire their mining titles and permit applications with the original extension. This procedure aims to restore the integrity
of all the titles affected by the PiTESAI and returns to the operators of all of the suitable areas for hydrocarbon exploration, development
and production activities. Therefore, exploration permits
maintain their efficacy in areas identified as suitable and limited to gas exploration target. Starting from June 1,
2019, the annual fee for all licensees (exploration permits and production concessions) have been increased 25 times. In 2019 the Decree-Law 124/2019,
converted into Law 157/2019, established at article 38 the property tax on marine structures (IMPI) starting from year 2020. On March 1, 2022, the
Italian government issued a first Decree-Law (Decree-Law 17/2022 — ” D.L. Energia”) aimed at boosting
the national production by mitigating the effects of PiTESAI. This was converted into law on April 27, 2022 (Law 34/2022). A second Decree-Law, with
the same objectives, was issued on December 9, 2023 (Decree-Law 181/2023), promoting new upstream development opportunities converted
into law on February 2, 2024 (Law 11/2024). On October 11, 2024, the Council
of Ministers approved the Decree-Law 153/2024 converted into Law 191/2024 (D.L. Ambiente), which amended several articles of the Decree-Law
135/2018. Paragraph 1 of article 2 of the 153/2024 repealed paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 13 of Article 11-ter of Decree-Law
135/2018, and the PiTESAI was therefore annulled. The measures adopted by the MASE following the adoption of the PiTESAI such as revocation
and re-implementation measures were also annulled. Following the repealing of paragraph 13 of article 2 of the Decree-Law 135/2018,
the public utility character of hydrocarbon prospecting, exploration and production activities has been recognized. Furthermore, paragraph 2 of
article 2 of the Decree-Law 153/2024 confirmed the prohibition established by PiTESAI on the granting of new oil production licenses
on the national territory and at sea, however, operators who have already been granted oil or oil and gas licenses may continue their
activities, even for the purpose of granting concessions; even concessions for the production of liquid hydrocarbons that have already
been granted may continue their production activities until the deposit found is fully developed. Article 2, paragraph 3, of
the Decree-Law 153/2024 stated that the granting of extensions of hydrocarbon production concessions must also take into account the
reserves and extraction potential still to be produced and the time required to complete their rational production up to the useful life
of the deposit. The concession area that is functional for production and the exploration and development activities still to be carried
out must also be duly taken into account, with the areas no longer functional being re-zoned. Article 2, paragraph 4 of
the Decree-Law 153/2024 reduced the limit of 12 nautical miles for upstream activities to nine nautical miles, amending the article 6,
paragraph 17 of the Environmental Code (Legislative Decree 152/2006). Article 2, paragraph 5 of
the Decree-Law 153/2024 allowed for the release of concessions in the Adriatic Sea for which applications had already been submitted
at the time the Decree-Law 153/2024 went into force, provided that the party concerned complies with the long-term supply procedures.
In addition, the fields in question must have the potential to produce a certain amount of gas reserves above a threshold of 500 mmscfd. 14 Regardless of the validity
and the effects of PiTESAI, such plan did not entail any significant and adverse consequence on our development and producing activities
in relation to its Italian concessions and concession applications. Some permits where investments on exploration had been made were
affected by the plan and part or all of their areas was declared incompatible. Since the PiTESAI was voided, we now hope to be able to
start again exploration activity on part of the areas declared incompatible by the PiTESAI. On December 13, 2024, we, as requested by
MASE, notified MASE of our willingness to reacquire the mining titles and permit applications with the original extension. Royalties The Hydrocarbons’ Laws
require the payment of royalties for hydrocarbon production. As per Legislative Decree No. 625 of November 25, 1996, subsequent
modifications and integrations (the last modification was introduced by Law 160/2019 — Budget Law 2020, art. 1 par. 736 &
737) and Law Decree No. 83 of June 22, 2012, royalties are equal to 10% for gas and oil productions onshore, to 10% for gas and
7% for oil offshore, with exemptions only for on shore gas concessions with production lower than 10 MMsmc/year and off shore gas concessions
with production lower than 30 MMsmc. (Only in the Autonomous Region of Sicily, following the Regional Law No. 9 of May 15, 2013,
royalties onshore for oil and gas are equal to 20.06%, with no exemptions). Environmental Regulation Exploration and production
of conventional natural gas is highly regulated and is subject to environmental laws and compliance, whose main rules are provided by
the Consolidated Environmental Act issued by Legislative Decree 152/2006. Our activities are subject to Environmental Impact Assessments.
Environmental laws and regulations and environmental permitting require significant investments to ensure compliance. For this reason,
a structure that constantly monitors compliance activities is needed. Our operations are subject
to stringent and complex laws and regulations governing environmental protection, human health and safety, and long-term
“sustainability”. Oil and gas companies are required to obtain certain permits, requiring approval at both the Italian national
and regional government levels, to construct and operate conventional facilities, which will contain constraints including those related
to air emissions, solid and hazardous waste management, water quality, and control of construction/industrial traffic. These permits
can be difficult and time-consuming to obtain and maintain. We are acquiring necessary permits required for the development of its conventional
business, and while we view this as a competitive advantage, our ability to obtain these permits in the future may be impacted by opposition
from citizens or other groups or other political pressures. Compliance with such laws and regulations can be costly, and noncompliance
can result in substantial penalties. Italian Gas Market Regulations In the last decade a
number of new rules have been introduced in order to improve liquidity and efficient functioning of the Italian wholesale gas market,
fostering competition and at the same time improving the system security of supply. Among such new rules, it is worth mentioning
the market-based mechanisms for the allocation of storage capacities and of regasification capacities. The past allocation criteria
based on tariffs has been replaced with new auction mechanisms that enabled market players to express the market-value of storage and
of regasification capacities, while at the same time ensuring the allowed revenues of storage operators and LNG terminal operators by
means of specific parallel measures. An organized market platform
(MGAS) for gas trading and gas balancing market, managed by the independent operator Gestore dei Mercati Energetici (GME) also acts
as a central counterparty, where different market participants (including the Transmission System Operator — TSO) can
carry out spot and forward transactions at the “Punto di Scambio Virtuale” (PSV — Virtual Trading
Point). In addition, since February 2018 voluntary market making activity has been introduced in the spot section of the gas exchange
MGAS: such activity is based on the service provided by some liquidity providers, in order to boost liquidity and trading activity
on the same exchange, initially for the day-ahead market but with possible future extension to the within-day section and to the
forward section of the MGAS. 15 In addition, a gas balancing
regime has entered into force since October 2016 as an evolution of the one already in place and in compliance with the EU regulatory
framework. This system is based on the principle that network users have to balance their daily position, also in accordance
with the timely information provided by the TSO about daily gas consumption. The new gas balancing regime provides the incentive for
shippers to balance their position via penalizing imbalance prices and at the same time provides the possibility for shippers to modify
intra-day their gas flow nominations and to trade on the market with other shippers and/or with the TSO itself (that can access the market
under some constraints, in order to address overall system balancing needs that may arise on top of shippers’ activities). Following the liberalization
of the natural gas sector introduced in the year 2000 by Decree No. 164, prices of natural gas in the wholesale market, which includes
industrial and power generation customers are freely negotiated. However, the ARERA (the Italian Regulatory Authority for Energy, Networks
and Environment) retains a power of surveillance on this matter as per Law No. 481/1995 (establishing the ARERA) and Legislative Decree
No. 164/2000. Furthermore, the ARERA is still entrusted (as per the Presidential Decree dated October 31, 2002) with the power of
regulating natural gas prices to residential customers, also with a view of containing inflationary pressure deriving from increasing
energy costs. Consistently with those provisions, companies which sell natural gas to residential customers are currently required to
offer to those customers the regulated tariffs set by ARERA beside their own price proposals. In 2013, a new tariff regime
was fully enacted by ARERA targeting Italian residential clients who are entitled to be safeguarded in accordance with current regulations.
Clients who are eligible for the tariff mechanism set by the ARERA are residential clients. With Resolution No. 196 effective from October 1,
2013, the ARERA reformulated the pricing mechanism of gas supplies to those customers by providing a full indexation of the raw material
cost component of the tariff to spot prices at the TTF (Title Transfer Facility) hub in Northern Europe, replacing the then current regime
that provided a mix between an oil-based indexation and spot prices. This tariff regime also reduced
the tariff components intended to cover storage and transportation costs. Finally, it also increased the specific pricing component intended
to remunerate certain marketing costs incurred by retail operators, including administrative and retention costs, losses incurred due
to customer default and a return on capital employed. This new gas tariff indexation
aiming at safeguarding the households was initially intended to remain effective till July 1, 2019 (as provided by Law 124/17).
However, this deadline had been already prorogated by one year (as per Law Decree 91/2018), and finally has been prorogated to January 2024.
From that point onwards, in Italy households other than vulnerable customers will no longer have access to regulated tariffs for gas
supplies. Consumers will have to choose among the different pricing proposals made by gas selling companies, while only vulnerable customers
will be entitled to the regulated tariff after January 2024. The ARERA has established that gas selling companies comply with certain
requirements about the offerings to customers which include at least two pricing indexations (fixed and variable), both complemented
with contractual conditions regulated by the ARERA. This regulatory development might increase competition in the Italian retail
market for selling gas. Given the context of rising
prices that occurred between 2021 and 2022 in gas market, ARERA carried out a series of investigations to evaluate interventions on commodity
prices and then decided to switch the gas raw material reference from TTF to PSV, with monthly update of the component covering wholesale
natural gas supply costs for regulated customers. Other Key Regulatory Developments Within the scope of the costs
and criteria for accessing the main logistic infrastructures of the gas system, the main

