TICKER: ANY
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains for mining equipment or services and the price of Bitcoin. It could also increase our domestic competition as some of those cryptocurrency miners or new entrants in this market may consider moving their cryptocurrency mining operations or establishing new operations in the United States. Additionally, our mining operations could be materially adversely affected by power outages and similar disruptions. Given the power requirements for our mining equipment, it would not be feasible to run this equipment on back-up power generators in the event of a government restriction on electricity or a power outage. If we are unable to receive adequate power supply and are forced to reduce our operations due to the availability or cost of electrical power, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Concerns about greenhouse gas emissions and global climate change may result in environmental taxes, charges, assessments, penalties or litigation, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The effects of human activity on global climate change have attracted considerable public and scientific attention, as well as the attention of the United States and other governments. Efforts are being made to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, particularly those from coal combustion power plants, upon which some of our hosting facility suppliers may rely for power. The added cost of any environmental taxes, charges, assessments or penalties levied on such power plants, or the cost of litigation filed against such power plants, could be passed on to us. Any enactment of laws or promulgation of regulations regarding greenhouse gas emissions by the United States, or any domestic or foreign jurisdiction in which we conduct business, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. In addition, as a result of negative publicity regarding environmental concerns associated with Bitcoin mining, some companies have ceased accepting Bitcoin for certain types of purchases, and additional companies may do so in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We rely on hosting arrangements to conduct our business, and the availability of such hosting arrangements is uncertain and competitive and may be affected by changes in regulation in one or more countries. If we are unable to successfully enter into definitive hosting agreements with mining data centers on favorable terms or those counterparties fail to perform their obligations under such agreements, we may be forced to seek alternative mining data centers to host its mining equipment. 11 Significant competition for suitable mining data centers is expected to continue, and other government regulators, including local permitting officials, may potentially restrict the ability of potential mining data centers to begin or continue operations in certain locations. They can also restrict the ability of electricity suppliers to provide electricity to mining operations in times of electricity shortage, or may otherwise potentially restrict or prohibit the provision of electricity to mining operations. We face risks of downtime at hosting sites due to excessive weather or heat, which could have an adverse effect on the mining of Bitcoin and impact our revenues. A disruption at hosting sites may affect the mining of Bitcoin. Generally, Bitcoin and our business of mining Bitcoin is dependent upon consistent operations at hosting sites. A significant disruption in a hosting site's ability to function due to adverse weather could disrupt mining operations until the disruption is resolved and have an adverse effect on our ability to mine Bitcoin, impacting our revenues. We may be affected by price fluctuations in the wholesale and retail power markets. Market prices for power, generation capacity and ancillary services, are unpredictable. Depending upon the effectiveness of any price risk management activity undertaken by us, including but not limited to attempts to secure hosting services contracts at fixed fees, an increase in market prices for power, generation capacity, and ancillary services may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Long- and short-term power prices may fluctuate substantially due to a variety of factors outside of our control, including, but not limited to: • increases and decreases in generation capacity; • changes in power transmission or fuel transportation capacity constraints or inefficiencies; • demand response/mandatory curtailments; • volatile weather conditions, particularly unusually hot or mild summers or unusually cold or warm winters; • technological shifts resulting in changes in the demand for power or in patterns of power usage, including the potential development of demand-side management tools, expansion and technological advancements in power storage capability and the development of new fuels or new technologies for the production or storage of power; • federal and state power, market and environmental regulation and legislation; and • changes in capacity prices and capacity markets. If we are unable to secure consistent power supply at prices or on terms acceptable to it, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. As cryptocurrency may be determined to be investment securities, we may inadvertently violate the Investment Company Act of 1940 and incur large losses and third party liabilities as a result and potentially be required to register as an investment company or terminate operations. We believe that we are not engaged in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities, and we do not hold ourselves out as being engaged in those activities. However, under the Investment Company Act of 1940 (the “Investment Company Act”), a company may be deemed an investment company under section 3(a)(1)(C) thereof if the value of its investment securities is more than 40% of its total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. As a result of our investments and our mining activities, the investment securities we hold could exceed 40% of our total assets, exclusive of cash items and, accordingly, we could determine that we have become an inadvertent investment company. The cryptocurrency that we own, acquire or mine may be deemed an investment security by the SEC, and although we do not believe any of the cryptocurrency we own, acquire or mine are securities, any determination we make regarding whether cryptocurrency is a security is a risk-based assessment, not a legal standard binding on a regulatory body or court, and does not preclude legal or regulatory action. In general, novel or unique assets such as Bitcoin may be classified as securities if they meet the definition of investment contracts under U.S. law. In recent years, the offer and sale of cryptocurrency other than Bitcoin, most notably Kik Interactive Inc.’s Kin tokens and Telegram Group Inc.’s TON tokens, have been deemed to be investment contracts by the SEC. The SEC has also sued Genesis Global Capital LLC and Gemini Trust Company LLC over their crypto-lending program that allegedly violated 12 investor-protection laws. Therefore, we cannot provide any assurances that Bitcoin we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account will never be classified as a security under U.S. law. If Bitcoin were to be classified as a security under U.S. law, we would be obligated to comply with certain requirements by the SEC, which would cause us to incur significant, non-recurring expenses which would materially and adversely impact our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. An inadvertent investment company can avoid being classified as an investment company if it can rely on one of the exclusions under the Investment Company Act. One such exclusion, Rule 3a-2 under the Investment Company Act, allows an inadvertent investment company a grace period of one year from the earlier of (a) the date on which an issuer owns securities and/or cash having a value exceeding 50% of the issuer’s total assets on either a consolidated or unconsolidated basis and (b) the date on which an issuer owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of such issuer’s total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. As of the date of this report, we do not believe we are an inadvertent investment company. We may take actions to cause the investment securities held by us to be less than 40% of our total assets, which may include acquiring assets with our cash and Bitcoin on hand or liquidating our equity investment securities or B or seeking a no-action letter from the SEC if we are unable to acquire sufficient assets or liquidate sufficient investment securities in a timely manner. As the Rule 3a-2 exception is available to a company no more than once every three years, and assuming no other exclusion were available to us, we would have to keep within the 40% limit for at least three years after we cease being an inadvertent investment company. This may limit our ability to make certain investments or enter into joint ventures that could otherwise have a positive impact on our earnings. In any event, we do not intend to become an investment company engaged in the business of investing and trading securities. Classification as an investment company under the Investment Company Act requires registration with the SEC. If an investment company fails to register, it would have to stop doing almost all business, and its contracts would become voidable. Registration is time consuming and restrictive and would require a restructuring of our operations, and we would be very constrained in the kind of business we could do as a registered investment company. Further, we would become subject to substantial regulation concerning management, operations, transactions with affiliated persons and portfolio composition, and would need to file reports under the Investment Company Act regime. The cost of such compliance would result in us incurring substantial additional expenses, and the failure to register if required would have a materially adverse impact to conduct our operations. If regulatory changes or interpretations of our activities require registration as a money services business under the regulations promulgated by The Financial Crimes Enforcement Network under the authority of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, we may be required to register and comply with such regulations. If regulatory changes or interpretations of our activities require the licensing or other registration of us as a money transmitter (or equivalent designation) under state law in any state in which we operate, we may be required to seek licensure or otherwise register and comply with such state law. In the event of any such requirement, to the extent we decide to continue operating, the required registrations, licensure and regulatory compliance steps may result in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses to us. We may also decide to cease operations. Any termination of certain operations in response to the changed regulatory circumstances may be at a time that is disadvantageous to investors. To the extent that our activities cause us to be deemed a money service business under the regulations promulgated by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network of the U.S. Treasury Department (“FinCEN”) under the authority of the U.S. Bank Secrecy Act, we may be required to comply with FinCEN regulations, including those that would mandate us to implement anti-money laundering programs, make certain reports to FinCEN and maintain certain records. To the extent that our activities cause us to be deemed a money transmitter or equivalent designation under state law in any state in which we operate, we may be required to seek a license or otherwise register with a state regulator and comply with state regulations that may include the implementation of anti-money laundering programs, maintenance of certain records and other operational requirements. Currently, the New York Department of Financial Services has finalized its “BitLicense” framework for businesses that conduct Bitcoin business activity. We will continue to monitor for developments in New York legislation, guidance, and regulations. 13 Such additional federal or state regulatory obligations may cause us to incur extraordinary expenses, possibly affecting our business in a material and adverse manner. Furthermore, we and our service providers may not be capable of complying with certain federal or state regulatory obligations applicable to money service businesses and money transmitters. If we are deemed to be subject to and determine not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may act to dissolve and liquidate us. Any such action may adversely affect an investment in us. Regulatory changes or actions in one or more countries or jurisdictions may alter the nature of an investment in us or restrict the use of cryptocurrency in a manner that adversely affects our business, prospects or operations. As cryptocurrency has grown in both popularity and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently, with certain governments deeming cryptocurrency illegal, and others allowing their use and trade without restriction. In some jurisdictions, such as in the United States, cryptocurrency is subject to extensive regulatory requirements. Several countries have taken and may continue to take regulatory actions in the future that could severely restrict our right to mine, acquire, own, hold, sell or use cryptocurrency or to exchange for local currency. For example, in China it is illegal to accept payment in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency for consumer transactions and banking institutions are barred from accepting deposits of cryptocurrency. Cryptocurrency is viewed differently by different regulatory and standards setting organizations globally as well as in the United States on the federal and state levels. For example, the Financial Action Task Force (“FATF”) and the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) consider a cryptocurrency as currency or an asset or property. Further, the IRS applies general tax principles that apply to property transactions to transactions involving cryptocurrency. If regulatory changes or interpretations require the regulation of cryptocurrency under the securities laws of the United States or elsewhere, including the Securities Act of 1933, the Exchange Act and the Investment Company Act or similar laws of other jurisdictions and interpretations by the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”), the IRS, Department of Treasury or other agencies or authorities, we may be required to register and comply with such regulations, including at a state or local level. To the extent that we decide to continue operations, the required registrations and regulatory compliance steps may result in extraordinary expense or burdens to us. Should compliance with these laws become overly burdensome and unprofitable we may decide to cease certain operations and change our business model. Current and future legislation and SEC rule-making and other regulatory developments, including interpretations released by a regulatory authority, may impact the manner in which cryptocurrency is viewed or treated for classification and clearing purposes. In particular, cryptocurrency may not be excluded from the definition of “security” by SEC rule making or interpretation requiring registration of all transactions unless another exemption is available, including transacting in cryptocurrency among owners and require registration of trading platforms as “exchanges”. Due to concerns around resource consumption and associated environmental concerns, particularly as such concerns relate to public utilities companies, various countries, states, and cities have implemented, or are considering implementing, moratoriums on Bitcoin mining in their jurisdictions. Such moratoriums would impede Bitcoin mining and/or Bitcoin use more broadly. For example, in November 2022, New York imposed a two-year moratorium on new proof-of-work mining permits at fossil fuel plants in the state. Although we do not mine in New York, it is possible that other states may create similar laws that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot be certain as to how future regulatory developments will impact the treatment of cryptocurrency under the law. If we fail to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may seek to cease certain of our operations or be subjected to fines, penalties, and other governmental action. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue its business model at all, which could have a material adverse effect on its business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of Bitcoin we plan to hold or expect to acquire for our own account. 14 Our business is dependent on a small number of Bitcoin mining equipment suppliers. Our business is dependent upon Bitcoin mining equipment suppliers providing an adequate supply of new generation Bitcoin mining machines at economical prices to customers intending to purchase our hosting and other solutions. The growth in our business is directly related to increased demand for hosting services and Bitcoin which is dependent in large part on the availability of new generation mining machines offered for sale at a price conducive to profitable Bitcoin mining, as well as the trading price of Bitcoin. The market price and availability of new mining machines fluctuates with the price of cryptocurrency and can be volatile. In addition, as more companies seek to enter the mining industry, the demand for machines may outpace supply and create mining machine equipment shortages. There are no assurances that cryptocurrency mining equipment suppliers will be able to keep pace with any surge in demand for mining equipment. We currently do not have an agreement with our suppliers to purchase additional machines, and therefore there is no guarantee that we will be able to purchase machines on terms acceptable to us. We intend to complete one or more financings to provide liquidity to purchase additional machines, at which point we expect to enter into an agreement with one or more machine suppliers to purchase additional machines. Further, manufacturing mining machine purchase contracts are not favorable to purchasers and even if we do enter into agreements with our suppliers, we may have little or no recourse in the event a mining machine manufacturer defaults on its mining machine delivery commitments. If we and our customers are not able to obtain a sufficient number of Bitcoin mining machines at favorable prices, our growth expectations, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations will be negatively impacted. Bitcoin mining machines rely on components and raw materials that may be subject to price fluctuations or shortages, including ASIC chips that have been subject to a significant shortage. In order to build and sustain our self-mining operations we will depend on third parties to provide us with ASIC chips and other critical components for our mining equipment, which may be subject to price fluctuations or shortages. For example, the ASIC chip is the key component of a mining machine as it determines the efficiency of the device. The production of ASIC chips typically requires highly sophisticated silicon wafers, which currently only a small number of fabrication facilities, or wafer foundries, in the world are capable of producing. We believe that the previous microchip shortage that the entire industry experienced lead to price fluctuations and disruption in the supply of key miner components. Specifically, the ASIC chips have recently been subject to a significant price increases and shortages. We do not currently have agreements in place for the supply of ASIC chips. There is a risk that a manufacturer or seller of ASIC chips or other necessary mining equipment may adjust the prices based on fluctuations in cryptocurrency prices or otherwise, and the cost of new machines could become unpredictable and extremely high. As a result, at times, we may be forced to obtain Bitcoin mining machines and other hardware at premium prices, to the extent they are even available. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Our miners are designed to mine Bitcoin and may not be readily adaptable to other uses, a sustained decline in Bitcoin value could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have invested substantial capital in acquiring miners using ASIC chips designed specifically to mine Bitcoin using the 256-bit secure hashing algorithm (“SHA-256”) as efficiently and as rapidly as possible based on our assumption that we will be able to use them to mine Bitcoin and generate revenue from our operations. Therefore, our Bitcoin mining operations focus exclusively on mining Bitcoin, and our Bitcoin mining revenue is based on the value of Bitcoin we mine. Accordingly, if the value of Bitcoin declines and fails to recover, for example, because of the development and acceptance of competing blockchain platforms or technologies, including competing cryptocurrencies which our miners may not be able to mine, the revenue we generate from our Bitcoin mining operations will likewise decline. Moreover, because our miners use these highly specialized ASIC chips, we may not be able to successfully repurpose them in a timely manner, if at all, to other uses, following a sustained decline in Bitcoin value or if the Bitcoin blockchain stops using SHA-256 for solving blocks. This would result in a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially impact our ability to continue as a going concern. 15 The impact of geopolitical and economic events on the supply and demand for cryptocurrency is uncertain. Geopolitical crises may motivate large-scale purchases of cryptocurrency, which could increase the price of cryptocurrency rapidly. This may increase the likelihood of a subsequent price decrease as crisis-driven purchasing behavior dissipates, adversely affecting the value of our inventory following such downward adjustment. Such risks are similar to the risks of purchasing commodities in uncertain times, such as the risk of purchasing, holding or selling gold. Alternatively, as an emerging asset class with limited acceptance as a payment system or commodity, global crises and general economic downturns may discourage investment in cryptocurrency as investors focus their investment on less volatile asset classes as a means of hedging their investment risk. As an alternative to fiat currencies that are backed by central governments, cryptocurrency, which is relatively new, is subject to supply and demand forces. How such supply and demand will be impacted by geopolitical events is largely uncertain but could be harmful to us. Political or economic crises may motivate large-scale acquisitions or sales of cryptocurrency either globally or locally. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. We may not be able to compete with other companies, some of whom have greater resources and experience. We may not be able to compete successfully against present or future competitors. We do not have the resources to compete with larger providers of similar services at this time. The cryptocurrency industry has attracted various high-profile and well-established operators, some of which have substantially greater liquidity and financial resources than we do. With the limited resources we have available, we may experience great difficulties in expanding and improving our network of computers to remain competitive. Competition from existing and future competitors, particularly those that have access to competitively-priced energy, could result in our inability to secure acquisitions and partnerships that we may need to expand our business in the future. This competition from other entities with greater resources, experience and reputations may result in our failure to maintain or expand our business, as we may never be able to successfully execute our business plan. If we are unable to expand and remain competitive, our business could be negatively affected. The mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment may experience damages, including damages that are not covered by insurance. The mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment are, and any future mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment will be, subject to a variety of risks relating to physical condition and operation, including: • the presence of construction or repair defects or other structural or building damage; • any non-compliance with or liabilities under applicable environmental, health or safety regulations or requirements or building permit requirements; • any damage resulting from natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods, and windstorms; and • claims by employees and others for injuries sustained at our properties. For example, the mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment could be rendered inoperable, temporarily or permanently, as a result of a fire or other natural disaster or by a terrorist or other attack on the facilities where our mining equipment is located. Although we have multiple sites in an effort to mitigate this risk, these and other measures we take to protect against these risks may not be sufficient. Any property insurance we obtain in the future may not be adequate to cover any losses we suffer as a result of any of these events. In the event of an uninsured loss, including a loss in excess of insured limits, at any of the mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment, such mining data centers may not be adequately repaired in a timely manner or at all and we may lose some or all of the future revenues anticipated to be derived from our equipment located at such mining data centers. 16 The dynamic nature of cryptocurrency exchanges which Bitcoin, and other cryptocurrency, are traded on may cause disruptions in the cryptocurrency markets, which may expose us to the effects of negative publicity resulting from fraudulent actors in the cryptocurrency space, and can adversely affect an investment in us. The cryptocurrency exchanges on which Bitcoin is traded are relatively new. Many cryptocurrency exchanges do not provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices, or regulatory compliance. As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in, or may experience problems relating to, such cryptocurrency exchanges, including prominent exchanges handling a significant portion of the volume of cryptocurrency trading. In the recent past, a number of companies in the cryptocurrency industry declared bankruptcy. Such bankruptcies have contributed, at least in part, to further price volatility in most cryptocurrencies, a loss of confidence in the participants of the cryptocurrency ecosystem and negative publicity surrounding cryptocurrencies more broadly, and other participants and entities in the cryptocurrency industry have been, and may continue to be, negatively affected. These events have also negatively impacted the demand for the cryptocurrency markets. As a result of these events, many cryptocurrency markets, including the market for Bitcoin, have experienced increased price volatility. The Bitcoin ecosystem may continue to be negatively impacted and experience long term volatility if public confidence decreases. These events are continuing to develop and it is not possible to predict, at this time, every risk that they may pose to us, our service providers, or the cryptocurrency industry as a whole. A perceived lack of stability in the cryptocurrency exchange market and the closure or temporary shutdown of cryptocurrency exchanges due to business failure, hackers or malware, government-mandated regulation, or fraud, may reduce confidence in cryptocurrency networks and result in greater volatility in cryptocurrency values. These potential consequences of a cryptocurrency exchange's failure could adversely affect an investment in us. It may be illegal now, or in the future, to acquire, own, hold, sell, or use cryptocurrency, participate in blockchains or utilize similar cryptocurrency in one or more countries, the ruling of which would adversely affect us. As cryptocurrency has grown in both popularity and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to cryptocurrency; certain governments have deemed them illegal, and others have allowed their use and trade without restriction, while in some jurisdictions, such as in the United States, subject to extensive and evolving regulatory requirements. Until recently, little, or no regulatory attention has been directed toward cryptocurrency by U.S. federal and state governments, foreign governments, and self-regulatory agencies. As cryptocurrency has grown in popularity and in market size, the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Congress, and certain U.S. agencies have begun to examine cryptocurrency in more detail. One or more countries, including but not limited to China, which have taken harsh regulatory action in the past, may take regulatory actions in the future that could severely restrict the right to acquire, own, hold, sell, or use cryptocurrency or to exchange for fiat currency. In many nations, particularly in China, it is illegal to accept payment in cryptocurrency for consumer transactions and banking institutions are barred from accepting deposits of cryptocurrency. Such restrictions may adversely affect us as the large-scale use of cryptocurrency as a means of exchange is presently confined to certain regions globally. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations, and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, and harm investors. Investors may not have the same protections that exist for traditional stock exchanges. Traditional stock exchanges have listing requirements and vet issuers, requiring them to be subjected to rigorous listing standards and rules, and monitor investors transacting on such platform for fraud and other improprieties. Depending on a ledger-based platform's controls and the other policies of the ledger-based platform on which a given cryptocurrency trades, such cryptocurrency may not benefit from the protections afforded to traditional stock exchanges. For ledger-based platforms that do not provide sufficient protections, there is a risk of fraud and manipulation. These factors may decrease liquidity or volume of a given ledger-based platform or of the cryptocurrency industry in general or may otherwise increase volatility of investment securities or other assets trading on a ledger-based system. Such potential decreased liquidity or volume, or increase in volatility may adversely affect us, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account and harm investors. 17 Our operations, investment strategies and profitability may be adversely affected by competition from other methods of investing in cryptocurrency. We compete with other users and/or companies that are mining cryptocurrency and other potential financial vehicles, including securities backed by or linked to cryptocurrency through entities similar to us. Market and financial conditions, and other conditions beyond our control, may make it more attractive to invest in other financial vehicles, or to invest in cryptocurrency directly. The emergence of other financial vehicles and exchange-traded funds have been scrutinized by regulators and such scrutiny and the negative impressions or conclusions resulting from such scrutiny could be applicable to us and impact our ability to successfully pursue our strategy or operate at all, or to establish or maintain a public market for our securities. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, and harm investors. Cryptocurrency may be subject to loss, theft, or restriction on access. There is a risk that some or all of our Bitcoin that we own could be lost or stolen. Cryptocurrency is stored in sites commonly referred to as “wallets” by holders of cryptocurrency which may be accessed to exchange a holder’s cryptocurrency. Access to our Bitcoin could also be restricted by cybercrime (such as a denial of service attack). Cold storage refers to any cryptocurrency wallet that is not connected to the Internet. Cold storage is generally more secure than hot storage, but is not ideal for quick or regular transactions and we may experience lag time in our ability to respond to market fluctuations in the price of our Bitcoin. We expect to hold our Bitcoin in a combination of insured institutional custody services and multi signature cold storage wallets, and maintain secure backups to reduce the risk of malfeasance, but the risk of loss of our Bitcoin cannot be wholly eliminated. Any restrictions on access to our Bitcoin due to cybercrime or other reasons could limit our ability to convert cryptocurrency to cash, potentially resulting in liquidity issues. Currently, we have Bitcoin wallets custodied by Bitgo and Coinbase (each, a “Custodian” and together, the “Custodians”). All of our wallets held by the Custodians are cold wallets. Such arrangements are governed by each Custodian’s terms of service, and we do not have an agreement with either Custodian other than such terms of service. When we decide to sell Bitcoin, we transfer it from our digital wallets held by the applicable Custodian to our trading account wallet, which is held by us. We do not currently have a specific policy for how or when to sell Bitcoin for fiat currency to fund our operations for growth or through what exchange we do so, or whether we should hold our mining rewards for investment purposes. Currently, our Bitcoin is not held for long periods of time and it is generally sold in order to fund our operations. Transfers through Bitgo over a certain size require video conference verification to ensure that the request came from one of our authorized signors, and that we in fact authorized the transfer in question. Hackers or malicious actors may launch attacks to steal, compromise or secure cryptocurrency. As we increase in size, we may become a more appealing target of hackers, malware, cyber-attacks, or other security threats. Any of these events may adversely affect our operations and, consequently, our investments and profitability. The loss or destruction of a private key required to access our digital wallets may be irreversible and we may be denied access for all time to our Bitcoin holdings or the holdings of others held in those compromised wallets. Our loss of access to our private keys or a data loss relating to our digital wallets could adversely affect our investments and assets. Cryptocurrency is controllable only by the possessor of both the unique public and private keys relating to the local or online digital wallet in which they are held, which wallet’s public key or address is reflected in the network’s public blockchain. To the extent such private keys are lost, destroyed, or otherwise compromised, we will be unable to access our Bitcoin rewards and such private keys may not be capable of being restored by any network. Any loss of private keys relating to digital wallets used to store our Bitcoin could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 18 We may not have adequate sources of recovery if our Bitcoin holdings are lost, stolen or destroyed. We rely on BitGo to facilitate the custody of our Bitcoin. If our Bitcoin holdings are lost, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering a party, including BitGo, liable to us, the responsible party may not have the financial resources sufficient to satisfy our claim. For example, as to a particular event of loss, the only source of recovery for us might be limited, to the extent identifiable, to other responsible third parties (e.g., a thief or terrorist), any of which may not have the financial resources (including liability insurance coverage) to satisfy a valid claim of ours. While BitGo maintains insurance coverage of such types and amounts as BitGo asserts to be commercially reasonable for its custodial services provided under our custody agreement with BitGo, including certain commercial crime insurance of limited aggregate principal amount which covers losses stemming from fraud, security breach, hack and asset theft, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to protect us against all losses of our Bitcoin holdings held in custody with BitGo, whether or not stemming from security breaches, cyberattacks or other types of unlawful activity. Incorrect or fraudulent cryptocurrency transactions may be irreversible. Cryptocurrency transactions are irrevocable and stolen or incorrectly transferred cryptocurrency may be irretrievable. As a result, any incorrectly executed or fraudulent cryptocurrency transactions could adversely affect our investments and assets. Cryptocurrency transactions are not, from an administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and active participation of the recipient of the cryptocurrency from the transaction. Once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added to a blockchain, an incorrect transfer of a cryptocurrency or a theft thereof generally will not be reversible and we may not have sufficient recourse to recover our losses from any such transfer or theft. It is possible that, through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal action, our Bitcoin rewards could be transferred in incorrect amounts or to unauthorized third parties, or to uncontrolled accounts. Further, at this time, there is no specifically enumerated U.S. or foreign governmental, regulatory, investigative or prosecutorial authority or mechanism through which to bring an action or complaint regarding missing or stolen cryptocurrency. In the event of a loss, we would be reliant on existing private investigative entities to investigate any such loss of our Bitcoin. To the extent that we are unable to recover our losses from such action, error or theft, such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations of and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. Our interactions with a blockchain may expose us to specially designated nationals or blocked persons or cause us to violate provisions of law that did not contemplate distributed ledger technology. The Office of Financial Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury (“OFAC”) requires us to comply with its sanction program and not conduct business with persons named on its specially designated nationals list. However, because of the pseudonymous nature of blockchain transactions, we may inadvertently and without our knowledge engage in transactions with persons named on OFAC's specially designated nationals list. Our policy prohibits any transactions with such specially designated national individuals, but we may not be adequately capable of determining the ultimate identity of the individual with whom we transact with respect to selling cryptocurrency. We do not directly sell Bitcoin to individuals; rather our custodial partners sell Bitcoin on our behalf. We require that our custodial partners who sell our cryptocurrency to have standard industry anti-money laundering (AML), know your customer (KYC) and OFAC policies. To the extent government enforcement authorities literally enforce these and other laws and regulations that are impacted by decentralized distributed ledger technology, we may be subject to investigation, administrative or court proceedings, and monetary fines and penalties, which could harm our reputation. The price of cryptocurrency may be affected by the sale of cryptocurrency by other vehicles investing in cryptocurrency or tracking cryptocurrency markets. The mathematical protocols under which cryptocurrency is mined permit the creation of a limited, predetermined amount of currency, while others have no limit established on total supply. To the extent that other vehicles investing in cryptocurrency or tracking cryptocurrency markets form and come to represent a significant proportion of the demand for a cryptocurrency, large redemptions of the securities of those vehicles and the subsequent sale of such cryptocurrency by such vehicles could negatively affect the price and value of the cryptocurrency inventory we hold. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 19 Bitcoin is subject to halving, and our Bitcoin mining operations may generate less revenue as a result. At mathematically predetermined intervals, the number of new Bitcoin awarded for solving a block is cut in half, which is referred to as “halving.” Bitcoin halving occurred in April 2024, at which time the block rewards for Bitcoin halved from 6.25 to 3.125. While we cannot predict the exact date of the next halving, as it is predicated on factors such as the block height and the network hashrate, halving happens every 210,000 blocks, and the next Bitcoin halving is expected to occur in 2028. While Bitcoin prices have historically increased around these halving events, there is no guarantee that the price change will be favorable or would compensate for the reduction in mining rewards. If a corresponding and proportionate increase in the price of Bitcoin does not follow the upcoming or future halving events, the revenue we earn from our Bitcoin mining operations would see a decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The maximum number of Bitcoins that may be released into circulation is 21 million, and the number of Bitcoin currently in circulation is approximately 19.9 million. As the number of Bitcoin available to be mined narrows, we expect the fees for Bitcoin transactions to increase. Eventually, once the majority of Bitcoin is mined and in circulation, we expect to see revenue from transaction fees to exceed the revenue from mining Bitcoin. Once this occurs, we may need to find additional ways to increase our revenue, which could include entering into other areas within the cryptocurrency industry. There are risks related to technological obsolescence, the vulnerability of the global supply chain to cryptocurrency hardware disruption, and difficulty in obtaining new hardware which may have a negative effect on our business. Our mining operations can only be successful and ultimately profitable if the costs of mining cryptocurrency, including hardware and electricity costs, associated with mining cryptocurrency are lower than the price of cryptocurrency. As our mining facility operates, our miners experience ordinary wear and tear, and may also face more significant malfunctions caused by a number of extraneous factors beyond our control. The physical degradation of our miners will require us to, over time, replace those miners which are no longer functional. Additionally, as the technology evolves, we may be required to acquire newer models of miners to remain competitive in the market. Also, because we expect to depreciate all new miners, our reported operating results will be negatively affected. Further, the global supply chain for cryptocurrency miners is presently heavily dependent on China. Should disruptions to the China-based global supply chain for cryptocurrency hardware occur, we may not be able to obtain adequate replacement parts for existing miners or to obtain additional miners from the manufacturer on a timely basis. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to pursue our new strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not adequately respond to price fluctuations and rapidly changing technology, which may negatively affect our business. Competitive conditions within the cryptocurrency industry require that we use sophisticated technology in the operation of our business. The industry for blockchain technology is characterized by rapid technological changes, new product introductions, enhancements, and evolving industry standards. New technologies, techniques or products could emerge that might offer better performance than the software and other technologies we currently utilize, and we may have to manage transitions to these new technologies to remain competitive. We may not be successful, generally or relative to our competitors in the cryptocurrency industry, in timely implementing new technology into our systems, or doing so in a cost-effective manner. As a result, our business and operations may suffer. The reward for mining cryptocurrency in the future may decrease, and the value of cryptocurrency may not adjust to compensate us for the reduction in the rewards we receive from our mining efforts. There is no guarantee that price fluctuations of cryptocurrency will compensate for the reduction in mining rewards. If a corresponding and proportionate increase in the trading price of a cryptocurrency or a proportionate decrease in mining difficulty does not follow the decrease in rewards, the revenue we earn from our Bitcoin mining operations could see a corresponding decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 20 The value of Bitcoin may be subject to pricing risk and has historically been subject to wide swings. Bitcoin market prices, which have historically been volatile and are impacted by a variety of factors (including those discussed below), are determined primarily using data from various exchanges, over-the-counter markets, and derivative platforms. Furthermore, such prices may be subject to factors such as those that impact commodities, more so than business activities, which could be subjected to additional influence from fraudulent or illegitimate actors, real or perceived scarcity, and political, economic, regulatory, or other conditions. Pricing may be the result of, and may continue to result in, speculation regarding future appreciation in the value of cryptocurrency, inflating and making its market prices more volatile or creating “bubble” type risks for cryptocurrency. We may not be able to realize the benefits of forks. Forks in a cryptocurrency network may occur in the future which may affect the value of cryptocurrency held by us. To the extent that a significant majority of users and miners on a cryptocurrency network install software that changes the cryptocurrency network or properties of a cryptocurrency, including the irreversibility of transactions and limitations on the mining of new cryptocurrency, the cryptocurrency network would be subject to new protocols and software. However, if less than a significant majority of users and miners on the cryptocurrency network consent to the proposed modification, and the modification is not compatible with the software prior to its modification, the consequence would be what is known as a “fork” of the network, with one prong running the pre-modified software and the other running the modified software. The effect of such a fork would be the existence of two versions of the cryptocurrency running in parallel, yet lacking interchangeability and necessitating exchange-type transactions to convert currencies between the two forks. A fork in a cryptocurrency could adversely affect our business because we may not be able to realize the economic benefit of a fork, either immediately or ever, which could adversely affect our business. If we hold a cryptocurrency at the time of a hard fork into two cryptocurrencies, industry standards would dictate that we would be expected to hold an equivalent amount of the old and new assets following the fork. However, we have not in the past, and have no plans in the future, to use or participate in forks, and, as a result, we may not realize the economic benefit of a new asset created by a fork. Additionally, laws, regulations or other factors may prevent us from benefiting from the new asset. If a malicious actor or botnet obtains control in excess of 50% of the processing power active on any cryptocurrency network, it is possible that such actor or botnet could manipulate the blockchain in a manner that adversely affects an investment in us. If a malicious actor or botnet (a volunteer or hacked collection of computers controlled by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers) obtains a majority of the processing power dedicated to mining on any cryptocurrency network, it may be able to alter the blockchain by constructing alternate blocks if it is able to solve for such blocks faster than the remainder of the miners on the blockchain can add valid blocks. In such alternate blocks, the malicious actor or botnet could control, exclude, or modify the ordering of transactions, though it could not generate new cryptocurrency or transactions using such control. Using alternate blocks, the malicious actor could “double-spend” its own cryptocurrency (i.e., spend the same cryptocurrency in more than one transaction) and prevent the confirmation of other users’ transactions for so long as it maintains control. To the extent that such malicious actor or botnet does not yield its majority control of the processing power or the cryptocurrency community does not reject the fraudulent blocks as malicious, reversing any changes made to the blockchain may not be possible. Such changes could adversely affect an investment in us. The approach towards and possible crossing of the 50% threshold indicate a greater risk that a single mining pool could exert authority over the validation of cryptocurrency transactions. To the extent that the cryptocurrency ecosystems do not act to ensure greater decentralization of cryptocurrency mining processing power, the feasibility of a malicious actor obtaining more than 50% of the processing power on any cryptocurrency network (e.g., through control of a large mining pool or through hacking such a mining pool) will increase, which may adversely impact an investment in us. 21 Cryptocurrency, including those maintained by or for us, may be exposed to cybersecurity threats and hacks. As with any computer code generally, flaws in cryptocurrency codes may be exposed by malicious actors. Several errors and defects have been found previously, including those that disabled some functionality for users and exposed users’ information. Exploitation of flaws in the source code that allow malicious actors to take or create money have previously occurred. Despite our efforts and processes to prevent breaches, our devices, as well as our miners, computer systems and those of third parties that we use in our operations, are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyberattacks such as viruses and worms, phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, employee theft or misuse, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our miners and computer systems or those of third parties that we use in our operations. Such events could have a material adverse effect our business, prospects, or operations and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. Malicious cyber-attacks, attempted cybersecurity breaches, and other adverse events affecting our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could disrupt our businesses and cause losses. Despite defensive measures we have taken to protect, detect, respond, and recover from cyber threats, we experience cybersecurity threats and incidents from time to time, and it is possible that such defensive measures will be unsuccessful in mitigating a cybersecurity event. These events may arise from external factors such as governments, organized crime, hackers, and other third parties such as infrastructure-support providers and application developers, or may originate internally from an employee or service provider to whom we have granted access to our computer systems. If our security measures are breached, our business would suffer and we could incur material liability. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage computer systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. We also face the risk of operational disruption, failure or capacity constraints of any of the third-party service providers that facilitate our business activities. In addition, the increased flexibility for our employees to work remotely post-Pandemic has amplified certain risks related to, among other things, the increased demand on our information technology resources and systems, the increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and the increased number of points of possible attack, such as laptops and mobile devices (both of which are now being used in increased numbers), to be secured. Our remediation costs and lost revenues could be significant if we fall victim to a cyber-attack. If an actual, threatened or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed. We may be required to expend significant resources to repair system damage, pay a ransom, protect against the threat of future security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by any breaches. Our cash and other sources of liquidity may not be sufficient to fund our operations and there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within 12 months from the date of issuance of our financial statements and we may not be successful in raising additional capital necessary to meet expected increases in working capital needs, and if we raise additional funding through sales of equity or equity-based securities your shares will be diluted. Management has projected that based on our recurring losses, negative cash flows from operating activities, and our hashing rate at December 31, 2025, cash on hand may not be sufficient to allow us to continue operations and there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within 12 months from the date of issuance of our financial statements if we are unable to raise additional funding for operations. We expect our working capital needs to increase in the future as we continue to expand and enhance our operations. Our ability to raise additional funds for working capital through equity or debt financings or other sources may depend on the financial success of our business and successful implementation of our key strategic initiatives, financial, economic and market conditions and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We require additional capital and if we are unsuccessful in raising that capital at a reasonable cost and at the required times, or at all, we may not be able to continue our business operations in the cryptocurrency mining industry or we may be unable to advance our growth initiatives, either of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In an effort to mitigate these risks we are taking steps to lower our cost of mining and also refresh our mining fleet to increase our mining efficiency. 22 Significant changes from our current forecasts, including but not limited to: (i) shortfalls from projected mining earning levels; (ii) increases in operating costs; (iii) decreases in the value of cryptocurrency; and (iv) if we do not maintain compliance with the requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) and/or we do not maintain our listing with Nasdaq it could have a material adverse impact on our ability to access the level of funding necessary to continue our operations at current levels. These factors, among others, should they occur may result in our inability to continue as a going concern within 12 months from the date of issuance of our financial statements The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business and do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. We have a history of net losses. We may not achieve or maintain profitability. We have limited non-recurring revenues derived from operations. We have a history of net losses, and we expect to continue to incur net losses and we may not achieve or maintain profitability. We may see continued losses during 2026 and as a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to achieve, sustain or increase profitability in the near future. We are subject to many risks common to early-stage enterprises, including under-capitalization, cash shortages, limitations with respect to personnel, financial, and other resources. There is no assurance that we will be successful in achieving a return on shareholders’ investment and the likelihood of success must be considered considering our stage of operations. The failure to attract, hire, retain and motivate key personnel could have a significant adverse impact on our operations. Our success depends on the retention and maintenance of key personnel, including members of senior management. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors, including competition for such highly skilled personnel; fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions; changes in our management or leadership; competitors’ hiring practices; and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. The loss of any of these key persons could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our success is also dependent on our continuing ability to identify, hire, train, motivate and retain highly qualified management and finance personnel. Any such new hires may require a significant transition period prior to making a meaningful contribution. Competition for qualified employees is particularly intense in the technology industry, and we have in the past experienced difficulty recruiting qualified employees. Our failure to attract and to retain the necessary qualified personnel could seriously harm our operating results and financial condition. Competition for such personnel can be intense, and no assurance can be provided that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified technical and managerial personnel in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability. We do not have key person insurance. Our financial results may fluctuate substantially for many reasons, and past results should not be relied on as indications of future performance. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and from year to year due to a combination of factors. Thus, there can be no assurance that we will be able to reach profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. We believe that our revenue and operating results will continue to fluctuate, and that period-to-period comparisons are not necessarily indications of future performance. Our revenue and operating results may fail to meet the expectations of public market analysts or investors, which could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common shares. In addition, portions of our expenses are fixed and difficult to reduce if our revenues do not meet our expectations. These fixed expenses magnify the adverse effect of any revenue shortfall. Our plans for implementing our business strategy and achieving profitability are based upon the experience, judgment and assumptions of our key management personnel, and available information concerning the communications and technology industries. If management’s assumptions prove to be incorrect, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 23 We may engage in strategic acquisitions and other arrangements that could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our shareholders, reduce our financial resources and harm our operating results. We may engage in strategic transactions as part of our growth strategy, in the future, we expect to seek additional opportunities to grow our mining operations, including through purchases of miners and facilities from other operating companies, including companies in financial distress. Our ability to grow through future acquisitions will depend on the availability of, and our ability to identify, suitable acquisition and investment opportunities at an acceptable cost, our ability to compete effectively to attract those opportunities and the availability of financing to complete acquisitions. Future acquisitions will likely require us to issue common shares that would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage ownership, assume or otherwise be subject to liabilities of an acquired company, record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges, incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets, incur large acquisition and integration costs, immediate write-offs, and restructuring and other related expenses and/or become subject to litigation. The benefits of an acquisition may also take considerable time to develop, and we cannot be certain that any particular acquisition will produce the intended benefits in a timely manner or to the extent anticipated or at all. We may experience difficulties integrating the operations, technologies and personnel of an acquired company or be subjected to liability for the target’s pre-acquisition activities or operations as a successor in interest. Such integration may divert management’s attention from normal daily operations of our business. Future acquisitions may also expose us to potential risks, including risks associated with entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience, especially when competitors in such markets have stronger market positions, the possibility of insufficient revenues to offset the expenses we incur in connection with an acquisition and the potential loss of, or harm to, our relationships with employees and suppliers as a result of integration of new businesses. We may not be able to timely complete our future strategic growth initiatives or within our anticipated cost estimates, if at all. As part of our efforts to grow our hashrate and remain competitive in the market, we have completed a self-owned infrastructure for our 8 MW site in Iowa and invested in additional new mining equipment. We are also reliant on third parties for our expansion efforts, including providers of infrastructure equipment, who may be burdened by delays in manufacturing, supply chain problems, less access to capital due to macro-economic conditions, or inflation. This could increase our costs and/or delay our expansion and acquisition efforts. If we are unable to complete our planned expansions or acquisitions on schedule and within our anticipated cost estimates, our deployment of newly purchased mining equipment may be delayed, which could affect our competitiveness and our results of operation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the market price for our securities. We may experience increased compliance costs as a result of future strategic acquisitions. Future strategic acquisitions could carry substantial compliance burdens, which may limit our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, and may require our management and personnel to shift their focus to such compliance burdens and away from their other functions. Such increased costs and compliance burdens could affect our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of such strategic acquisitions, and our business, results of operations and financial condition may suffer as a result. Risks Related to Our Public Company Status and Our Common Shares Sales of common shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants, the conversion of outstanding preferred shares, or the effectiveness of our registration statement may cause the market price of our common shares to decline. As of December 31, 2025 we had warrants outstanding for the purchase of up to 1,324,534 common shares having a weighted-average exercise price of $85.32 per share. The sale of our common shares upon exercise of our outstanding warrants, or the sale of a significant amount of the common shares issued or issuable upon exercise of the warrants in the open market, or the perception that these sales may occur, could cause the market price of our common shares to decline or become highly volatile. 24 We may issue additional shares or other equity securities without your approval, which would dilute your ownership interest in us and may depress the market price of our common shares. We may issue additional shares or other equity securities in the future in connection with, among other things, future acquisitions, repayment of outstanding indebtedness or grants without shareholder approval in a number of circumstances. The issuance of additional shares or other equity securities could have one or more of the following effects: • our existing shareholders’ proportionate ownership interest will decrease; • the amount of cash available per share, including for payment of dividends in the future, may decrease; • the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding share may be diminished; and • the market price of our common shares may decline. The market price of our common shares is volatile and it may decline significantly. The market price for our common shares is volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: • price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, the cryptocurrency market, and of Bitcoin mining stocks from time to time; • future capital raising activities; • sales of common shares by holders thereof or by us; • changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow us, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; • the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections or our failure to meet those projections; • rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; • actual or anticipated changes in our operating results or fluctuations in our operating results; • actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors’ businesses or the competitive landscape generally; • litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; • developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; • announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors; • new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to us and our business; • any significant change in our executive officers and other key personnel or Board of Directors; • release of transfer restrictions on certain outstanding common shares; and • fluctuating or anticipated changes in power markets. Financial markets may experience price and volume fluctuations that affect the market prices of equity securities of companies and that are unrelated to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. Accordingly, the market price of the common shares may decline even if our operating results, underlying asset values or prospects have not changed. As well, certain institutional investors may base their investment decisions on consideration of our governance and social practices and performance against such institutions’ respective investment guidelines and criteria, and failure to meet such criteria may result in a limited or no investment in our common shares by those institutions, which could adversely affect the trading price of our common shares. There can be no assurance that fluctuations in price and volume will not occur due to these and other factors. 25 In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may in the future be a target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management’s attention from day-to-day operations and consume resources, such as cash. In addition, the resolution of those matters may require us to issue additional common shares, which could potentially result in dilution to our existing shareholders. Expenses incurred in connection with these matters (which include fees of lawyers and other professional advisors and potential obligations to indemnify officers and directors who may be parties to such actions) could adversely affect our cash position. If our performance does not meet market expectations, the price of our common shares may decline. If our performance does not meet market expectations, the price of our common shares may decline. The market value of our common shares may vary significantly from the price of our common shares on the date of this Annual Report. In addition, fluctuations in the price of our common shares could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our common shares and our common shares may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. Factors affecting the trading price of our common shares may include: • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial results or the financial results of companies perceived to be similar to it; • changes in the market’s expectations about our operating results; • success of competitors; • our operating results failing to meet market expectations in a particular period; • changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us; • operating and share price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; • changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; • commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; • changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; • the volume of our shares available for public sale; • any significant change in our board or management; • sales of substantial amounts of shares by our directors, executive officers or significant shareholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and • general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. Broad market and industry factors may depress the market price of our common shares irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general and Nasdaq have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for technology, Bitcoin mining or sustainability-related stocks or the stocks of other companies that investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our share price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our common shares also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 26 If the trading price of our common shares fails to comply with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, we would face possible delisting, which would result in a limited public market for our common shares and make obtaining future debt or equity financing more difficult for us. Companies listed on Nasdaq are subject to delisting for, among other things, failure to maintain a minimum closing bid price of $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) and 5810(c)(3)(A) (the “Nasdaq Listing Rules”). On March 6, 2025, we received a notice from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC stating that the bid price of our common shares for the last 30 consecutive trading days had closed below the minimum $1.00 per share required for continued listing under Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the “Listing Rule”). We had a period of 180 calendar days to regain compliance with the Listing Rule. In September 2025, we received an extension for a period of 180 calendar days, or until March 2, 2026, to regain compliance with the Listing Rule. On February 9, 2026, we filed an Articles of Amendment to effect a share consolidation (also known as a reverse stock split) of our issued and outstanding common shares in the ratio of 1-for-10. The share consolidation was effective on February 9, 2026. Our common shares began trading on an adjusted basis on the Nasdaq Capital Market at the opening of trading on February 10, 2026. On February 26, 2026, we received notification from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department that we are in compliance with the Listing Rule. We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. Our share price may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their shares have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. We will continue to incur substantial costs and obligations as a result of being a public company. As a publicly traded company, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses. In addition, new and changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure for public companies, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), regulations related thereto and the rules and regulations of the United States SEC and Nasdaq, have increased the costs and the time that must be devoted to compliance matters. We expect these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial costs and lead to a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities. We must comply with the financial reporting requirements of a public company, as well as other requirements associated with being listed on Nasdaq. We are subject to reporting and other obligations under applicable Canadian securities laws, SEC rules and the rules of Nasdaq. These reporting and other obligations, including National Instrument 52-102 - Continuous Disclosure Obligations and National Instrument 52-109 - Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings, place significant demands on our management, administrative, operational, and accounting resources. Moreover, any failure to maintain effective internal controls could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results could be materially harmed, which could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could result in a lower trading price of our common shares. 27 Management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and implemented, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues within a company are detected. The inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Controls can also be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. Due to the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error, or fraud may occur and not be detected. We may be treated as a Passive Foreign Investment Company. There is also an ongoing risk that we may be treated as a Passive Foreign Investment Company (“PFIC”), for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A non-U.S. corporation generally will be considered to be a PFIC for any taxable year in which 75% or more of its gross income is passive income, or 50% or more of the average value of its assets are considered “passive assets” (generally, assets that generate passive income). This determination is highly factual, and will depend upon, among other things, our market valuation and future financial performance. Based on current business plans and financial expectations, we do not believe we were a PFIC for our tax year ended December 31, 2025, and based on current business plans and financial expectations, we expect that we will not be a PFIC for our current tax year ending December 31, 2026 or for the foreseeable future. If we were to be classified as a PFIC for any future taxable year, holders of our common shares who are U.S. taxpayers would be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. Certain of our directors, officers and management could be in a position of conflict of interest. Certain of our directors, officers and members of management may also serve as directors and/or officers of other companies. We may contract with such directors, officers, members of management and such other companies or with affiliated parties or other companies in which such directors, officers, or members of management own or control. These persons may obtain compensation and other benefits in transactions relating to us. Consequently, there exists the possibility for such directors, officers, and members of management to be in a position of conflict. We may issue an unlimited number of common shares. Future sales of common shares will dilute your shares. Our articles permit the issuance of an unlimited number of common shares, and shareholders will have no preemptive rights in connection with such further issuances. With limited exceptions, we are generally not restricted from issuing additional common shares, including any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, common shares. The market price of our common shares could decline as a result of sales of common shares or securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, common shares after this offering or the perception that such sales could occur. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. Item 1C. Cybersecurity We understand the importance of preventing, assessing, identifying, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats. Cybersecurity processes to assess, identify and manage risks from cybersecurity threats have been incorporated as a part of our overall risk assessment process and have been embedded in our operating procedures, internal controls and information systems. We have engaged a third-party vendor to provide a variety of cybersecurity services ranging from ongoing security advisory services to cybersecurity monitoring and response management. 28 We use a risk-based approach to identifying and overseeing cybersecurity risks presented by third parties, including

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, service providers and other external users of our systems, as well as the systems of third parties that could adversely impact our business in the event of a cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems. For third parties that we rely upon for certain IT systems, we seek to use only reputable providers, to use the most recently reliable versions of such systems, and monitor and address alerts for potential vulnerabilities to any such systems. We do not believe that risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Our Board of Directors oversees management’s processes for identifying and mitigating risks, including cybersecurity risks, to help align our risk exposure with our strategic objectives. Our Chief Executive Officer is responsible for assessing and managing cybersecurity risks, responding to any cybersecurity incidents and reporting any such incidents to our Board of Directors, and periodically briefs our Board of Directors on our cybersecurity and information security posture and on any cybersecurity incidents deemed to have a moderate or higher business impact. In the event of a material cybersecurity incident, our cybersecurity consultant has extensive information technology and program management experience . We believe that we have implemented a governance structure and processes that are equipped to assess, identify, manage and report cybersecurity risks. Refer to “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials that may be subject to price fluctuations or shortages, including ASIC chips that have been subject to a significant shortage. In order to build and sustain our self-mining operations we will depend on third parties to provide us with ASIC chips and other critical components for our mining equipment, which may be subject to price fluctuations or shortages. For example, the ASIC chip is the key component of a mining machine as it determines the efficiency of the device. The production of ASIC chips typically requires highly sophisticated silicon wafers, which currently only a small number of fabrication facilities, or wafer foundries, in the world are capable of producing. We believe that the previous microchip shortage that the entire industry experienced lead to price fluctuations and disruption in the supply of key miner components. Specifically, the ASIC chips have recently been subject to a significant price increases and shortages. We do not currently have agreements in place for the supply of ASIC chips. There is a risk that a manufacturer or seller of ASIC chips or other necessary mining equipment may adjust the prices based on fluctuations in cryptocurrency prices or otherwise, and the cost of new machines could become unpredictable and extremely high. As a result, at times, we may be forced to obtain Bitcoin mining machines and other hardware at premium prices, to the extent they are even available. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Our miners are designed to mine Bitcoin and may not be readily adaptable to other uses, a sustained decline in Bitcoin value could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We have invested substantial capital in acquiring miners using ASIC chips designed specifically to mine Bitcoin using the 256-bit secure hashing algorithm (“SHA-256”) as efficiently and as rapidly as possible based on our assumption that we will be able to use them to mine Bitcoin and generate revenue from our operations. Therefore, our Bitcoin mining operations focus exclusively on mining Bitcoin, and our Bitcoin mining revenue is based on the value of Bitcoin we mine. Accordingly, if the value of Bitcoin declines and fails to recover, for example, because of the development and acceptance of competing blockchain platforms or technologies, including competing cryptocurrencies which our miners may not be able to mine, the revenue we generate from our Bitcoin mining operations will likewise decline. Moreover, because our miners use these highly specialized ASIC chips, we may not be able to successfully repurpose them in a timely manner, if at all, to other uses, following a sustained decline in Bitcoin value or if the Bitcoin blockchain stops using SHA-256 for solving blocks. This would result in a material adverse effect on our business and could potentially impact our ability to continue as a going concern. 15 The impact of geopolitical and economic events on the supply and demand for cryptocurrency is uncertain. Geopolitical crises may motivate large-scale purchases of cryptocurrency, which could increase the price of cryptocurrency rapidly. This may increase the likelihood of a subsequent price decrease as crisis-driven purchasing behavior dissipates, adversely affecting the value of our inventory following such downward adjustment. Such risks are similar to the risks of purchasing commodities in uncertain times, such as the risk of purchasing, holding or selling gold. Alternatively, as an emerging asset class with limited acceptance as a payment system or commodity, global crises and general economic downturns may discourage investment in cryptocurrency as investors focus their investment on less volatile asset classes as a means of hedging their investment risk. As an alternative to fiat currencies that are backed by central governments, cryptocurrency, which is relatively new, is subject to supply and demand forces. How such supply and demand will be impacted by geopolitical events is largely uncertain but could be harmful to us. Political or economic crises may motivate large-scale acquisitions or sales of cryptocurrency either globally or locally. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects or operations and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. We may not be able to compete with other companies, some of whom have greater resources and experience. We may not be able to compete successfully against present or future competitors. We do not have the resources to compete with larger providers of similar services at this time. The cryptocurrency industry has attracted various high-profile and well-established operators, some of which have substantially greater liquidity and financial resources than we do. With the limited resources we have available, we may experience great difficulties in expanding and improving our network of computers to remain competitive. Competition from existing and future competitors, particularly those that have access to competitively-priced energy, could result in our inability to secure acquisitions and partnerships that we may need to expand our business in the future. This competition from other entities with greater resources, experience and reputations may result in our failure to maintain or expand our business, as we may never be able to successfully execute our business plan. If we are unable to expand and remain competitive, our business could be negatively affected. The mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment may experience damages, including damages that are not covered by insurance. The mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment are, and any future mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment will be, subject to a variety of risks relating to physical condition and operation, including: • the presence of construction or repair defects or other structural or building damage; • any non-compliance with or liabilities under applicable environmental, health or safety regulations or requirements or building permit requirements; • any damage resulting from natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires, floods, and windstorms; and • claims by employees and others for injuries sustained at our properties. For example, the mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment could be rendered inoperable, temporarily or permanently, as a result of a fire or other natural disaster or by a terrorist or other attack on the facilities where our mining equipment is located. Although we have multiple sites in an effort to mitigate this risk, these and other measures we take to protect against these risks may not be sufficient. Any property insurance we obtain in the future may not be adequate to cover any losses we suffer as a result of any of these events. In the event of an uninsured loss, including a loss in excess of insured limits, at any of the mining data centers at which we maintain our mining equipment, such mining data centers may not be adequately repaired in a timely manner or at all and we may lose some or all of the future revenues anticipated to be derived from our equipment located at such mining data centers. 16 The dynamic nature of cryptocurrency exchanges which Bitcoin, and other cryptocurrency, are traded on may cause disruptions in the cryptocurrency markets, which may expose us to the effects of negative publicity resulting from fraudulent actors in the cryptocurrency space, and can adversely affect an investment in us. The cryptocurrency exchanges on which Bitcoin is traded are relatively new. Many cryptocurrency exchanges do not provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices, or regulatory compliance. As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence in, or may experience problems relating to, such cryptocurrency exchanges, including prominent exchanges handling a significant portion of the volume of cryptocurrency trading. In the recent past, a number of companies in the cryptocurrency industry declared bankruptcy. Such bankruptcies have contributed, at least in part, to further price volatility in most cryptocurrencies, a loss of confidence in the participants of the cryptocurrency ecosystem and negative publicity surrounding cryptocurrencies more broadly, and other participants and entities in the cryptocurrency industry have been, and may continue to be, negatively affected. These events have also negatively impacted the demand for the cryptocurrency markets. As a result of these events, many cryptocurrency markets, including the market for Bitcoin, have experienced increased price volatility. The Bitcoin ecosystem may continue to be negatively impacted and experience long term volatility if public confidence decreases. These events are continuing to develop and it is not possible to predict, at this time, every risk that they may pose to us, our service providers, or the cryptocurrency industry as a whole. A perceived lack of stability in the cryptocurrency exchange market and the closure or temporary shutdown of cryptocurrency exchanges due to business failure, hackers or malware, government-mandated regulation, or fraud, may reduce confidence in cryptocurrency networks and result in greater volatility in cryptocurrency values. These potential consequences of a cryptocurrency exchange's failure could adversely affect an investment in us. It may be illegal now, or in the future, to acquire, own, hold, sell, or use cryptocurrency, participate in blockchains or utilize similar cryptocurrency in one or more countries, the ruling of which would adversely affect us. As cryptocurrency has grown in both popularity and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to cryptocurrency; certain governments have deemed them illegal, and others have allowed their use and trade without restriction, while in some jurisdictions, such as in the United States, subject to extensive and evolving regulatory requirements. Until recently, little, or no regulatory attention has been directed toward cryptocurrency by U.S. federal and state governments, foreign governments, and self-regulatory agencies. As cryptocurrency has grown in popularity and in market size, the Federal Reserve Board, U.S. Congress, and certain U.S. agencies have begun to examine cryptocurrency in more detail. One or more countries, including but not limited to China, which have taken harsh regulatory action in the past, may take regulatory actions in the future that could severely restrict the right to acquire, own, hold, sell, or use cryptocurrency or to exchange for fiat currency. In many nations, particularly in China, it is illegal to accept payment in cryptocurrency for consumer transactions and banking institutions are barred from accepting deposits of cryptocurrency. Such restrictions may adversely affect us as the large-scale use of cryptocurrency as a means of exchange is presently confined to certain regions globally. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations, and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, and harm investors. Investors may not have the same protections that exist for traditional stock exchanges. Traditional stock exchanges have listing requirements and vet issuers, requiring them to be subjected to rigorous listing standards and rules, and monitor investors transacting on such platform for fraud and other improprieties. Depending on a ledger-based platform's controls and the other policies of the ledger-based platform on which a given cryptocurrency trades, such cryptocurrency may not benefit from the protections afforded to traditional stock exchanges. For ledger-based platforms that do not provide sufficient protections, there is a risk of fraud and manipulation. These factors may decrease liquidity or volume of a given ledger-based platform or of the cryptocurrency industry in general or may otherwise increase volatility of investment securities or other assets trading on a ledger-based system. Such potential decreased liquidity or volume, or increase in volatility may adversely affect us, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account and harm investors. 17 Our operations, investment strategies and profitability may be adversely affected by competition from other methods of investing in cryptocurrency. We compete with other users and/or companies that are mining cryptocurrency and other potential financial vehicles, including securities backed by or linked to cryptocurrency through entities similar to us. Market and financial conditions, and other conditions beyond our control, may make it more attractive to invest in other financial vehicles, or to invest in cryptocurrency directly. The emergence of other financial vehicles and exchange-traded funds have been scrutinized by regulators and such scrutiny and the negative impressions or conclusions resulting from such scrutiny could be applicable to us and impact our ability to successfully pursue our strategy or operate at all, or to establish or maintain a public market for our securities. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account, and harm investors. Cryptocurrency may be subject to loss, theft, or restriction on access. There is a risk that some or all of our Bitcoin that we own could be lost or stolen. Cryptocurrency is stored in sites commonly referred to as “wallets” by holders of cryptocurrency which may be accessed to exchange a holder’s cryptocurrency. Access to our Bitcoin could also be restricted by cybercrime (such as a denial of service attack). Cold storage refers to any cryptocurrency wallet that is not connected to the Internet. Cold storage is generally more secure than hot storage, but is not ideal for quick or regular transactions and we may experience lag time in our ability to respond to market fluctuations in the price of our Bitcoin. We expect to hold our Bitcoin in a combination of insured institutional custody services and multi signature cold storage wallets, and maintain secure backups to reduce the risk of malfeasance, but the risk of loss of our Bitcoin cannot be wholly eliminated. Any restrictions on access to our Bitcoin due to cybercrime or other reasons could limit our ability to convert cryptocurrency to cash, potentially resulting in liquidity issues. Currently, we have Bitcoin wallets custodied by Bitgo and Coinbase (each, a “Custodian” and together, the “Custodians”). All of our wallets held by the Custodians are cold wallets. Such arrangements are governed by each Custodian’s terms of service, and we do not have an agreement with either Custodian other than such terms of service. When we decide to sell Bitcoin, we transfer it from our digital wallets held by the applicable Custodian to our trading account wallet, which is held by us. We do not currently have a specific policy for how or when to sell Bitcoin for fiat currency to fund our operations for growth or through what exchange we do so, or whether we should hold our mining rewards for investment purposes. Currently, our Bitcoin is not held for long periods of time and it is generally sold in order to fund our operations. Transfers through Bitgo over a certain size require video conference verification to ensure that the request came from one of our authorized signors, and that we in fact authorized the transfer in question. Hackers or malicious actors may launch attacks to steal, compromise or secure cryptocurrency. As we increase in size, we may become a more appealing target of hackers, malware, cyber-attacks, or other security threats. Any of these events may adversely affect our operations and, consequently, our investments and profitability. The loss or destruction of a private key required to access our digital wallets may be irreversible and we may be denied access for all time to our Bitcoin holdings or the holdings of others held in those compromised wallets. Our loss of access to our private keys or a data loss relating to our digital wallets could adversely affect our investments and assets. Cryptocurrency is controllable only by the possessor of both the unique public and private keys relating to the local or online digital wallet in which they are held, which wallet’s public key or address is reflected in the network’s public blockchain. To the extent such private keys are lost, destroyed, or otherwise compromised, we will be unable to access our Bitcoin rewards and such private keys may not be capable of being restored by any network. Any loss of private keys relating to digital wallets used to store our Bitcoin could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 18 We may not have adequate sources of recovery if our Bitcoin holdings are lost, stolen or destroyed. We rely on BitGo to facilitate the custody of our Bitcoin. If our Bitcoin holdings are lost, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering a party, including BitGo, liable to us, the responsible party may not have the financial resources sufficient to satisfy our claim. For example, as to a particular event of loss, the only source of recovery for us might be limited, to the extent identifiable, to other responsible third parties (e.g., a thief or terrorist), any of which may not have the financial resources (including liability insurance coverage) to satisfy a valid claim of ours. While BitGo maintains insurance coverage of such types and amounts as BitGo asserts to be commercially reasonable for its custodial services provided under our custody agreement with BitGo, including certain commercial crime insurance of limited aggregate principal amount which covers losses stemming from fraud, security breach, hack and asset theft, such insurance coverage may be insufficient to protect us against all losses of our Bitcoin holdings held in custody with BitGo, whether or not stemming from security breaches, cyberattacks or other types of unlawful activity. Incorrect or fraudulent cryptocurrency transactions may be irreversible. Cryptocurrency transactions are irrevocable and stolen or incorrectly transferred cryptocurrency may be irretrievable. As a result, any incorrectly executed or fraudulent cryptocurrency transactions could adversely affect our investments and assets. Cryptocurrency transactions are not, from an administrative perspective, reversible without the consent and active participation of the recipient of the cryptocurrency from the transaction. Once a transaction has been verified and recorded in a block that is added to a blockchain, an incorrect transfer of a cryptocurrency or a theft thereof generally will not be reversible and we may not have sufficient recourse to recover our losses from any such transfer or theft. It is possible that, through computer or human error, or through theft or criminal action, our Bitcoin rewards could be transferred in incorrect amounts or to unauthorized third parties, or to uncontrolled accounts. Further, at this time, there is no specifically enumerated U.S. or foreign governmental, regulatory, investigative or prosecutorial authority or mechanism through which to bring an action or complaint regarding missing or stolen cryptocurrency. In the event of a loss, we would be reliant on existing private investigative entities to investigate any such loss of our Bitcoin. To the extent that we are unable to recover our losses from such action, error or theft, such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations of and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. Our interactions with a blockchain may expose us to specially designated nationals or blocked persons or cause us to violate provisions of law that did not contemplate distributed ledger technology. The Office of Financial Assets Control of the U.S. Department of Treasury (“OFAC”) requires us to comply with its sanction program and not conduct business with persons named on its specially designated nationals list. However, because of the pseudonymous nature of blockchain transactions, we may inadvertently and without our knowledge engage in transactions with persons named on OFAC's specially designated nationals list. Our policy prohibits any transactions with such specially designated national individuals, but we may not be adequately capable of determining the ultimate identity of the individual with whom we transact with respect to selling cryptocurrency. We do not directly sell Bitcoin to individuals; rather our custodial partners sell Bitcoin on our behalf. We require that our custodial partners who sell our cryptocurrency to have standard industry anti-money laundering (AML), know your customer (KYC) and OFAC policies. To the extent government enforcement authorities literally enforce these and other laws and regulations that are impacted by decentralized distributed ledger technology, we may be subject to investigation, administrative or court proceedings, and monetary fines and penalties, which could harm our reputation. The price of cryptocurrency may be affected by the sale of cryptocurrency by other vehicles investing in cryptocurrency or tracking cryptocurrency markets. The mathematical protocols under which cryptocurrency is mined permit the creation of a limited, predetermined amount of currency, while others have no limit established on total supply. To the extent that other vehicles investing in cryptocurrency or tracking cryptocurrency markets form and come to represent a significant proportion of the demand for a cryptocurrency, large redemptions of the securities of those vehicles and the subsequent sale of such cryptocurrency by such vehicles could negatively affect the price and value of the cryptocurrency inventory we hold. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue as a going concern or to pursue our new strategy at all, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, or operations and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. 19 Bitcoin is subject to halving, and our Bitcoin mining operations may generate less revenue as a result. At mathematically predetermined intervals, the number of new Bitcoin awarded for solving a block is cut in half, which is referred to as “halving.” Bitcoin halving occurred in April 2024, at which time the block rewards for Bitcoin halved from 6.25 to 3.125. While we cannot predict the exact date of the next halving, as it is predicated on factors such as the block height and the network hashrate, halving happens every 210,000 blocks, and the next Bitcoin halving is expected to occur in 2028. While Bitcoin prices have historically increased around these halving events, there is no guarantee that the price change will be favorable or would compensate for the reduction in mining rewards. If a corresponding and proportionate increase in the price of Bitcoin does not follow the upcoming or future halving events, the revenue we earn from our Bitcoin mining operations would see a decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. The maximum number of Bitcoins that may be released into circulation is 21 million, and the number of Bitcoin currently in circulation is approximately 19.9 million. As the number of Bitcoin available to be mined narrows, we expect the fees for Bitcoin transactions to increase. Eventually, once the majority of Bitcoin is mined and in circulation, we expect to see revenue from transaction fees to exceed the revenue from mining Bitcoin. Once this occurs, we may need to find additional ways to increase our revenue, which could include entering into other areas within the cryptocurrency industry. There are risks related to technological obsolescence, the vulnerability of the global supply chain to cryptocurrency hardware disruption, and difficulty in obtaining new hardware which may have a negative effect on our business. Our mining operations can only be successful and ultimately profitable if the costs of mining cryptocurrency, including hardware and electricity costs, associated with mining cryptocurrency are lower than the price of cryptocurrency. As our mining facility operates, our miners experience ordinary wear and tear, and may also face more significant malfunctions caused by a number of extraneous factors beyond our control. The physical degradation of our miners will require us to, over time, replace those miners which are no longer functional. Additionally, as the technology evolves, we may be required to acquire newer models of miners to remain competitive in the market. Also, because we expect to depreciate all new miners, our reported operating results will be negatively affected. Further, the global supply chain for cryptocurrency miners is presently heavily dependent on China. Should disruptions to the China-based global supply chain for cryptocurrency hardware occur, we may not be able to obtain adequate replacement parts for existing miners or to obtain additional miners from the manufacturer on a timely basis. Such events could have a material adverse effect on our ability to pursue our new strategy, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. We may not adequately respond to price fluctuations and rapidly changing technology, which may negatively affect our business. Competitive conditions within the cryptocurrency industry require that we use sophisticated technology in the operation of our business. The industry for blockchain technology is characterized by rapid technological changes, new product introductions, enhancements, and evolving industry standards. New technologies, techniques or products could emerge that might offer better performance than the software and other technologies we currently utilize, and we may have to manage transitions to these new technologies to remain competitive. We may not be successful, generally or relative to our competitors in the cryptocurrency industry, in timely implementing new technology into our systems, or doing so in a cost-effective manner. As a result, our business and operations may suffer. The reward for mining cryptocurrency in the future may decrease, and the value of cryptocurrency may not adjust to compensate us for the reduction in the rewards we receive from our mining efforts. There is no guarantee that price fluctuations of cryptocurrency will compensate for the reduction in mining rewards. If a corresponding and proportionate increase in the trading price of a cryptocurrency or a proportionate decrease in mining difficulty does not follow the decrease in rewards, the revenue we earn from our Bitcoin mining operations could see a corresponding decrease, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and operations. 20 The value of Bitcoin may be subject to pricing risk and has historically been subject to wide swings. Bitcoin market prices, which have historically been volatile and are impacted by a variety of factors (including those discussed below), are determined primarily using data from various exchanges, over-the-counter markets, and derivative platforms. Furthermore, such prices may be subject to factors such as those that impact commodities, more so than business activities, which could be subjected to additional influence from fraudulent or illegitimate actors, real or perceived scarcity, and political, economic, regulatory, or other conditions. Pricing may be the result of, and may continue to result in, speculation regarding future appreciation in the value of cryptocurrency, inflating and making its market prices more volatile or creating “bubble” type risks for cryptocurrency. We may not be able to realize the benefits of forks. Forks in a cryptocurrency network may occur in the future which may affect the value of cryptocurrency held by us. To the extent that a significant majority of users and miners on a cryptocurrency network install software that changes the cryptocurrency network or properties of a cryptocurrency, including the irreversibility of transactions and limitations on the mining of new cryptocurrency, the cryptocurrency network would be subject to new protocols and software. However, if less than a significant majority of users and miners on the cryptocurrency network consent to the proposed modification, and the modification is not compatible with the software prior to its modification, the consequence would be what is known as a “fork” of the network, with one prong running the pre-modified software and the other running the modified software. The effect of such a fork would be the existence of two versions of the cryptocurrency running in parallel, yet lacking interchangeability and necessitating exchange-type transactions to convert currencies between the two forks. A fork in a cryptocurrency could adversely affect our business because we may not be able to realize the economic benefit of a fork, either immediately or ever, which could adversely affect our business. If we hold a cryptocurrency at the time of a hard fork into two cryptocurrencies, industry standards would dictate that we would be expected to hold an equivalent amount of the old and new assets following the fork. However, we have not in the past, and have no plans in the future, to use or participate in forks, and, as a result, we may not realize the economic benefit of a new asset created by a fork. Additionally, laws, regulations or other factors may prevent us from benefiting from the new asset. If a malicious actor or botnet obtains control in excess of 50% of the processing power active on any cryptocurrency network, it is possible that such actor or botnet could manipulate the blockchain in a manner that adversely affects an investment in us. If a malicious actor or botnet (a volunteer or hacked collection of computers controlled by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers) obtains a majority of the processing power dedicated to mining on any cryptocurrency network, it may be able to alter the blockchain by constructing alternate blocks if it is able to solve for such blocks faster than the remainder of the miners on the blockchain can add valid blocks. In such alternate blocks, the malicious actor or botnet could control, exclude, or modify the ordering of transactions, though it could not generate new cryptocurrency or transactions using such control. Using alternate blocks, the malicious actor could “double-spend” its own cryptocurrency (i.e., spend the same cryptocurrency in more than one transaction) and prevent the confirmation of other users’ transactions for so long as it maintains control. To the extent that such malicious actor or botnet does not yield its majority control of the processing power or the cryptocurrency community does not reject the fraudulent blocks as malicious, reversing any changes made to the blockchain may not be possible. Such changes could adversely affect an investment in us. The approach towards and possible crossing of the 50% threshold indicate a greater risk that a single mining pool could exert authority over the validation of cryptocurrency transactions. To the extent that the cryptocurrency ecosystems do not act to ensure greater decentralization of cryptocurrency mining processing power, the feasibility of a malicious actor obtaining more than 50% of the processing power on any cryptocurrency network (e.g., through control of a large mining pool or through hacking such a mining pool) will increase, which may adversely impact an investment in us. 21 Cryptocurrency, including those maintained by or for us, may be exposed to cybersecurity threats and hacks. As with any computer code generally, flaws in cryptocurrency codes may be exposed by malicious actors. Several errors and defects have been found previously, including those that disabled some functionality for users and exposed users’ information. Exploitation of flaws in the source code that allow malicious actors to take or create money have previously occurred. Despite our efforts and processes to prevent breaches, our devices, as well as our miners, computer systems and those of third parties that we use in our operations, are vulnerable to cybersecurity risks, including cyberattacks such as viruses and worms, phishing attacks, denial-of-service attacks, physical or electronic break-ins, employee theft or misuse, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our miners and computer systems or those of third parties that we use in our operations. Such events could have a material adverse effect our business, prospects, or operations and potentially the value of Bitcoin that we mine or otherwise acquire or hold for our own account. Malicious cyber-attacks, attempted cybersecurity breaches, and other adverse events affecting our operational systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could disrupt our businesses and cause losses. Despite defensive measures we have taken to protect, detect, respond, and recover from cyber threats, we experience cybersecurity threats and incidents from time to time, and it is possible that such defensive measures will be unsuccessful in mitigating a cybersecurity event. These events may arise from external factors such as governments, organized crime, hackers, and other third parties such as infrastructure-support providers and application developers, or may originate internally from an employee or service provider to whom we have granted access to our computer systems. If our security measures are breached, our business would suffer and we could incur material liability. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage computer systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. We also face the risk of operational disruption, failure or capacity constraints of any of the third-party service providers that facilitate our business activities. In addition, the increased flexibility for our employees to work remotely post-Pandemic has amplified certain risks related to, among other things, the increased demand on our information technology resources and systems, the increased risk of phishing and other cybersecurity attacks, and the increased number of points of possible attack, such as laptops and mobile devices (both of which are now being used in increased numbers), to be secured. Our remediation costs and lost revenues could be significant if we fall victim to a cyber-attack. If an actual, threatened or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed. We may be required to expend significant resources to repair system damage, pay a ransom, protect against the threat of future security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by any breaches. Our cash and other sources of liquidity may not be sufficient to fund our operations and there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within 12 months from the date of issuance of our financial statements and we may not be successful in raising additional capital necessary to meet expected increases in working capital needs, and if we raise additional funding through sales of equity or equity-based securities your shares will be diluted. Management has projected that based on our recurring losses, negative cash flows from operating activities, and our hashing rate at December 31, 2025, cash on hand may not be sufficient to allow us to continue operations and there is substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within 12 months from the date of issuance of our financial statements if we are unable to raise additional funding for operations. We expect our working capital needs to increase in the future as we continue to expand and enhance our operations. Our ability to raise additional funds for working capital through equity or debt financings or other sources may depend on the financial success of our business and successful implementation of our key strategic initiatives, financial, economic and market conditions and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. We require additional capital and if we are unsuccessful in raising that capital at a reasonable cost and at the required times, or at all, we may not be able to continue our business operations in the cryptocurrency mining industry or we may be unable to advance our growth initiatives, either of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. In an effort to mitigate these risks we are taking steps to lower our cost of mining and also refresh our mining fleet to increase our mining efficiency. 22 Significant changes from our current forecasts, including but not limited to: (i) shortfalls from projected mining earning levels; (ii) increases in operating costs; (iii) decreases in the value of cryptocurrency; and (iv) if we do not maintain compliance with the requirements of The Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) and/or we do not maintain our listing with Nasdaq it could have a material adverse impact on our ability to access the level of funding necessary to continue our operations at current levels. These factors, among others, should they occur may result in our inability to continue as a going concern within 12 months from the date of issuance of our financial statements The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business and do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. We have a history of net losses. We may not achieve or maintain profitability. We have limited non-recurring revenues derived from operations. We have a history of net losses, and we expect to continue to incur net losses and we may not achieve or maintain profitability. We may see continued losses during 2026 and as a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to achieve, sustain or increase profitability in the near future. We are subject to many risks common to early-stage enterprises, including under-capitalization, cash shortages, limitations with respect to personnel, financial, and other resources. There is no assurance that we will be successful in achieving a return on shareholders’ investment and the likelihood of success must be considered considering our stage of operations. The failure to attract, hire, retain and motivate key personnel could have a significant adverse impact on our operations. Our success depends on the retention and maintenance of key personnel, including members of senior management. Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors, including competition for such highly skilled personnel; fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions; changes in our management or leadership; competitors’ hiring practices; and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. The loss of any of these key persons could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our success is also dependent on our continuing ability to identify, hire, train, motivate and retain highly qualified management and finance personnel. Any such new hires may require a significant transition period prior to making a meaningful contribution. Competition for qualified employees is particularly intense in the technology industry, and we have in the past experienced difficulty recruiting qualified employees. Our failure to attract and to retain the necessary qualified personnel could seriously harm our operating results and financial condition. Competition for such personnel can be intense, and no assurance can be provided that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified technical and managerial personnel in the future, which may have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability. We do not have key person insurance. Our financial results may fluctuate substantially for many reasons, and past results should not be relied on as indications of future performance. Our revenues and operating results may fluctuate from quarter to quarter and from year to year due to a combination of factors. Thus, there can be no assurance that we will be able to reach profitability on a quarterly or annual basis. We believe that our revenue and operating results will continue to fluctuate, and that period-to-period comparisons are not necessarily indications of future performance. Our revenue and operating results may fail to meet the expectations of public market analysts or investors, which could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common shares. In addition, portions of our expenses are fixed and difficult to reduce if our revenues do not meet our expectations. These fixed expenses magnify the adverse effect of any revenue shortfall. Our plans for implementing our business strategy and achieving profitability are based upon the experience, judgment and assumptions of our key management personnel, and available information concerning the communications and technology industries. If management’s assumptions prove to be incorrect, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. 23 We may engage in strategic acquisitions and other arrangements that could disrupt our business, cause dilution to our shareholders, reduce our financial resources and harm our operating results. We may engage in strategic transactions as part of our growth strategy, in the future, we expect to seek additional opportunities to grow our mining operations, including through purchases of miners and facilities from other operating companies, including companies in financial distress. Our ability to grow through future acquisitions will depend on the availability of, and our ability to identify, suitable acquisition and investment opportunities at an acceptable cost, our ability to compete effectively to attract those opportunities and the availability of financing to complete acquisitions. Future acquisitions will likely require us to issue common shares that would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage ownership, assume or otherwise be subject to liabilities of an acquired company, record goodwill and non-amortizable intangible assets that will be subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges, incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets, incur large acquisition and integration costs, immediate write-offs, and restructuring and other related expenses and/or become subject to litigation. The benefits of an acquisition may also take considerable time to develop, and we cannot be certain that any particular acquisition will produce the intended benefits in a timely manner or to the extent anticipated or at all. We may experience difficulties integrating the operations, technologies and personnel of an acquired company or be subjected to liability for the target’s pre-acquisition activities or operations as a successor in interest. Such integration may divert management’s attention from normal daily operations of our business. Future acquisitions may also expose us to potential risks, including risks associated with entering markets in which we have no or limited prior experience, especially when competitors in such markets have stronger market positions, the possibility of insufficient revenues to offset the expenses we incur in connection with an acquisition and the potential loss of, or harm to, our relationships with employees and suppliers as a result of integration of new businesses. We may not be able to timely complete our future strategic growth initiatives or within our anticipated cost estimates, if at all. As part of our efforts to grow our hashrate and remain competitive in the market, we have completed a self-owned infrastructure for our 8 MW site in Iowa and invested in additional new mining equipment. We are also reliant on third parties for our expansion efforts, including providers of infrastructure equipment, who may be burdened by delays in manufacturing, supply chain problems, less access to capital due to macro-economic conditions, or inflation. This could increase our costs and/or delay our expansion and acquisition efforts. If we are unable to complete our planned expansions or acquisitions on schedule and within our anticipated cost estimates, our deployment of newly purchased mining equipment may be delayed, which could affect our competitiveness and our results of operation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and the market price for our securities. We may experience increased compliance costs as a result of future strategic acquisitions. Future strategic acquisitions could carry substantial compliance burdens, which may limit our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions, and may require our management and personnel to shift their focus to such compliance burdens and away from their other functions. Such increased costs and compliance burdens could affect our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of such strategic acquisitions, and our business, results of operations and financial condition may suffer as a result. Risks Related to Our Public Company Status and Our Common Shares Sales of common shares issuable upon exercise of outstanding warrants, the conversion of outstanding preferred shares, or the effectiveness of our registration statement may cause the market price of our common shares to decline. As of December 31, 2025 we had warrants outstanding for the purchase of up to 1,324,534 common shares having a weighted-average exercise price of $85.32 per share. The sale of our common shares upon exercise of our outstanding warrants, or the sale of a significant amount of the common shares issued or issuable upon exercise of the warrants in the open market, or the perception that these sales may occur, could cause the market price of our common shares to decline or become highly volatile. 24 We may issue additional shares or other equity securities without your approval, which would dilute your ownership interest in us and may depress the market price of our common shares. We may issue additional shares or other equity securities in the future in connection with, among other things, future acquisitions, repayment of outstanding indebtedness or grants without shareholder approval in a number of circumstances. The issuance of additional shares or other equity securities could have one or more of the following effects: • our existing shareholders’ proportionate ownership interest will decrease; • the amount of cash available per share, including for payment of dividends in the future, may decrease; • the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding share may be diminished; and • the market price of our common shares may decline. The market price of our common shares is volatile and it may decline significantly. The market price for our common shares is volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including the following: • price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market, the cryptocurrency market, and of Bitcoin mining stocks from time to time; • future capital raising activities; • sales of common shares by holders thereof or by us; • changes in financial estimates by securities analysts who follow us, or our failure to meet these estimates or the expectations of investors; • the financial projections we may provide to the public, any changes in those projections or our failure to meet those projections; • rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; • actual or anticipated changes in our operating results or fluctuations in our operating results; • actual or anticipated developments in our business, our competitors’ businesses or the competitive landscape generally; • litigation involving us, our industry or both, or investigations by regulators into our operations or those of our competitors; • developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or other proprietary rights; • announced or completed acquisitions of businesses or technologies by us or our competitors; • new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to us and our business; • any significant change in our executive officers and other key personnel or Board of Directors; • release of transfer restrictions on certain outstanding common shares; and • fluctuating or anticipated changes in power markets. Financial markets may experience price and volume fluctuations that affect the market prices of equity securities of companies and that are unrelated to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. Accordingly, the market price of the common shares may decline even if our operating results, underlying asset values or prospects have not changed. As well, certain institutional investors may base their investment decisions on consideration of our governance and social practices and performance against such institutions’ respective investment guidelines and criteria, and failure to meet such criteria may result in a limited or no investment in our common shares by those institutions, which could adversely affect the trading price of our common shares. There can be no assurance that fluctuations in price and volume will not occur due to these and other factors. 25 In the past, plaintiffs have often initiated securities class action litigation against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. We may in the future be a target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and liabilities and could divert management’s attention from day-to-day operations and consume resources, such as cash. In addition, the resolution of those matters may require us to issue additional common shares, which could potentially result in dilution to our existing shareholders. Expenses incurred in connection with these matters (which include fees of lawyers and other professional advisors and potential obligations to indemnify officers and directors who may be parties to such actions) could adversely affect our cash position. If our performance does not meet market expectations, the price of our common shares may decline. If our performance does not meet market expectations, the price of our common shares may decline. The market value of our common shares may vary significantly from the price of our common shares on the date of this Annual Report. In addition, fluctuations in the price of our common shares could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our common shares and our common shares may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. Factors affecting the trading price of our common shares may include: • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial results or the financial results of companies perceived to be similar to it; • changes in the market’s expectations about our operating results; • success of competitors; • our operating results failing to meet market expectations in a particular period; • changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us; • operating and share price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; • changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; • commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; • changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of debt; • the volume of our shares available for public sale; • any significant change in our board or management; • sales of substantial amounts of shares by our directors, executive officers or significant shareholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and • general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. Broad market and industry factors may depress the market price of our common shares irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general and Nasdaq have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for technology, Bitcoin mining or sustainability-related stocks or the stocks of other companies that investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our share price regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our common shares also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 26 If the trading price of our common shares fails to comply with the continued listing requirements of Nasdaq, we would face possible delisting, which would result in a limited public market for our common shares and make obtaining future debt or equity financing more difficult for us. Companies listed on Nasdaq are subject to delisting for, among other things, failure to maintain a minimum closing bid price of $1.00 per share for 30 consecutive business days pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) and 5810(c)(3)(A) (the “Nasdaq Listing Rules”). On March 6, 2025, we received a notice from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC stating that the bid price of our common shares for the last 30 consecutive trading days had closed below the minimum $1.00 per share required for continued listing under Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the “Listing Rule”). We had a period of 180 calendar days to regain compliance with the Listing Rule. In September 2025, we received an extension for a period of 180 calendar days, or until March 2, 2026, to regain compliance with the Listing Rule. On February 9, 2026, we filed an Articles of Amendment to effect a share consolidation (also known as a reverse stock split) of our issued and outstanding common shares in the ratio of 1-for-10. The share consolidation was effective on February 9, 2026. Our common shares began trading on an adjusted basis on the Nasdaq Capital Market at the opening of trading on February 10, 2026. On February 26, 2026, we received notification from the Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Department that we are in compliance with the Listing Rule. We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. Our share price may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their shares have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. We will continue to incur substantial costs and obligations as a result of being a public company. As a publicly traded company, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses. In addition, new and changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure for public companies, including the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), regulations related thereto and the rules and regulations of the United States SEC and Nasdaq, have increased the costs and the time that must be devoted to compliance matters. We expect these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial costs and lead to a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities. We must comply with the financial reporting requirements of a public company, as well as other requirements associated with being listed on Nasdaq. We are subject to reporting and other obligations under applicable Canadian securities laws, SEC rules and the rules of Nasdaq. These reporting and other obligations, including National Instrument 52-102 - Continuous Disclosure Obligations and National Instrument 52-109 - Certification of Disclosure in Issuers’ Annual and Interim Filings, place significant demands on our management, administrative, operational, and accounting resources. Moreover, any failure to maintain effective internal controls could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results could be materially harmed, which could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could result in a lower trading price of our common shares. 27 Management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and implemented, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues within a company are detected. The inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Controls can also be circumvented by individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. Due to the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error, or fraud may occur and not be detected. We may be treated as a Passive Foreign Investment Company. There is also an ongoing risk that we may be treated as a Passive Foreign Investment Company (“PFIC”), for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A non-U.S. corporation generally will be considered to be a PFIC for any taxable year in which 75% or more of its gross income is passive income, or 50% or more of the average value of its assets are considered “passive assets” (generally, assets that generate passive income). This determination is highly factual, and will depend upon, among other things, our market valuation and future financial performance. Based on current business plans and financial expectations, we do not believe we were a PFIC for our tax year ended December 31, 2025, and based on current business plans and financial expectations, we expect that we will not be a PFIC for our current tax year ending December 31, 2026 or for the foreseeable future. If we were to be classified as a PFIC for any future taxable year, holders of our common shares who are U.S. taxpayers would be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. Certain of our directors, officers and management could be in a position of conflict of interest. Certain of our directors, officers and members of management may also serve as directors and/or officers of other companies. We may contract with such directors, officers, members of management and such other companies or with affiliated parties or other companies in which such directors, officers, or members of management own or control. These persons may obtain compensation and other benefits in transactions relating to us. Consequently, there exists the possibility for such directors, officers, and members of management to be in a position of conflict. We may issue an unlimited number of common shares. Future sales of common shares will dilute your shares. Our articles permit the issuance of an unlimited number of common shares, and shareholders will have no preemptive rights in connection with such further issuances. With limited exceptions, we are generally not restricted from issuing additional common shares, including any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, common shares. The market price of our common shares could decline as a result of sales of common shares or securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for, or that represent the right to receive, common shares after this offering or the perception that such sales could occur. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments Not applicable. Item 1C. Cybersecurity We understand the importance of preventing, assessing, identifying, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats. Cybersecurity processes to assess, identify and manage risks from cybersecurity threats have been incorporated as a part of our overall risk assessment process and have been embedded in our operating procedures, internal controls and information systems. We have engaged a third-party vendor to provide a variety of cybersecurity services ranging from ongoing security advisory services to cybersecurity monitoring and response management. 28 We use a risk-based approach to identifying and overseeing cybersecurity risks presented by third parties, including vendors, service providers and other external users of our systems, as well as the systems of third parties that could adversely impact our business in the event of a cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems. For third parties that we rely upon for certain IT systems, we seek to use only reputable providers, to use the most recently reliable versions of such systems, and monitor and address alerts for potential vulnerabilities to any such systems. We do not believe that risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Our Board of Directors oversees management’s processes for identifying and mitigating risks, including cybersecurity risks, to help align our risk exposure with our strategic objectives. Our Chief Executive Officer is responsible for assessing and managing cybersecurity risks, responding to any cybersecurity incidents and reporting any such incidents to our Board of Directors, and periodically briefs our Board of Directors on our cybersecurity and information security posture and on any cybersecurity incidents deemed to have a moderate or higher business impact. In the event of a material cybersecurity incident, our cybersecurity consultant has extensive information technology and program management experience . We believe that we have implemented a governance structure and processes that are equipped to assess, identify, manage and report cybersecurity risks. Refer to “

