TICKER: ARES
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions; • various uninsured or uninsurable risks; • liability for “slip-and-fall” and other accidents on properties held by our funds; • natural disasters, extreme weather events and other physical risks related to climate change; • changes in government regulations (such as rent control, digital infrastructure regulation and tax laws); 77 Table of Contents • changes in real property tax and transfer tax rates; • changes in interest rates; • the reduced availability of mortgage funds which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable; • negative developments in the economy that depress travel activity; • environmental liabilities; • tariffs and trade wars; • contingent liabilities on disposition of assets; • unexpected cost overruns in connection with development projects; • terrorist attacks, war and other factors that are beyond our control; and • dependence on local operating partners. If our Real Assets Group funds acquire direct or indirect interests in undeveloped land or underdeveloped real property, which may often be non-income producing, they will be subject to the risks normally associated with such assets and development activities, including risks relating to the availability and timely receipt of zoning and other regulatory or environmental approvals, the cost and timely completion of construction (including risks beyond the control of our fund, such as weather or labor conditions or material shortages) and the availability of both construction and permanent financing on favorable terms. Any of these factors may cause the value of the investments in our Real Assets Group funds to decline, which may have a material impact on our results of operations. Certain of our funds invest in the power, infrastructure and energy sector which is subject to significant market volatility and may expose us to increased environmental risks and liabilities inherent in the ownership of real assets. As such, the performance of investments in the energy sector is subject to a high degree of business and market risk. The power, infrastructure and energy companies in which certain of our funds invest have been and may be negatively impacted by material declines in power and energy related commodity prices and are subject to other risks, including among others, supply and demand risk, operational risk, regulatory risk, depletion risk, reserve risk, reputational risk, severe weather, climate change and catastrophic event risk (including of cyber-attacks). Commodity prices fluctuate for several reasons, including changes in market and economic conditions, the impact of weather on demand, climate initiatives of government entities, levels of domestic production and international production, policies implemented by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, power and energy conservation, domestic and foreign governmental regulation and taxation and the availability of local, intrastate and interstate transportation systems. The performance of our investments with underlying exposure to the commodities markets is subject to a high degree of business and market risk, as it is dependent upon prevailing prices of commodities such as oil, natural gas and coal, which are subject to wide fluctuation for a variety of factors that are beyond our control, such as geopolitical developments like hostilities in the Middle East region and between Russia and Ukraine. It is common in making investments with underlying exposure to the commodities markets to deploy hedging strategies to protect against pricing fluctuations but such strategies may or may not protect our investments. Declining global commodity prices have impacted the value of securities held by our funds. Continued volatility could result in lower returns than we anticipated at the time certain of our investments were made. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 2% of our total AUM was invested in debt and equity investments in the energy sector, including midstream investments, oil and gas exploration, and renewable energy investments. Ownership of real assets in our funds or vehicles may increase our risk of liability under environmental laws that impose, regardless of fault, joint and several liability for the cost of remediating contamination and compensation for damages. In addition, changes in environmental laws or regulations or the environmental condition of an investment may create liabilities that did not exist at the time of acquisition. Even in cases where we are indemnified by a seller against liabilities arising out of violations of environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance as to the financial viability of the seller to satisfy such indemnities or our ability to achieve enforcement of such indemnities. 78 Table of Contents Our investments in infrastructure assets may expose us to increased risks and liabilities. Investments in infrastructure assets may expose us to increased risks and liabilities that are inherent in the ownership of real assets. For example, • Ownership of infrastructure assets may also present additional risk of liability for personal and property injury or impose significant operating challenges and costs with respect to, for example, compliance with zoning, environmental or other applicable laws. • Infrastructure asset investments may face construction risks including, without limitation: (i) labor disputes, shortages of material and skilled labor, or work stoppages; (ii) slower than projected construction progress and the unavailability or late delivery of necessary equipment; (iii) less than optimal coordination with public utilities in the relocation of their facilities; (iv) adverse weather conditions and unexpected construction conditions; (v) accidents or the breakdown or failure of construction equipment or processes; and (vi) catastrophic events such as explosions, fires, terrorist activities and other similar events. These risks could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses (which may exceed expected or forecasted budgets) and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken. Certain infrastructure asset investments may remain in construction phases for a prolonged period and, accordingly, may not be cash generative for a prolonged period. Recourse against the contractor may be subject to liability caps or may be subject to default or insolvency on the part of the contractor. • The operation of infrastructure assets is exposed to potential unplanned interruptions caused by significant catastrophic or force majeure events, including cyber-attacks. These risks could, among other effects, adversely impact the cash flows available from investments in infrastructure assets, cause personal injury or loss of life, damage property, or instigate disruptions of service. In addition, the cost of repairing or replacing damaged assets could be considerable. Repeated or prolonged service interruptions may result in permanent loss of customers, litigation, or penalties for regulatory or contractual noncompliance. Force majeure events that are incapable of, or too costly to, cure may also have a permanent adverse effect on an investment. • The management of the business or operations of an infrastructure asset may be contracted to a third-party management company unaffiliated with us. Although it would be possible to replace any such operator, the failure of such an operator to adequately perform its duties or to act in ways that are in our best interest, or the breach by an operator of applicable agreements or laws, rules and regulations, could have an adverse effect on the investment’s financial condition or results of operations. Infrastructure investments may involve the subcontracting of design and construction activities in respect of projects, and as a result our investments are subject to the risks that contractual provisions passing liabilities to a subcontractor could be ineffective, the subcontractor fails to perform services which it has agreed to perform and the subcontractor becomes insolvent. Infrastructure investments often involve an ongoing commitment to a municipal, state, federal or foreign government or regulatory agencies. The nature of these obligations exposes us to a higher level of regulatory control than typically imposed on other businesses and may require us to rely on complex government licenses, concessions, leases or contracts, which may be difficult to obtain or maintain. Infrastructure investments may require operators to manage such investments and such operators’ failure to comply with laws, including prohibitions against bribing of government officials, may adversely affect the value of such investments and cause us serious reputational and legal harm. Revenues for such investments may rely on contractual agreements for the provision of services with a limited number of counterparties, and are consequently subject to counterparty default risk. The operations and cash flow of infrastructure investments are also more sensitive to inflation and, in certain cases, commodity price risk. Furthermore, services provided by infrastructure investments may be subject to rate regulations by government entities that determine or limit prices that may be charged. Similarly, users of applicable services or government entities in response to such users may react negatively to any adjustments in rates and thus reduce the profitability of such infrastructure investments. Many of our funds’ investments are in critical infrastructure sectors, such as transportation systems, energy and digital infrastructure, which are generally subject to heightened regulatory scrutiny at the time of investment and ongoing compliance requirements. Such requirements are likely to expand our compliance burdens, costs and enforcement risks. In addition, advancements in computing and artificial intelligence tools and technologies without related increases in the adoption and development of such technologies could negatively impact demand for, and the valuation of, digital infrastructure assets. Due to the rapid evolution of artificial intelligence technologies, we may not be able to take full advantage of growth opportunities within digital infrastructure. Certain of our funds invest in secondaries investment products that we do not control. Our funds that invest in secondaries investment products have limited opportunity to control the day-to-day operation of secondaries portfolio investments, including investment and disposition decisions, or to protect their position in portfolio investments, nor do they generally have the right to remove the managers of those investments. 79 Table of Contents The success of these funds is substantially dependent upon the capabilities and performance of the management companies, general partners or similar entities who control the underlying portfolio investments, which could include representatives of other investors with whom such funds are not affiliated and whose interests may conflict with the interests of the funds. Although investors (such as our funds) in general partner-led and other structured secondary transactions typically retain enhanced governance and other rights, once such a transaction is complete, the general partners will generally have broad discretion in structuring, negotiating, purchasing, financing, monitoring and eventually divesting the underlying portfolio companies. Additionally, should a general partner for any reason cease to participate in the management of the underlying portfolio companies, the performance of the relevant portfolio investment (and, consequently, our funds) could be adversely affected. Our Private Equity Group funds’ performance has been and may in the future be adversely affected by the financial performance of our portfolio companies and the industries in which our funds invest. Our performance and the performance of our Private Equity Group funds are significantly impacted by the value of the companies in which our funds have invested. Our funds invest in companies in many different industries, each of which is subject to volatility based upon a variety of factors, including economic, market, and geopolitical factors. During recessions, periods of elevated uncertainty, or phases of challenging economic and market conditions, we experience significant fluctuations in the fair value of securities held by our funds. Further, geopolitical and domestic political uncertainty, unexpected shifts in monetary and fiscal policy, changes in interest rates, depressed labor force participation, the risk of labor shortages in the face of more restrictive immigration policies, supply chain pressures and other general economic trends may impact the performance of our portfolio companies in many industries and geographies. In addition, the value of our investments in portfolio companies in the financial services industry is impacted by the overall health and stability of the credit and equity markets. The performance of our Private Equity Group funds, and our performance, may be adversely affected to the extent our fund portfolio companies experience adverse performance or additional pressure. In addition, the performance of our investment funds and our portfolio companies may be adversely affected by increases in inflationary pressures such as employee wage growth or rising input costs, which could compress profit margins, particularly at our portfolio companies that are unable to effectively increase prices in response. Rapid and unforeseen technological transformation, such as the recent technological developments with respect to artificial intelligence, may introduce the risk of obsolescence to portfolio companies and negatively affect their performance. In response to financial difficulties that are currently being experienced or that may be experienced in the future by certain portfolio companies, we may consider legal, regulatory, tax, or other factors in determining the steps we may take to support such companies or investments, which may include enhancing the management team or funding additional capital investments from our funds, our investment professionals, and/or us. The actions we may take to support companies or investments experiencing financial difficulties may not be successful in remedying the financial difficulties and our investment funds, our investment professionals, or we may not recoup some or all of any capital investments made in support of such companies or investments. Climate change and related transition and physical risks could adversely affect our operations and those of our portfolio companies and increase costs (including insurance costs). Our business operations, our funds’ portfolio companies, and the companies in which our funds invest may face risks associated with climate change, including “transition risks” such as risks related to the impact of climate-related legislation and regulation (both domestically and internationally), risks related to climate-related business trends (such as the process of transitioning to a lower-carbon economy) and risks stemming from the potential physical impacts of climate change, such as the increasing frequency or severity of extreme weather events (including wildfires, droughts, hurricanes and floods) and rising sea levels and temperatures. These events and the disruptions they may cause, alone or in combination, could also lead to increased costs of insurance (particularly for real estate in certain regions). See “—Our Real Assets Group funds are subject to the risks inherent in the ownership and operation of real assets and the construction and development of real assets.” Risks Related to Our Organization and Structure If we were deemed to be an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act, applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our businesses as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our businesses. An entity will generally be deemed to be an “investment company” for purposes of the Investment Company Act if: • it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities; or • absent an applicable exemption, it is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. 80 Table of Contents We believe that we are engaged primarily in the business of providing investment management services and not primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We hold ourselves out as an asset management firm and do not propose to engage primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Accordingly, we do not believe that we are an “orthodox” investment company as defined in Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act and described in the first bullet point above. Furthermore, we have no material assets other than interests in certain direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries (within the meaning of the Investment Company Act), which in turn have no material assets other than partnership units in the AOG entities. These wholly owned subsidiaries are the general partners of certain of the AOG entities and are vested with all management and control over such AOG entities. We do not believe that our equity interests in our wholly owned subsidiaries or the partnership units of these wholly owned subsidiaries in the AOG entities are investment securities. Moreover, because we believe that the capital interests of the general partners of our funds in their respective funds are neither securities nor investment securities, we believe that less than 40% of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis are composed of assets that could be considered investment securities. Accordingly, we do not believe that we are an inadvertent investment company by virtue of the 40% test in Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act as described in the second bullet point above. The Investment Company Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operation of investment companies. Among other things, the Investment Company Act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, generally prohibit the issuance of options and impose certain governance requirements. We intend to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. If anything were to happen that would cause us to be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, requirements imposed by the Investment Company Act, including limitations on capital structure, the ability to transact business with affiliates and the ability to compensate senior employees, could make it impractical for us to continue our businesses as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among the Ares Operating Group, us, our funds and our senior management, or any combination thereof, and have a material adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may be required to limit the amount of investments that we make as a principal or otherwise conduct our businesses in a manner that does not subject us to the registration and other requirements of the Investment Company Act. Due to the disparity in voting power among the classes of our common stock, holders of our Class A common stock will generally have no influence over matters on which holders of our common stock vote and limited ability to influence decisions regarding our business. Unless otherwise provided in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws or required by the DGCL or the rules of the NYSE, holders of our common stock vote together as a single class on all matters on which stockholders generally are entitled to vote under the DGCL. On any date on which the Ares Ownership Condition is satisfied, the shares of our Class B common stock held by the Class B Stockholder entitles it to a number of votes, in the aggregate, equal to (x) four times the aggregate number of votes attributable to the shares of our Class A common stock minus (y) the aggregate number of votes attributable to the shares of our Class C common stock. On any date on which the Ares Ownership Condition is not satisfied, the shares of our Class B common stock held by the Class B Stockholder will not be entitled to vote on any matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Ares Voting LLC, as the initial holder of the shares of our Class C common stock (in such capacity, the “Class C Stockholder”), is generally entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of AOG Units held of record by each limited partner of the AOG entities (other than us and our subsidiaries). When AOG Units are exchanged for shares of our Class A common stock, the number of votes to which the shares of our Class C common stock are entitled shall be reduced by the number of AOG Units so exchanged. However, so long as the Ares Ownership Condition is satisfied, the issuance of shares of our Class A common stock would increase the number of votes to which holders of our Class B common stock are entitled. As a result, so long as the Ares Ownership Condition is satisfied, practically all matters submitted to our stockholders will be decided by the vote of the holder of our Class B common stock, Ares Management GP LLC (in such capacity, the “Class B Stockholder”), and Class C Stockholder. Our certificate of incorporation also provides that the number of authorized shares of our Class A common stock may be increased solely by the holders of a majority of the voting power of our outstanding capital stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, and no other vote of the holders of any class or series of our stock, voting together or separately as a class, shall be required therefor. As a result, holders of our Class A common stock will have very limited or no ability to influence stockholder decisions, including decisions regarding our business. The voting rights of holders of our Class A common stock are further restricted by provisions in our certificate of incorporation stating that any of our shares of stock held by a person or group that beneficially owns 20% or more of any class of stock then outstanding (other than the holders of our Class B common stock, Ares Owners Holdings L.P. (“Ares Owners”), any Holdco Member or any of their respective affiliates, or a direct or subsequently approved transferee of the foregoing) cannot be voted on any matter. The Class B Stockholder and Class C Stockholder are both exempt from this limitation. 81 Table of Contents These limits on the ability of the holders of our Class A common stock to exercise voting rights restrict the ability of the holders of our Class A common stock to influence matters subject to a vote of our stockholders. The Holdco Members are able to significantly influence the outcome of any matter that may be submitted for a vote of holders of our common stock. The Class B Stockholder and Class C Stockholder, entities wholly owned by Ares Partners Holdco LLC, which is in turn owned and controlled by the Holdco Members, hold the shares of our Class B common stock and the shares of our Class C common stock, respectively. On any date on which the Ares Ownership Condition is satisfied, the shares of our Class B common stock held by the Class B Stockholder entitles it to a number of votes, in the aggregate, equal to (x) four times the aggregate number of votes attributable to the shares of our Class A common stock minus (y) the aggregate number of votes attributable to the shares of our Class C common stock. On any date on which the Ares Ownership Condition is not satisfied, the shares of our Class B common stock held by the Class B Stockholder will not be entitled to vote on any matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders. The Class C Stockholder, as the holder of our Class C common stock, is entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of AOG Units held of record by each limited partner of the AOG entities (other than us and our subsidiaries). In addition, Ares Partners Holdco LLC, in its capacity as general partner of Ares Owners, is entitled to direct the vote of all the shares of our Class A common stock held by Ares Owners. Accordingly, the Holdco Members have sufficient voting power to determine the outcome of matters submitted for a vote of our common stockholders. Furthermore, our certificate of incorporation provides that special meetings of our stockholders may be called at any time only by or at the direction of our board of directors, a record holder of our Class B common stock or stockholders representing 50% or more of the voting power of the outstanding stock of the class or classes of stock which are entitled to vote at such meeting. Our Class A common stock and our Class C common stock are considered the same class of common stock for this purpose. Each year, our board of directors determines whether, as of January 31, the total voting power held by: (i) holders of our Class C common stock; (ii) then-current or former Ares personnel (including indirectly through related entities); and (iii) Ares Owners, without duplication, is at least 10% of the voting power of the shares of our Class A common stock and the shares of our Class C common stock, voting together as a single class (the “Designated Stock”) (the “Ares Ownership Condition”). For purposes of determining whether the Ares Ownership Condition is satisfied, our board of directors will treat as outstanding, and as held by the foregoing persons, all shares of our common stock deliverable to such persons pursuant to equity awards granted to such persons. The Ares Ownership Condition is currently satisfied because Ares Owners owns a number of shares of our Class A common stock and AOG Units such that the Class C Stockholder and Ares Owners control over 70% of the voting power of the Designated Stock. In addition, certain Ares personnel (including the Holdco Members) also hold shares of our Class A common stock and are entitled to shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to equity awards. All such additional shares of our Class A common stock would be considered in determining whether the Ares Ownership Condition is satisfied. If the Ares Ownership Condition is satisfied, our certificate of incorporation provides that our board of directors will be divided into two classes: Class I directors and Class II directors. Mr. Antony P. Ressler, a Holdco Member, is the only Class I director and will continue to be a Class I director until his ownership of our common stock decreases below certain specified thresholds. All other directors are Class II directors. Furthermore, so long as the Ares Ownership Condition is satisfied, (x) a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of our board of directors and (y) any act of our board of directors, requires a majority of the board of directors, which majority must include the Class I director. This effectively provides Mr. Ressler a veto right over all actions taken by our board of directors. As a result of these matters and the provisions referred to under “—Due to the disparity in voting power among the classes of our common stock, holders of our Class A common stock will generally have no influence over matters on which holders of our common stock vote and limited ability to influence decisions regarding our business,” holders of our Class A common stock may be deprived of an opportunity to receive a premium for their shares of our Class A common stock in the future through a sale of AMC, and the trading prices of shares of our Class A common stock may be adversely affected by the absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the trading price. Potential conflicts of interest may arise among the Class B Stockholder and the Class C Stockholder, on the one hand, and the holders of our Class A common stock and/or Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock, on the other hand. The Class B Stockholder and the Class C Stockholder are controlled by the Holdco Members, certain of whom also serve on our board of directors and all of whom serve as executive officers. As a result, conflicts of interest may arise among the Class B Stockholder and the Class C Stockholder, and their respective controlling persons, on the one hand, and us and the holders of our Class A common stock and/or Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock, on the other hand. 82 Table of Contents The Class B Stockholder and the Class C Stockholder, and thereby the Holdco Members, have the ability to influence our business and affairs through their ownership of the shares of our Class B common stock and the shares of our Class C common stock, respectively, and provisions under our certificate of incorporation requiring the approval of the holders of our Class B common stock for certain corporate actions. Due to the disparity in voting power among the classes of our common stock, the Class B Stockholder and the Class C Stockholder will effectively control the election of directors while the Ares Ownership Condition is satisfied, and holders of our Class A common stock will generally have limited ability to elect directors and no ability to remove any of our directors, with or without cause. As such, the Class B Stockholder and Class C Stockholder, and thereby the Holdco Members, have the ability to indirectly, and in some cases directly, influence the determination of the amount and timing of the Ares Operating Group’s investments and dispositions, cash expenditures, including those relating to compensation, indebtedness, issuances of additional partner interests, tax liabilities and amounts of reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution to holders of AOG Units. In addition, conflicts may arise relating to the selection and structuring of investments or transactions, declaring dividends and other distributions. For example, certain of our principals and senior professional owners indirectly hold their AOG Units through Ares Owners, which, unlike us, is not subject to corporate income taxation. See “—Risks Related to Taxation—Tax consequences to the direct and indirect holders of AOG Units or to general partners in our funds may give rise to conflicts of interests.” As a “controlled company,” we qualify for some exemptions from the corporate governance and other requirements of the NYSE. We are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of the NYSE. Under the NYSE rules, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, group or another company is a “controlled company” and may elect, and we have elected, and expect to continue to elect, not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, including the requirement that the listed company have a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely of independent directors. Accordingly, holders of our Class A common stock and/or Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE. Certain actions by our board of directors require the approval of the Class B Stockholder, which is controlled by the Holdco Members. Although the affirmative vote of a majority of our directors (which, so long as the Ares Ownership Condition is satisfied, must include the Class I director) is required for any action to be taken by our board of directors, certain specified actions will also require the approval of the Class B Stockholder, which is controlled by the Holdco Members. These actions consist of the following: • certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation (including amendments to the definition of “Ares Ownership Condition” therein), or the amendment or repeal, in whole or in part, of certain provisions of our bylaws relating to our board of directors and officers (including the adoption of any provision inconsistent therewith); • the sale or exchange of all or substantially all of our and our subsidiaries’ assets, taken as a whole, in a single transaction or a series of related transactions; and • the merger, consolidation or other combination of our company with or into any other person. Our certificate of incorporation states that the Class B Stockholder is under no obligation to consider the separate interests of our other stockholders and contains provisions limiting the liability of the Class B Stockholder. Due to the disparity in the voting power of the classes of our common stock, holders of our Class A common stock will generally have no influence over matters on which holders of our common stock vote. As a result, on any date on which the Ares Ownership Condition is satisfied, nearly all matters submitted to a vote of the holders of our common stock will be determined by the vote of the Class B Stockholder. Although controlling stockholders may owe duties to minority stockholders, our certificate of incorporation contains provisions limiting the duties owed by the Class B Stockholder and contains provisions allowing the Class B Stockholder to favor its own interests and the interests of its controlling persons over us and the holders of our Class A common stock. Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions stating that the Class B Stockholder is under no obligation to consider the separate interests of our other stockholders (including the tax consequences to such stockholders) in deciding whether or not to cause us to take (or decline to take) any action as well as provisions stating that the Class B Stockholder shall not be liable to our other stockholders for monetary damages or equitable relief for losses sustained, liabilities 83 Table of Contents incurred or benefits not derived by such stockholders in connection with such decisions. See “—Potential conflicts of interest may arise among the Class B Stockholder and the Class C Stockholder, on the one hand, and the holders of our Class A common stock and/or Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock, on the other hand.” The Class B Stockholder will not be liable to us or holders of our Class A common stock for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment determining that the Class B Stockholder acted in bad faith or with criminal intent, and we have also agreed to indemnify other designated persons to a similar extent. Even if there is deemed to be a breach of the obligations set forth in our certificate of incorporation, our certificate of incorporation provides that the Class B Stockholder will not be liable to us or the holders of our Class A common stock for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter in question, the Class B Stockholder acted in bad faith or with criminal intent. These provisions are detrimental to the holders of our Class A common stock because they restrict the remedies available to our stockholders for actions of the Class B Stockholder. In addition, we have agreed to indemnify and hold harmless (i) each member of our board of directors and each of our officers, (ii) each holder of record of our Class B common stock, (iii) Ares Management GP LLC, in its capacity as the former general partner of our company when we were a Delaware limited partnership, and any successor or permitted assign, (iv) any person who is or was a “tax matters partner” (as defined in the Section 6231 of the Code prior to amendment by P.L. 114-74) or “partnership representative” (as defined in Section 6223 of the Code after amendment by P.L. 114-74), member, manager, officer or director of any holder of record of our Class B common stock or Ares Management GP LLC, and (v) any member, manager, officer or director of any holder of record of our Class B common stock or Ares Management GP LLC who is or was serving at the request of any holder of record of our Class B common stock or Ares Management GP LLC as a director, officer, manager, employee, trustee, fiduciary, partner, tax matters partner, partnership representative, member, representative, agent or advisor of another person (collectively, the “Indemnitees”), in each case, to the fullest extent permitted by law, on an after tax basis from and against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, joint or several, expenses (including legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, penalties, interests, settlements or other amounts arising from any and all threatened, pending or completed claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and whether formal or informal, and including appeals, in which any Indemnitee may be involved, or is threatened to be involved, as a party or otherwise, by reason of its status as an Indemnitee, whether arising from acts or omissions to act occurring on, before or after the date of our certificate of incorporation. We have agreed to provide this indemnification unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that, in respect of the matter in question, the Indemnitee acted in bad faith or with criminal intent. The provision of our certificate of incorporation requiring exclusive venue in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and stockholders. Our certificate of incorporation requires, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that any claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, and whether formal or informal, and including appeals, arising out of or relating in any way to our certificate of incorporation or any of our stock may only be brought in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or, if such court does not have subject matter jurisdiction thereof, any other court in the State of Delaware with subject matter jurisdiction. This provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and stockholders. Our ability to pay dividends to the holders of our Class A and non-voting common stock may be limited by our holding company structure, applicable provisions of Delaware law and contractual restrictions or obligations. As a holding company, our ability to pay dividends will be subject to the ability of our subsidiaries to provide cash to us. We have no material assets other than investments in the AOG entities, either directly or through subsidiaries. We have no independent means of generating revenues. Accordingly, we intend to cause the AOG entities to fund any dividends we may declare on shares of our Class A and non-voting common stock. If the AOG entities make distributions to fund such dividends, all holders of AOG Units will be entitled to receive equivalent distributions pro rata based on their partnership interests in the Ares Operating Group. Because as a U.S. corporation we will be subject to entity-level corporate income taxes and may be obligated to make payments under the TRA, the amount of dividends ultimately paid by us to holders of our Class A and non-voting common stock are generally expected to be less, on a per share basis, than the amounts distributed by the Ares Operating Group to the holders of AOG Units (including us) in respect of their or our AOG Units. 84 Table of Contents Our dividend policy contemplates a steady quarterly dividend for each calendar year that will be based on fee related earnings after an allocation of current taxes paid. The declaration, payment and determination of the amount of quarterly dividends, if any, will be at the sole discretion of our board of directors, and reassessed each year based on the level and growth of our fee related earnings after an allocation of current taxes paid. We may change our dividend policy at any time. There can be no assurance that any dividends, whether quarterly or otherwise, can or will be paid. Our ability to make cash dividends to holders of our Class A and non-voting common stock depends on a number of factors, including among other things, general economic and business conditions, our strategic plans and prospects, our businesses and investment opportunities, our financial condition and operating results, working capital requirements and other anticipated cash needs, contractual restrictions and obligations, including fulfilling our current and future capital commitments, legal, tax and regulatory restrictions, restrictions and other implications on the payment of dividends by us to our common stockholders or by our subsidiaries to us, payments required to be made pursuant to the TRA and such other factors as our board of directors may deem relevant. Under the DGCL, we may only pay dividends to our stockholders out of: (i) our surplus, as defined and computed under the provisions of the DGCL or (ii) our net profits for the fiscal year in which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal year. If we do not have sufficient surplus or net profits, we will be prohibited by law from paying any such dividend. In addition, the terms of the Credit Facility or other financing arrangements may from time to time include covenants or other restrictions that could constrain our ability to make dividends. Furthermore, the Ares Operating Group’s cash flow may be insufficient to enable them to make required minimum tax distributions to their members and partners, in which case the Ares Operating Group may have to borrow funds or sell assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial condition. Our certificate of incorporation contains provisions authorizing us, subject to the approval of our stockholders, to issue additional classes or series of stock that have designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to shares of our Class A common stock. Furthermore, by making cash dividends to our stockholders rather than investing that cash in our businesses, we risk slowing the pace of our growth, or not having a sufficient amount of cash to fund our operations, new investments or unanticipated capital expenditures, should the need arise. In addition, we have issued 30,000,000 shares of Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock with a dividend rate of 6.75% per annum on the liquidation preference thereof. The Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock ranks senior to our Class A common stock and non-voting common stock, with respect to the payment of dividends. As long as any share of Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock is outstanding, unless all accumulated and unpaid dividends on the Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock for all preceding dividend periods have been declared and paid in full or declared and set apart for payment, we may not declare, pay or set apart for payment any dividends on our Class A common stock or any other class or series of stock that ranks junior to the Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock. Dividends on the Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock are discretionary and cumulative. Holders of Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock will only receive dividends on their shares when, as and if declared by our board of directors. If dividends on the Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock have not been declared and paid for the equivalent of six or more quarterly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive, holders of Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock, together as a class with holders of any other series of parity stock with like voting rights, will be entitled to vote in an election for two additional directors to our board of directors. This right to elect additional directors to our board of directors will dilute the representation of our stockholders on our board of directors and may adversely affect the market price of our Class A common stock. When all accumulated and unpaid dividends have been paid in full, the right of the holders of Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock to elect these two additional directors will terminate, the terms of office of these two directors will forthwith terminate and the number of directors constituting our board of directors will be reduced accordingly. Additional risks related to the Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock are contained in the prospectus supplement filed with the SEC on October 9, 2024. The Class B Stockholder or the Class C Stockholder may transfer their interests in the shares of our Class B common stock or the shares of our Class C common stock, respectively, which could materially alter our operations. Subject to certain restrictions outlined in our certificate of incorporation, our stock is freely transferable and the Class B Stockholder or the Class C Stockholder may transfer their shares of our Class B common stock and our Class C common stock, respectively, to a third party without the consent of the holders of any other class or series of our stock. Further, the members of the Class B Stockholder or the Class C Stockholder may sell or transfer all or part of their limited liability company interests in the Class B Stockholder or the Class C Stockholder, respectively, at any time without restriction. Any such transfer could constitute or cause a change of control under the Investment Advisers Act, the Credit Facility or other debt instruments and/or governing documents of our funds and other vehicles, which could require consents or waivers or cause defaults under any such documents. In addition, a new holder of shares of our Class B common stock or shares of our Class C common stock, or new controlling members of the Class B Stockholder or Class C Stockholder, may choose to vote for the election of directors to our board of directors who may not be willing or able to cause us to form new funds and could cause us to form funds that 85 Table of Contents have investment objectives and governing terms that differ materially from those of our current funds. A new holder of our Class B common stock or our Class C Common Stock, new controlling members of the Class B Stockholder or Class C Stockholder and/or the directors they each respectively may appoint to our board of directors could also have a different investment philosophy, cause us or our affiliates to employ investment professionals who are less experienced, be unsuccessful in identifying investment opportunities or have a track record that is not as successful as our track record. If any of the foregoing were to occur, we could experience difficulty in making new investments, and the value of our existing investments, our business, our results of operations and our financial condition could materially suffer. Our certificate of incorporation also provides us with a right to acquire shares of our Class A common stock under specified circumstances, which may adversely affect the price of shares of our Class A common stock. Our certificate of incorporation provides that, if at any time, either: (i) less than 10% of the total shares of any class of our stock then outstanding (other than our Class B common stock, and our Class C common stock) is held by persons other than a record holder of our Class B common stock, any person who is, was or will be a member of Ares Partners Holdco LLC or their respective affiliates or (ii) we are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may exercise our right to purchase shares of our Class A common stock or assign this right to a record holder of our Class B common stock or any of its affiliates. As a result, a stockholder may have his or her shares of our Class A common stock purchased from him or her at an undesirable time or price. Other anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents could delay or prevent a change in control. In addition to the provisions described elsewhere relating to the relative voting power of our classes of common stock, other provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that a holder of our Class A common stock may consider favorable by, for example: • permitting our board of directors to issue one or more series of preferred stock; • providing for the loss of voting rights for certain series or classes of our capital stock; • imposing supermajority voting requirements for certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation; • requiring advance notice for stockholder proposals and nominations at annual and special meetings of our stockholders; and • placing limitations on convening stockholder meetings. These provisions may also discourage acquisition proposals or delay or prevent a change in control. Risks Related to Shares of Our Common Stock The market price and trading volume of shares of our Class A common stock may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for holders of our Class A common stock. The market price of shares of our Class A common stock may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume in shares of our Class A common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of shares of our Class A common stock declines significantly, holders of our Class A common stock may be unable to resell their shares of our Class A common stock at or above their purchase price, if at all. The market price of shares of our Class A common stock may fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. In the past few years, stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. In the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against public companies. This type of litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and a diversion of our management’s attention and resources. The market price of shares of our Class A common stock may decline due to the large number of shares of Class A common stock eligible for exchange and future sale. The market price of shares of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our Class A common stock in the market and non-voting common stock, to the extent that sales happen in the future or the perception that such sales could occur, including pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell shares of our Class A common stock in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. We may freely issue and sell in the future additional shares of our Class A common stock. 86 Table of Contents In addition, some of our directors and executive officers have entered into, or may enter into, Rule 10b5-1 trading plans pursuant to which they may sell shares of our Class A common stock from time to time in the future. As of December 31, 2025, our professionals owned, indirectly, an aggregate of 105,079,121 AOG Units. We have entered into an exchange agreement with the holders of AOG Units so that such holders may, up to four times each year (subject to the terms of the exchange agreement and any contractual lock-up arrangements), exchange their AOG Units for shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for splits, stock dividends and reclassifications, or, at our option, for cash. A holder of AOG Units must exchange one AOG Unit in the Ares Operating Group entity to effect an exchange for a share of Class A common stock of AMC. Ares Owners Holdings L.P. has the right, under certain circumstances and subject to certain restrictions, to require us to register under the Securities Act shares of Class A common stock delivered in exchange for AOG Units or shares of our Class A common stock otherwise held by them. In addition, we may be required to make available shelf registration statements permitting sales of shares of our Class A common stock into the market from time to time over an extended period. Lastly, Ares Owners Holdings L.P. will have the ability to exercise certain piggyback registration rights in respect of shares of our Class A common stock held by them in connection with registered offerings requested by other registration rights holders or initiated by us. As of December 31, 2025, there were 19,760,606 unvested awards outstanding, which are subject to specified vesting requirements, and were granted to certain of our senior professionals under the 2023 Ares Management Corporation Equity Incentive Plan (the “Equity Incentive Plan”). As of December 31, 2025, 45,127,175 shares of our Class A common stock were available to be issued under the Equity Incentive Plan. We have filed a registration statement on Form S-8 with the SEC covering the shares of our Class A common stock issuable under the Equity Incentive Plan. Subject to vesting arrangements such shares of our Class A common stock are freely tradable. Vesting of those shares of restricted units would dilute the ownership interest of existing stockholders. In addition, the governing agreements of the AOG entities authorize our direct subsidiaries which are the general partners of those entities to issue an unlimited number of additional units of the Ares Operating Group entity with such designations, preferences, rights, powers and duties that are different from, and may be senior to, those applicable to the AOG Units, and which may be exchangeable for shares of our Class A common stock. Risks Related to Taxation Changes in relevant tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities may adversely affect our effective tax rate, tax liability and financial condition and results. Any substantial changes in domestic or international corporate tax policies, regulations or guidance, enforcement activities or legislative initiatives may adversely affect our business, the amount of taxes we are required to pay and our financial condition and results of operations generally. Our effective tax rate and tax liability is based on the application of current income tax laws, regulations and treaties. These laws, regulations and treaties are complex, and the manner in which they apply to us and our funds is sometimes open to interpretation. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. Although management believes its application of current laws, regulations and treaties to be correct and sustainable upon examination by the tax authorities, the tax authorities could challenge our interpretation resulting in additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate. For an overview of certain relevant U.S. tax laws and relevant foreign tax laws, see “—Applicable U.S. and foreign tax law, regulations, or treaties, and changes in such tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could adversely affect our effective tax rate, tax liability, financial condition and results, ability to raise funds from certain foreign investors, increase our compliance or withholding tax costs and conflict with our contractual obligations.” The introduction of additional tax regimes both globally and domestically, the implementation of which are uncertain, require significant judgment and will depend on the facts and circumstances of each year. These regimes may not be compatible with one another and may cause adverse tax consequences. In addition, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”), enacted in July 2025, extends several provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”) that were set to expire on December 31, 2025 and significantly affects U.S. federal taxes, credits and deductions. Any future legislation, regulatory guidance or changes in interpretation relating to the TCJA, the OBBBA or other tax initiatives could increase our or our investors’ tax liability, reduce after-tax returns, adversely affect fundraising, investment activity or the performance of our portfolio companies and increase our compliance and withholding tax costs. Applicable U.S. and foreign tax law, regulations, or treaties, and changes in such tax laws, regulations or treaties or an adverse interpretation of these items by tax authorities could adversely affect our effective tax rate, tax liability, financial 87 Table of Contents condition and results, ability to raise funds from certain foreign investors, increase our compliance or withholding tax costs and conflict with our contractual obligations. Overview of certain relevant U.S. tax laws. Tax laws, regulations or treaties newly enacted or enacted in the future may cause us to revalue our net deferred tax assets and have a material change to our effective tax rate and tax liabilities. Moreover, significant management judgment is involved applying tax laws, regulations and treaties to us and our funds such that tax authorities could challenge our interpretation, resulting in additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate. For example, on March 11, 2021, the American Rescue Plan Act of 2021 (Pub. L. No. 117-2) (the “ARPA”) was enacted. The ARPA added a new subsection to Section 162(m) of the Code to expand the disallowance for deduction of certain compensation paid by publicly held corporations to cover the next five most highly compensated employees for the taxable year, which expansion will be effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2026. The expansion of Section 162(m) is expected to generally reduce the amount of tax deductions available to us. In addition, on August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (Pub. L. No. 117-169) (the “IRA”) was signed into law. The IRA introduced a 15% minimum tax (“CAMT”) for corporations whose average annual adjusted financial statement income for any consecutive three-tax-year period preceding the tax year exceeds $1 billion and a 1% excise tax on the fair market value of stock repurchased by certain corporations after December 31, 2022. The IRA has not had a material impact on our income tax liability for 2025, but if we were to reach the applicable financial statement income thresholds, the CAMT rules could increase tax compliance complexity and result in additional administrative costs and income tax liabilities. The potential impact of CAMT on future taxable years, including as early as the 2026 taxable year, will depend on the facts and circumstances of such years. Under Sections 1471 to 1474 of the Code (such Sections, along with the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder, “FATCA”), a broadly defined class of foreign financial institutions are required to comply with a U.S. tax reporting regime or be subject to certain U.S. withholding taxes. The reporting obligations imposed under FATCA require foreign financial institutions to enter into agreements with the IRS to obtain and disclose information about certain account holders and investors to the IRS (or in the case of certain foreign financial institutions that are resident in a jurisdiction that has entered into an intergovernmental agreement (the “IGA”) to implement this legislation, to comply with comparable foreign laws implementing the IGA). Additionally, certain foreign entities that are not foreign financial institutions are required to provide certain certifications or other information regarding their U.S. beneficial ownership or be subject to certain U.S. withholding taxes under FATCA. Failure to comply with these requirements could expose us and/or our investors to a 30% withholding tax on certain U.S. payments, and possibly limit our ability to open bank accounts and secure funding in the global capital markets. There are uncertainties regarding the implementation of FATCA and it is difficult to determine at this time what impact any future administrative guidance may have. The administrative and economic costs of compliance with FATCA may discourage some foreign investors from investing in U.S. funds, which could adversely affect our ability to raise funds from these investors or reduce the demand for shares of our Class A common stock. Moreover, we expect to incur additional expenses related to our compliance with FATCA, which could increase our tax compliance costs generally. As discussed below, other countries, such as the U.K., Luxembourg, and the Cayman Islands, have implemented regimes similar to that of FATCA, and a growing number of countries have adopted (or are in process of introducing) similar legislation designed to provide increased transparency about our investors and their tax planning and profile. One or more of these information exchange regimes are likely to apply to our funds, and we may be obligated to collect and share with applicable taxing authorities information concerning investors in our funds (including identifying information and amounts of certain income allocable or distributable to them). Overview of certain relevant foreign tax laws. HM Treasury, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) and other government agencies in jurisdictions where we and our affiliates invest or conduct business have maintained a focus on issues related to the taxation of businesses, including multinational entities. The U.K. has implemented two corporate criminal offenses: failure to prevent facilitation of U.K. tax evasion and failure to prevent facilitation of overseas tax evasion. Liability under these offences can be mitigated where the relevant business has in place reasonable prevention procedures. The scope of these offences is extremely wide and could have an impact on Ares’ global businesses. The U.K. has also implemented transparency legislation that requires many large businesses to publish their U.K. tax strategies and their approach to dealing with the U.K. tax authority on their websites. Our U.K. tax policy statement is published on our website. These developments show that the U.K. is seeking to bring tax matters further into the public domain. As a result, tax matters may pose an increased reputational risk to our business. The EU, the U.K. and many other countries have implemented the OECD’s Common Reporting Standard for the automatic exchange of financial account information in tax matters (the “CRS”). EU Council Directive 2011/16/EU requires a mandatory automatic exchange of information regime on administrative co-operation in the field of taxation (as amended) (the “Directive on Administrative Co-Operation” or the “DAC”). The DAC, which effectively incorporates (among other items) the CRS into European law, like the CRS, requires governments to obtain detailed account information from financial institutions 88 Table of Contents and exchange that information automatically with other jurisdictions annually. Neither the CRS nor the DAC imposes withholding taxes. EU Council Directive 2018/822 (“DAC 6”) amended the DAC to require ‘intermediaries’ (as defined in DAC 6) and, in some cases, taxpayers to disclose information to tax authorities about cross-border arrangements bearing specific hallmarks involving one or more EU member states. Certain cross-border arrangements are reportable to relevant taxing authorities. Similar reporting rules may apply or be introduced in other jurisdictions which implement the OECD mandatory disclosure rules (“OECD MDR”). With effect from December 31, 2020, the U.K. narrowed the scope of DAC 6 and the corresponding arrangements that need to be reported in the U.K. pursuant to DAC 6 (as implemented under U.K. law by the International Tax Enforcement (Disclosable Arrangements) Regulations 2020 (the “U.K. Regulations”)). In line with OECD standards (as a minimum) on exchange of information on cross-border planning arrangements such that only arrangements, very broadly, relating to the avoidance of obligations to report information in financial accounts or that obscure beneficial ownership (Category D Hallmarks), are required to be reporting in the U.K. under DAC 6. On March 28, 2023, new U.K. regulations (the International Tax Enforcement (Disclosable Arrangements) Regulations 2023 (the “U.K. MDR Regulations 2023”)) came into force in the U.K. which repealed and replaced the U.K. Regulations. The U.K. MDR Regulations 2023 implement OECD MDR into U.K. law and require U.K. “Intermediaries” (as defined under OECD MDR), and in some cases taxpayers, to report information to HMRC about certain types of arrangements known as CRS avoidance arrangements and opaque offshore structures. The EU has also signed separate automatic exchange of information agreements with certain non-EU countries, under which the EU and the relevant jurisdiction will automatically exchange information on the financial accounts of each other’s residents. Investors in our funds will be required: (i) to consent to the taking of any action in connection with FATCA, the CRS, the DAC (including DAC 6), the OECD MDR and/or any local law relating to, implementing or having similar effect to any of these regimes, including the disclosure of information to tax authorities which may in turn be exchanged between other tax authorities; and (ii) to agree to provide the AIFM and/or the general partner with the information they require to comply with FATCA, the CRS, the DAC (including DAC 6), the OECD MDR and/or any local law relating to, implementing or having similar effect to any of these regimes in any relevant jurisdiction. The breadth of the disclosure requirements under such tax reporting regimes will likely create costs and administrative burdens and penalties and withholding taxes could be imposed for non-compliance. Pursuant to the OECD’s Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (“BEPS”) Project, many individual jurisdictions have now introduced domestic legislation implementing certain of the BEPS actions. Several of the areas of tax law (including double taxation treaties) on which the BEPS Project focuses are relevant to the ability of our funds to efficiently realize income or capital gains and to efficiently repatriate income and capital gains from the jurisdictions in which they arise to partners and, depending on the extent to and manner in which relevant jurisdictions have implemented (or implement, as the case may be) changes in such areas of tax law (including double taxation treaties), the ability of our funds to do these things may be adversely impacted. Changes in tax laws as a result of the BEPS Project may, for example, result in: (i) the restriction or loss of existing access by partners in our funds or their subsidiaries to tax relief under applicable double taxation treaties or EU directives, such as the EU Interest and Royalties Directive; (ii) restrictions on permitted levels of deductibility of expenses (such as interest) for tax purposes; (iii) rules affecting profit allocation and local nexus requirements, transfer pricing, or the treatment of hybrid entities/investments; or (iv) an increased risk of activity undertaken in a jurisdiction constituting a permanent establishment of our funds and/or any of their subsidiaries. Many of the jurisdictions in which our funds will make investments have now ratified, accepted and approved the OECD’s draft Multilateral Instrument (“MLI”) which brings into force a number of relevant changes to double tax treaties within scope. The MLI is intended to facilitate the speedy introduction by participating states of double tax treaty-related BEPS recommendations. While these changes continue to be introduced, there remains significant uncertainty as to whether and, if so, to what extent our funds or their subsidiaries may benefit from the protections afforded by such treaties and whether our funds may look to their partners in order to derive tax treaty or other benefits. This position is likely to remain uncertain for a number of years. In May 2017, the Council of the EU formally adopted the Council Directive amending Directive (EU) 2016/1164 as regards hybrid mismatches with third countries (commonly referred to as “ATAD II”), which came into force in member states on January 1, 2020 (subject to relevant derogations) and which contains a set of anti-hybrid rules. ATAD II was implemented into Luxembourg domestic law by way of a law dated December 20, 2019. ATAD II covers inter alia hybrid mismatches and imported hybrid mismatches resulting from the different characterization of a financial instrument or an entity leading to situations of deduction without inclusion or double deduction. For hybrid mismatches resulting in a situation of deduction without inclusion, the primary rule is that the member state of the payor shall deny such deduction. For hybrid mismatches resulting in a situation of double deduction, a deduction shall only be given to the member state where the payment has its source. However, if, the jurisdiction of the payee does not deny the deduction, the secondary rule would oblige the jurisdiction of the payor to deny the deduction at the level of the payor. 89 Table of Contents If ATAD II anti-hybrid rules apply, they can act to deny (to a greater or lesser extent) deductibility in Luxembourg to corporate entities of interest/expenses or bring otherwise transparent vehicles within the charge to Luxembourg corporate tax. However, these anti-hybrid rules only apply to arrangements: (i) between associated enterprises or (ii) that constitute “structured arrangements.” In the context of hybrid mismatches resulting from the different characterization of a financial instrument, an entity will need to hold a direct or indirect interest of 25% or more of the voting rights, capital interests or rights to share a profit to be considered an associated enterprise. The 25% requirement is replaced by a 50% requirement if the hybrid mismatch results from a different characterization of an entity (i.e., a hybrid entity). With respect to the computation of this 25% or 50% threshold requirement, ATAD II makes reference to the OECD concept of “persons acting together”, as it is specifically mentioned that for purposes of the anti-hybrid rules under ATAD II, “a person who acts together with another person in respect of the voting rights or capital ownership of an entity shall be treated as holding a participation in all of the voting rights or capital ownership of that entity that are held by the other person.” However, the Luxembourg law implementing ATAD II provides that an investor in an investment fund who holds directly or indirectly less than 10% of the interest in the investment fund and who is entitled to receive less than 10% of the fund’s profits is presumed not to act together with the other investors in the same investment fund (since the investors have in principle no effective control over the investments realized by the fund), unless proved otherwise (the de minimis rule). As a consequence of this rebuttable presumption, any investor holding less than 10% in an investment fund should not be regarded as an “associated enterprise” of the fund and of any underlying Luxembourg entities. Any investor holding more than 10% will only be regarded as an “associated enterprise” if it meets the requisite threshold in its own right, or it can be demonstrated that it is acting together with other investors, which would cause it to be deemed to reach the requisite threshold. Our funds have sought their own tax advice in relation to these rules and their potential impact on our funds and their future investments. The impacts of ATAD II on interest and other finance costs in the context of European investments are jurisdiction specific and will be examined on an investment-by-investment basis. Further to the BEPS Project, and in particular BEPS Action 1 (“Addressing the Tax Challenges of the Digital Economy”), the OECD published a Report on May 31, 2019 entitled “Programme of Work to Develop a Consensus Solution to the Tax Challenges Arising from the Digitalisation of the Economy” (as updated on several occasions since and most recently on January 5, 2026 by the “Tax Challenges Arising from the Digitalisation of the Economy – Global Anti-Base Erosion Model Rules (Pillar Two), Side-by-Side Package”), which proposes fundamental changes to the international tax system. The proposals (commonly referred to as “BEPS 2.0”) are based on two “pillars”, involving the reallocation of taxing rights (“Amount A of Pillar One”), and a new global minimum corporate tax rate (“Pillar Two”). Under Amount A of Pillar One, multinational enterprises (“MNEs”) with total group revenues exceeding EUR 20 billion (or equivalent) in a given period and pre-tax profitability exceeding 10% calculated using an averaging mechanism will be subject to rules allocating 25% of profits in excess of a 10% profit margin to the jurisdictions within which they carry on business (subject to threshold rules). Certain entities are excluded, including certain investment funds and real estate investment vehicles (as respectively defined) which are the ultimate parent entity of the MNE group (and certain holding vehicles of such entities). There are also specific exclusions for MNEs carrying on specific low-risk activities, including “regulated financial services” (as defined). Pillar Two imposes a minimum effective tax rate of 15% on MNEs that have consolidated revenues of at least EUR 750 million in at least two out of the last four years (i.e., broadly those MNEs which are required to undertake country by country reporting). Pillar Two introduces two related tax measures (the “GloBE Rules”): the income inclusion rule (“IIR”) imposes a top up tax on a parent entity where a constituent member of the MNE group has low taxed income while the undertaxed payment rule (“UTPR”) applies as a backstop if the constituent member’s income is not taxed by an IIR. Specified classes of entities which are typically exempt from tax are outside the scope of the Pillar Two GloBE Rules, including investment funds and real estate investment vehicles (as respectively defined) which are the ultimate parent entity of the MNE group (and certain holding vehicles of such entities). Additionally, and part of Pillar Two but separate from the GloBE Rules, a subject to tax rule (“STTR”) will permit source jurisdictions to impose limited additional taxation on certain cross-border related party payments where the recipient is subject to a nominal corporate income tax rate (subject, in some circumstances, to certain adjustments) below 9%, which will be creditable against the GloBE Rules tax liability. The GloBE Rules must be implemented through domestic legislation, and on December 20, 2021 the OECD released Pillar Two model rules providing a template for this purpose. Many jurisdictions enacted legislation, including most EU member states pursuant to the EU minimum tax directive and the U.K., with a view to the IIR and the UTPR taking effect for fiscal years beginning on or after December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, respectively. Amount A of Pillar One will be implemented through a multilateral convention and the STTR will be implemented, where applicable, either through modifications to bilateral tax treaties or alternatively through a multilateral instrument. The timeline for implementation of both Amount A of Pillar One and the STTR remains uncertain. Subject to the development and implementation of both Amount A of Pillar One and Pillar Two (including the implementation of the EU minimum tax directive by EU member states) and the details of any domestic legislation, double taxation treaty amendments and multilateral agreements which are necessary to implement them, effective tax rates could increase within the fund structure or on its investments, including by way of higher levels of tax being imposed than is currently the case, possible denial of deductions or increased withholding taxes and/or profits being allocated differently and/or penalties could be due. This could 90 Table of Contents adversely affect the returns of investors in our funds. The implementation of BEPS 2.0 in relevant jurisdictions is complex and likely to remain uncertain for a number of years. Effective April 1, 2022, the U.K. implemented a domestic ‘Qualifying Asset Holding Company’ regime, with a view to broadly making the U.K. a more attractive holding company jurisdiction. The extent to which this regime may be applicable or beneficial to and/or utilized by our funds (or their subsidiaries) remains under consideration. We will be required to pay the TRA Recipients for most of the benefits relating to our use of attributes we receive from prior and future exchanges of AOG Units and related transactions. In certain circumstances, payments to the TRA Recipients may be accelerated and/or could significantly exceed the actual tax benefits we realize. The holders of AOG Units, subject to any applicable transfer restrictions and other provisions, may, on a quarterly basis, exchange their AOG Units for shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis or, at our option, for cash. A holder of AOG Units must exchange one AOG Unit in the Ares Operating Group entity to effect an exchange for a share of Class A common stock of AMC. These exchanges are expected to result in increases (for U.S. federal income tax purposes) in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of the relevant Ares Operating Group entity. These increases in tax basis generally will increase (for U.S. federal income tax purposes) depreciation and amortization deductions and potentially reduce gain on sales of assets and, therefore, reduce the amount of tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future, although the IRS may challenge all or part of these deductions and tax basis increases, and a court could sustain such a challenge. We have entered into a TRA with certain direct and indirect holders of AOG Units (the “TRA Recipients”) that provides for the payment (“Tax Receivable Payment”) by us to the TRA Recipients of 85% of the amount of cash tax savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state, local and foreign income tax or franchise tax that we actually realize (or are deemed to realize in the case of an early termination payment by us or a change of control, as discussed below) as a result of increases in tax basis and certain other tax benefits related to our entering into the TRA, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the TRA. Ares Owners Holdings L.P. is not entitled to any Tax Receivable Payment for taxable exchanges on or after May 1, 2023 except in certain circumstances where Ares Owners Holdings L.P. may initially receive a Tax Receivable Payment on behalf of certain TRA Recipients and subsequently pay such amount to such TRA Recipients. The payments we may make to the TRA Recipients could be material in amount and we may need to incur debt to finance payments under the TRA if our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the TRA as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise. The actual increase in tax basis (and our ability to achieve the corresponding tax benefits), as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the TRA, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the price of a share of our Class A common stock at the time of the exchange, the extent to which such changes are taxable and the amount and timing of our income. In certain circumstances, payments to the TRA Recipients under the TRA could be in excess of our cash tax savings. If the IRS were to challenge a tax basis increase (or the ability to amortize such increase), the TRA Recipients will not reimburse us for any payments previously made to them under the TRA. In addition, the TRA provides that, upon a change of control, or if, at any time, we elect an early termination of the TRA, our obligations under the TRA with respect to exchanged or acquired shares of our Class A common stock (whether exchanged or acquired before or after such change of control) would be based on certain assumptions, including that we would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the deductions arising from the increased tax deductions and tax basis and other benefits related to entering into the TRA and, in the case of an early termination election, that any AOG Units that have not been exchanged are deemed exchanged for the market value of shares of our Class A common stock at the time of termination. Assuming that the market value of a share of our Class A common stock were to be equal to $161.63, which is the closing price per share of our Class A common stock as of December 31, 2025, and that SOFR were to be 3.87% and a blended federal and state corporate tax rate of 23.4%, we estimate that the aggregate amount of these termination payments would be approximately $2.4 billion on the 105 million AOG Units that have not been exchanged for Class A common stock. The foregoing amount is merely an estimate and the actual payments could differ materially. Tax consequences to the direct and indirect holders of AOG Units or to general partners in our funds may give rise to conflicts of interests. As a result of the tax gain inherent in our assets held by the Ares Operating Group, upon a realization event, certain direct and indirect holders of AOG Units may incur different and potentially significantly greater tax liabilities as a result of the disproportionately greater allocations of items of taxable income and gain to such holders. As these direct and indirect holders will not receive a correspondingly greater distribution of cash proceeds, they may, subject to applicable fiduciary or contractual duties, have different objectives regarding the appropriate pricing, timing and other material terms of any sale, refinancing, or disposition, or whether to sell such assets at all. Decisions made with respect to an acceleration or deferral of income or the sale or disposition of assets with unrealized built-in tax gains may also influence the timing and amount of payments that are 91 Table of Contents received by the TRA Recipients (including, among others, the Holdco Members and other executive officers) under the TRA. In general, we anticipate that disposition of assets with unrealized built-in tax gains following an exchange will tend to accelerate such payments and increase the present value of payments under the TRA, and disposition of assets with unrealized built-in tax gains in a tax year before an exchange generally will increase an exchanging holder’s tax liability without giving rise to any rights to any payments under the TRA. Decisions made regarding a change of control also could have a material influence on the timing and amount of payments received by the TRA Recipients pursuant to the TRA. There may be potential conflicts in the tax treatment of carried interest. We may receive carried interest or incentive fees from our funds if specified returns are achieved by those funds. In certain circumstances, we may prefer to structure the fees as a special allocation of income, which we refer to as a carried interest, rather than as an incentive fee. The general partner of our funds may be entitled to receive carried interest from our funds and a significant portion of that carried interest may consist of long-term capital gains. As a U.S. corporation, we will not receive preferential treatment for long-term capital gains and we may be limited in deducting capital losses. As a result, the general partners of our funds may have interests that are not entirely aligned with our stockholders and thus, subject to their fiduciary duties to fund investors, may be incentivized to seek investment opportunities that maximize favorable tax treatment to the general partners. The tax treatment of carried interest has continued to be an area of focus for policymakers and government officials, which could result in further regulatory action by federal or state governments. Congress and the current Presidential administration may consider legislation to further extend the holding period for carried interest to qualify for long-term capital gains treatment, have carried interest taxed as ordinary income rather than as capital gain, impose surcharges on carried interest or increase the capital gains tax rate. Tax authorities and legislators in other jurisdictions in which Ares has investments or employees could clarify, modify or challenge their treatment of carried interest. For example, the U.K. government has, following a report by the Office of Tax Simplification on the U.K. Capital Gains Tax Regime, announced on October 30, 2024 that it intends to implement a new carried interest regime from April 2026. The details of such new regime remain subject to consultation and are therefore uncertain. However, the anticipated new regime is expected to result in a change to the taxation of carried interest with respect to our U.K. investment professionals. In addition, the rate of carried interest applicable to our U.K. investment professionals increased on April 6, 2025. As a result of these changes and potential changes, the amount of taxes that our employees and other key personnel would be required to pay could increase materially and could impact our ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees and key personnel in the relevant jurisdictions or could require us in certain circumstances to consider alternative or modified incentive arrangements for such employees or key personnel. Limitations on the amount of interest expense that we may deduct could materially increase our tax liability and negatively affect an investment in shares of our Class A common stock. Our deduction of net business interest expenses for each taxable year is limited generally to 30% of our “adjusted taxable income” for the relevant taxable year. Any excess business interest not allowed as a deduction in a taxable year as a result of the limitation generally will carry forward to the next year. There is no grandfather provision for outstanding debt prior to the effective date of these rules. Any failure to properly manage or address the foregoing risks may have a material adverse effect on our business, results and financial condition. General

--- VENDORS ---
vendors to help drive efficiencies for our portfolio companies, assets and certain investment and business processes. 25 Table of Contents The following charts present Other Businesses AUM and FPAUM as of December 31, 2025 by investment strategy ($ in billions): AUM: $9.1 FPAUM: $7.1 Insurance Other Product Offering To meet investors’ growing demand for alternative investments, we manage investments in an increasingly comprehensive range of funds across a spectrum of compelling and complementary strategies. We have demonstrated an ability to consistently generate attractive and differentiated investment returns across these investment strategies and through various market environments. We believe the breadth of our product offering, our expertise in various investment strategies and our proficiency in attracting and satisfying our growing institutional and wealth client base has enabled and will continue to enable us to increase our AUM across each of our investment groups. Investor Base and Fundraising Our diverse investor base includes direct institutional relationships and a significant number of wealth investors. Our high-quality institutional investor base includes corporate and public pension funds, insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds, banks, investment managers, endowments and foundations. We have grown the number of these relationships from over 1,090 in 2020 to over 2,850 in 2025 . 26 Table of Contents As of December 31, 2025, $470.1 billion, or 76% of our $622.5 billion of AUM, was attributable to our direct institutional relationships. As of December 31, 2025, our total AUM was divided by channel, and further our institutional direct AUM by client type and geographic origin as follows ($ in billions): Institutional Direct Perpetual Wealth Vehicles Publicly-Traded Vehicles Pension Insurance Bank Americas APAC Europe Institutional Intermediaries Sovereign Wealth Fund Investment Manager High Net Worth and Private Bank Middle East & Africa Other The following chart presents the AUM of investors committed to more than one of our funds as of December 31, 2025 compared to December 31, 2020 ($ in billions): We believe that the AUM of multi-fund investors demonstrates our investors’ satisfaction with our performance, disciplined management of their capital and diverse product offering. Their loyalty has facilitated the growth of our existing businesses and we believe improves our ability to raise new funds and successor funds in existing strategies in the future. Institutional investors continue to demonstrate interest in SMAs, which include contractual arrangements and single investor vehicles and funds, because these accounts can provide investors with greater levels of transparency, liquidity and control over their investments as compared to more traditional commingled funds. As of December 31, 2025 , $139.6 billion, or 30%, of our direct institutional AUM was managed through SMAs. We believe that client relationships are fundamental to our business and that our performance across our investment groups coupled with our focus on client service has resulted in strong relationships with our investors. Our dedicated and extensive in-house relationship management team, comprised of over 200 professionals located in North America, Europe, APAC and the Middle East, is dedicated to raising capital globally across all of our funds, servicing existing fund investors and 27 Table of Contents tailoring offerings to meet their needs, developing products to complement our existing offerings, and deepening existing relationships to expand them across our platform. We also have strategic initiatives focused on expanding our presence in Latin America and Australia. Our senior relationship management team maintains an active and transparent dialogue with an expansive list of investors. This team is supported by product managers and investor relations professionals with deep experience in each of our complementary investment groups that are dedicated to servicing our existing and prospective investors. In addition to our expansive relationships with institutional investors, we have further diversified our investor base through our publicly-traded vehicles and through our wealth distribution platform, AWMS. AWMS facilitates the product development, distribution, marketing and client management activities for investment offerings in the global wealth management channel with over 175 professionals. As of December 31, 2025, our publicly-traded funds and our perpetual wealth vehicles account for $108.4 billion, or 17%, of our AUM. Operations Management Group The OMG consists of shared resource groups to support our operating segments by providing infrastructure and administrative support in the areas of accounting/finance, operations, information technology, legal, compliance, human resources, strategy and relationship management, and distribution, including AWMS. In 2025, we restructured and expanded our capital markets professionals and formalized and expanded our Capital Solutions Group in order to improve execution on financing and capital markets activities. Our clients seek to partner with investment management firms that not only have compelling investment track records across multiple investment products but also possess seasoned operational support functions. As such, significant investments have been made to develop the OMG. We have successfully launched new business lines, integrated acquired businesses into our operations and created scale within the OMG to support a much larger platform. 28 Table of Contents Organizational Structure The simplified diagram below (which omits certain intermediate holding companies) depicts our legal organizational structure. Ownership information in the diagram below is presented as of December 31, 2025. Ares Management Corporation (“AMC”) is a holding company and through subsidiaries is the general partner of the Ares Operating Group entity and operates and controls the business and affairs of the Ares Operating Group. AMC consolidates the financial results of the Ares Operating Group, its consolidated subsidiaries and certain consolidated funds. (1) Assuming the full exchange of AOG Units and conversion of Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock for shares of our Class A common stock, as of December 31, 2025, Ares Owners Holdings L.P. would hold 32.54%, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation (“SMBC”) would hold 5.02% and the public would hold 62.44% of AMC. Inclusive of Class A common stock held directly by Ares employees and assuming the full exchange of AOG Units and conversion of Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock for shares of our Class A common stock, Ares employee ownership would represent 37.13% of all outstanding shares. Economic interests of AMC are calculated based on 227,459,008 outstanding shares of Class A common stock and 3,489,911 outstanding shares of non-voting common stock. 29 Table of Contents Holding Company Structure Our common stockholders are entitled to vote on all matters on which stockholders of a corporation are generally entitled to vote under the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), including the election of our board of directors. Holders of shares of our Class A common stock are entitled to one vote per share of our Class A common stock. On any date on which the Ares Ownership Condition (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) is satisfied, the holder of shares of our Class B common stock is, in the aggregate, entitled to a number of votes equal to (x) four times the aggregate number of votes attributable to our Class A common stock minus (y) the aggregate number of votes attributable to our Class C common stock. On any date on which the Ares Ownership Condition is not satisfied, the holder of shares of our Class B common stock is not entitled to vote on any matter submitted to a vote of our stockholders. The holder of shares of our Class C common stock is generally entitled to a number of votes equal to the number of AOG Units (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) held of record by each Ares Operating Group Limited Partner (as defined in the Certificate of Incorporation) other than the Company and its subsidiaries. Ares Management GP LLC is the sole holder of shares of our Class B common stock and Ares Voting LLC is the sole holder of shares of our Class C common stock. Our Class B common stock and our Class C common stock are non-economic and holders thereof shall not be entitled to: (i) dividends from the Company or (ii) receive any assets of the Company in the event of any dissolution, liquidation or winding up of the Company. Ares Management GP LLC and Ares Voting LLC are both wholly owned by Ares Partners Holdco LLC. As a result, the Company is a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and qualifies for exceptions from certain corporate governance rules of the NYSE. The Company also has non-voting common stock solely held by SMBC, which has the same economic rights as the Class A common stock. Our Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock has voting rights with respect to certain amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation or the Certificate of Designations, certain business combination transactions and certain other matters, subject to certain exceptions. However, holders of our Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock are not entitled to vote on an as-converted basis with common stockholders on matters on which holders of common stock are entitled to vote. Accordingly, AMC and any direct subsidiaries of AMC that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes and that are the holders of AOG Units are subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes in respect of their interests in the Ares Operating Group. The Ares Operating Group entity is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. An entity that is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes generally incurs no U.S. federal income tax liability at the entity level. Instead, each partner is required to take into account its allocable share of items of income, gain, loss, deduction and credit of the partnership in computing its U.S. federal, state and local income tax liability each taxable year, whether or not cash distributions are made. AMC holds through subsidiaries a number of AOG Units equal to the number of shares of Class A common stock that AMC has issued. The AOG Units held by AMC and its subsidiaries are economically identical in all respects to the AOG Units that are not held by AMC and its subsidiaries. In connection with the issuance of the Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock, the Ares Operating Group entity also issued preferred “mirror units” with economic terms designed to mirror those of our Series B mandatory convertible preferred stock. Accordingly, AMC receives the distributive share of income of the Ares Operating Group from its equity interest in the Ares Operating Group. Structure and Operation of our Funds We conduct the management of our funds and other similar private vehicles primarily through organizing a limited partnership or other limited liability structure in which entities organized by us accept commitments and/or funds for investment from institutional investors and other investors. Such commitments are generally drawn down from investors on an as needed basis to fund investments over a specified term. Our Credit Group funds also include structured funds in which the investor’s capital is fully funded upon or soon after the subscription for interests in the fund. The CLOs that we manage are structured financing vehicles that are generally private limited liability companies. Our drawdown funds are generally organized as limited partnerships or limited liability companies. However, there are non-U.S. funds that are structured as corporate or non-partnership entities under applicable law. We also advise a number of investors through SMA relationships structured as contractual arrangements or single investor vehicles. In the case of our SMAs that are not structured as single investor vehicles, the investor, rather than us, generally controls custody of the investments with respect to which we advise. We also manage several publicly-traded funds and perpetual wealth vehicles with varying redemption criteria. Our funds are generally advised by Ares Management LLC, which is registered under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Advisers Act”), a wholly owned subsidiary thereof or subsidiary controlled by AMC. Responsibility for the day-to-day operations of each investment vehicle is typically delegated to the Ares entity serving as investment adviser pursuant to an investment advisory, management or similar agreement. Generally, the material terms of our investment advisory agreements relate to the scope of services to be rendered by the investment adviser to the applicable 30 Table of Contents vehicle, the calculation of management fees to be borne by investors in our investment vehicles and certain rights of termination with respect to our investment advisory agreements. With the exception of certain of the publicly-traded funds and perpetual wealth vehicles, the investment vehicles themselves do not generally register as investment companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), in reliance on applicable exemptions thereunder. The governing agreements of many of our funds provide that, subject to certain conditions, third-party investors in those funds have the right to terminate the investment period or the fund without cause. The governing agreements of some of our funds provide that, subject to certain conditions, third-party investors have the right to remove the general partner. In addition, the governing agreements of certain of our funds provide that upon the occurrence of certain events, the investment period will be suspended or the investors have the right to vote to terminate the investment period in accordance with specified procedures. Such events may include certain “key persons” in our funds that engage in bad acts or depart the firm. Fee Structure See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Components of Consolidated Results of Operations” for an overview of our fee structure, including management fee, administrative, transaction and other fees, incentive fee and carried interest arrangements with our funds. Capital Invested In and Through Our Funds To further align our interests with those of investors in our funds, we have invested the firm’s capital and that of our professionals in the funds we sponsor and manage. General partner capital commitments to our funds are determined separately with respect to our funds and, generally, do not exceed 5% of the total commitments of any particular fund. We determine the general partner capital commitments based on a variety of factors, including regulatory requirements, investor requirements, estimates regarding liquidity over the estimated time period during which commitments will be funded, estimates regarding the amounts of capital that may be appropriate for other opportunities or other funds we may be in the process of raising or are considering raising, prevailing industry standards with respect to sponsor commitments and our general working capital requirements. Our general partner capital commitments are typically funded with cash and not with carried interest or deferring management fees. We offer a portion of the general partner commitments to our eligible professionals in many of our funds. As of December 31, 2025, we and our employees had more than $7.2 billion invested in or committed to Ares-managed vehicles, including $3.4 billion of capital commitments from Ares, $3.6 billion of capital commitments from our employee co-investment vehicles and $0.2 billion of employee investments in our publicly-traded funds and our perpetual wealth vehicles. Regulatory and Compliance Matters Our businesses, as well as the financial services industry, generally are subject to extensive regulation, including periodic examinations and potential investigations by governmental agencies and self-regulatory organizations or exchanges in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate relating to, among other things, the management of our funds, antitrust laws, foreign investment review regimes, anti-money laundering laws, anti-bribery laws relating to foreign officials, tax laws and data privacy laws with respect to client and other information. In addition, some of our funds invest in businesses that operate in highly regulated industries. Each of the regulatory bodies with jurisdiction over us has regulatory powers dealing with many aspects of financial services, including the authority to grant, and in specific circumstances to cancel, permissions to carry on particular activities. Any failure to comply with these rules and regulations could expose us to liability and/or reputational damage. Additional legislation, increasing global regulatory oversight of fundraising activities, changes in rules promulgated by self-regulatory organizations or exchanges or changes in the laws or rules, or interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules, either in the U.S. or elsewhere, may directly affect our mode of operation and profitability. See “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and have adversely affected consumer spending, economic growth and our funds’ portfolio companies’ operations. If these portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in their costs of operations along to their customers, it could adversely affect their operating results. In addition, any projected future decreases in the operating results of our funds’ portfolio companies due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our fund investments could result in future realized or unrealized losses. Operational risks may disrupt our businesses, result in losses or limit our growth. We face operational risk from errors made in the execution, confirmation or settlement of transactions. We also face operational risk from transactions and key data not being properly recorded, evaluated or accounted for in our funds. In particular, our Credit Group, and to a lesser extent our Private Equity Group, are highly dependent on our ability to process and evaluate, on a daily basis, transactions across markets and geographies in a time-sensitive, efficient and accurate manner. Consequently, we rely heavily on our financial, accounting and other data processing systems. New investment products we may introduce could create a significant risk that our existing systems may not be adequate to identify or control the relevant risks in the investment strategies employed by such new investment products. In addition, we operate in a business that is highly dependent on information systems and technology. Our information systems and technology may not continue to be able to accommodate our growth, particularly our growth internationally, and the cost of maintaining our information systems and technology may increase from its current level, including due to existing and anticipated regulations. Such a failure to accommodate growth, or an increase in costs related to our information systems and technology, could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Furthermore, while we have offices and personnel located worldwide, our headquarters and a substantial portion of our personnel are located in Los Angeles. An earthquake, wildfire or other disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our businesses, including a disruption involving electronic communications, our internal human resources systems or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, or directly affecting our headquarters or other office locations, could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business and financial results. Although we have disaster recovery programs in place, these may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. We also rely on a concentrated set of vendors and third-party service providers for certain aspects of our businesses, including for certain information systems, technology and administration of our funds and compliance matters, such as accounting, investor services, investment operations, banking, software development and maintenance and legal and regulatory compliance. Our ability to conduct our business may be adversely affected if one or more key vendors or third-party service providers fails to meet our expectations or if we otherwise become unable to procure their services on commercially reasonable terms. In addition, certain vendors and third-party service providers are vulnerable to disruption from severe weather events, natural disasters, public health crises, cybersecurity incidents or similar services and other disruptions, and may be subject to financial distress, regulatory sanctions, labor shortages, system failures or other operational issues. Operational risks could increase as third-party service providers increasingly offer mobile and cloud-based software services rather than software services that can be operated within our own data centers, as certain aspects of the security of such technologies may be complex, unpredictable or beyond our control, and any failure by mobile technology or cloud service providers to adequately safeguard their systems and prevent cyber-attacks could disrupt our operations and result in misappropriation, corruption or loss of confidential, proprietary or personal information. In addition, our counterparties’ information systems, technology or accounts may be the target of cyber-attacks. See “—General

