TICKER: ASNS
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain challenges, natural catastrophes, the effects of climate change, regional and global conflicts and terrorist
attacks or political disruption or turmoil could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our product
candidates or any future product candidates, if approved, and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on acceptable terms,
if at all. A weak or declining economy or political disruption could also strain our manufacturers or suppliers, possibly resulting in
supply disruption, or cause our customers to delay making payments for our potential products. Any of the foregoing could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which
the political or economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our business. Prolonged inflation rates could negatively
impact our revenues and profitability if increases in the prices of our products or a decrease in customer spending results in lower sales
which would adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Inflation rates, particularly
in the United States, have increased in 2022 through 2025 at levels not seen in years in many countries where our customers
reside. Continued and increased inflation may result in decreased demand for our products and services, increased operating costs (including
our labor costs), reduced liquidity, and limitations on our ability to access credit or otherwise raise debt and equity capital. In addition,
the United States Federal Reserve has raised, and may again raise, interest rates in response to concerns about inflation. Increases
in interest rates, especially if coupled with reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets, may have the effect of
further increasing economic uncertainty and heightening these risks. In an inflationary environment, we may be unable to raise the sales
prices of our products at or above the rate at which our costs increase, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. Accordingly, the U.S. dollar has strengthened against foreign currencies as a result
of the United States Federal Reserve’s actions to lower inflation, which is affecting our business partners, where they sell
local currency to the end-user of our products and services. We may need to raise additional capital
to meet our business requirements in the future, and such capital raising may be costly or difficult to obtain and could dilute our stockholders’
ownership interests. In order for us to pursue
our business objectives, we may need to raise additional capital, which additional capital may not be available on reasonable terms or
at all. Any additional capital raised through the sale of equity or equity-backed securities may dilute our shareholders’ ownership
percentages and could also result in a decrease in the market value of our equity securities. The terms of any securities issued by us
in future capital transactions may be more favorable to new investors, and may include preferences, superior voting rights and the issuance
of warrants or other derivative securities, which may have a further dilutive effect on the holders of any of our securities then outstanding.
In addition, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting
fees, securities law compliance fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs. We may also be required to recognize non-cash
expenses in connection with certain securities we issue, such as convertible notes and warrants, which may adversely impact our financial
condition. Our indebtedness could adversely affect
our ability to raise additional capital to fund operations, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent
us from meeting our financial obligations. In February 2024, we entered into a new credit line facility from an
Israeli bank of up to $1.5 million (the “Credit Line”). The Credit Line is secured by customer invoices and will incur interest
at a Federal SOFR rate plus 5.5%. The Credit Line has been extended until February 1, 2026. The current balance outstanding is approximately
$36,000. As of the date hereof, the Company has not further extended the credit facility; however, it may do so in the future. We may raise additional debt
in the future in order to extend the financing we need in ways that are less or non-dilutive vs. equity fund raising. Such debt funding
may increase the burden on our cash flow, make us subject to interest accruing overtime which will affect our profitability as well as
our ability to fund our operations. 30 To support our business growth, in the past years
we increased our focus on serving certain IoT verticals, while continuing to serve our existing Telco customers. This change in our strategy
may make it more difficult to evaluate our business growth and future prospects, and may increase the risk that we will not be successful
in our plans. Since our inception, our
business was focused on serving Telcos for enterprises and residential customers. Our products and solutions have been deployed with more
than 100 telecommunication service providers worldwide, in enterprise, residential and mobile base station connectivity applications.
In recent years, as we have further developed our technology and rolled out additional products, we turned our focus on serving the
IoT markets. Our operations are focused on our fast-growing IoT business, while maintaining our commitment to our existing Telco customers.
A portion of our revenue continues to be derived from our existing Telco customers. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and
December 31, 2024, our Telco customers in the aggregate decreased by 1% from approximately 28% of our revenues in the year ended
December 31, 2024, to 27% in the year ended December 31, 2025. Our change in strategy and
our efforts to serve the IoT verticals that we have focused on may prove more expensive than we currently anticipate, or may require longer
development and deployment times, and we may not succeed in fully penetrating such IoT verticals, or at all. We may have ineffective sales and marketing
efforts. Our sales and marketing efforts
to drive growth may be ineffective as we try to win new deals either directly with end-user customers, or indirectly through business
partners, distributors, system integrators or value-add resellers. These ineffective efforts may cause us to miss our planned growth and
harm our financial results. We outsource our product manufacturing and
are dependent on our key manufacturers, and on our component and OEM suppliers. We are susceptible to problems, and have encountered problems
in the past, in connection with procurement, decreasing quality, reliability, and protectability. Our devices are assembled
by using fully manufactured parts, the manufacturing of which has been fully outsourced, and we have no direct control over the manufacturing
processes of our products. We outsource procurement and manufacturing activities to certain key manufacturers and certain component and
OEM suppliers. We also purchase unique components
and products from suppliers who are exclusively able to fulfill such supply. We may lose some or all of these relationships, or have a
material weakness in negotiating favorable terms, or such unique components have or may be declared end-of-life which may require product
design changes. Such circumstances have hurt our profitability in the past, and may hurt our profitability in the future, and negatively
affect our ability to deliver our product on time to customers. Our lack of control in our
manufacturing process due to the fact that we outsource our product manufacturing may increase quality or reliability risks and could
limit our ability to quickly increase or decrease production rates. If necessary, switching production to other or additional subcontractors
will entail a material cost and a temporary decrease in our productivity. Our manufacturing process has been disrupted in the past, and
may be disrupted in the future, by various factors, including but not limited to shipping delays, bottlenecks resulting from raw materials
specific shortages, quality problems or a decrease in quality, manpower shortages by the manufacturers or political unease that would
trigger the closure of a facility or financial insolvency. Furthermore, a supplier may
discontinue production of a particular part for any number of reasons, which may require us to purchase a large inventory of such discontinued
parts in order to ensure that a continuous supply of such parts remains available to our customers. Such “end-of-life” parts
purchases could result in significant expenditures by us in a particular period, and ultimately any unused parts may result in a significant
inventory write-off, either of which could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations for the applicable
periods. Additionally, in case any part embedded in our products is no longer available, we may be required to redesign such product in
order to enable usage of alternative parts, or be forced to announce end-of-life of such product. Refer to “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” for additional information on supply constraints related to the
COVID-19 pandemic. 31 Demand for our products and solutions may
not grow or may decline. We may experience a reduction
in customer demand as a result of either of competition from other companies, technological changes required by our target markets, or
disruptions of existing and new customer relationships. Such demand reduction will prevent us from realizing our planned growth. Our gross margins may not increase or may
deteriorate. If our gross margins do not
increase as planned or deteriorate, it will be harder for us to achieve profitability, which could substantially impact our business and
ability to carry on operations if other financing sources are not secured on satisfactory terms. Our gross margins may deteriorate as
a result of either reductions of customers price points, increases in product component and manufacturing costs, or unfavorable changes
in the mix between more and less profitable customers and/or products. Changes in the price and availability of
our raw materials and shipping could be detrimental to our profitability. Chipsets, electronic and
mechanical components are significant components of our products. Over the past few years, the prices and availability of electronic and
mechanical components have been fluctuating and may continue to evolve unpredictably in the future. Furthermore, our products
are assembled with various contract manufacturers located in Israel and in Taiwan. We have experienced instances of limited supply of
certain raw materials and shipping delays, which resulted in extended lead times, increased shipping costs and higher-than-usual backlogs.
Economic and political circumstances may negatively affect the price and availability of raw materials, shipping and availability of assembly
capacity of contract manufacturers. We may have previously agreed
to set prices with our customers and any changes in supply costs may decrease our margin and directly affect profitability. If prices
increase, supply interruptions, shipping delays, or shortages of materials continue to occur, it could have a negative effect on revenues
and earnings. Expanding our operations and marketing efforts
to meet expected growth may impact profitability if actual growth is less than expected. To meet expected growth,
we plan to expand operations, including additional hiring, advertising, and promotion. If actual growth is less than expected, it would
negatively impact our ability to become profitable, which would require we raise additional capital if required, which may not be available
on favorable terms, or at all, which would impact our ability to carry on operations. If our internal company cyber-security measures
are breached or fail and unauthorized access is obtained to our IT environment, we may incur significant losses of data, which we may
not be able to recover and may experience a delay in our ability to conduct our day-to-day business. As cybersecurity attacks
continue to evolve and increase, our cyber-security measures and our IT environment could be penetrated or compromised by internal and
external parties’ intent on extracting confidential information, disrupting business processes, corrupting information, or looking
to force the Company to pay a ransom. These risks could arise from external parties or from acts or omissions of internal or service provider
personnel. Such unauthorized access could disrupt our business and could result in the loss of assets, litigation, remediation costs,
damage to our reputation and failure to retain or attract customers following such an event, which could adversely affect our business. Cyber attackers update their
methods frequently. Sometimes cyberattacks are unrecognizable at the time of their occurrence and even long after. In addition, cyber
incidents can occur as a result of non-technological failures, like human error or malicious acts. In some cases, information security
incidents at our customers or suppliers can also lead to information security incidents in our information systems. For these reasons,
we cannot guarantee that the safeguards taken by us and the safeguards we will take in the future will completely prevent information
security incidents or damages that may result from them as detailed above. 32 We provide cyber security features as part
of our products that may not completely prevent information security breaches, and our products are installed in live customer environments
and may be compromised by cyber-attacks and damage customer assets. Our products include cyber-security
features such as data-traffic encryption that are engineered to protect our customers’ data and environment. Cyber-attacks become
more sophisticated and evolve quickly, and these features may fail to protect our customers as intended and fail at preventing information
security breaches. We plan to offer new cyber security products and features which we will either develop internally, obtain from partnerships
with third-parties, or through acquisitions in the future. These planned new cyber-security products and features may fail to protect
our customers as intended and not prevent information security breaches. Our products are installed
in live customer network environments, and may be subject to cyber-attacks seeking access to our customers networks through our products.
Those cyber-attack attempts may take advantage of vulnerabilities of our products within the networks, vulnerabilities that may be known
or unknown to us. Our products and services
include information systems and digital data of various types, including data kept by our employees, suppliers, and customers (and their
own customers). In recent years there has been an increase in the frequency and severity of cyber incidents (including cybercrime).
This trend is expected to continue in the future and even worsen, despite all the defense mechanisms employed against it. Cyber events
can lead to unauthorized access, unauthorized disclosure, misuse, disruption, deletion, or modification of the Company and its customer
assets, data, and processing, as well as disrupting day-to-day operations, computing services, and significantly slowing them down
and even disabling information systems. In the event of damage caused
by such cyber-attacks, we may suffer negative consequences, such as disruption of the Company’s and/or our customers’ activities,
disruption of or disabling information systems, theft of our and/or our customers’ data, or damage to its reputation thus affecting
clients’ trust in the Company, and potentially exposing it to lawsuits. In such cases, our business results may be severely harmed. We depend on key information systems and
third-party service providers. We depend on key information
systems to transact our business accurately and efficiently. These systems and services are vulnerable to interruptions or other failures
resulting from, among other things, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, software, equipment or digital failures, processing errors,
computer viruses, other security issues or supplier defaults. Security, backup, and disaster recovery measures may not be adequate or
implemented properly to avoid such disruptions or failures. Any disruption or failure of these systems or services could cause substantial
errors, processing inefficiencies, security breaches, inability to use the systems or process transactions, loss of customers or other
business disruptions, all of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. We depend on our management team and other
key employees, and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees could adversely
affect our business. Our future success depends,
in part, on our ability to continue to attract and retain highly skilled personnel. The loss of the services of any of our key personnel,
the inability to attract or retain qualified personnel, or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly in engineering and sales,
may seriously and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we have entered into employment
or consulting agreements with our personnel, their employment is generally for no specific duration. Our future performance also
depends on the continued services and continuing contributions of our senior management team, which includes Tuvia Barlev, our Chief Executive
Officer, to execute on our business plan and to identify and pursue new opportunities and product innovations. The loss of services of
our senior management team, particularly our Chief Executive Officer, could significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our development
and strategic objectives, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 33 We may face the effects of increased competition
and rapid technological changes. The industry in which we
are engaged is subject to rapid and significant technological change. There can be no assurance that our systems can be upgraded to meet
future innovations which will be required to meet our customer’s requirements, or that new technologies will be adopted successfully
by us, or existing technologies will not be improved, which would render the offerings obsolete or non-competitive. Companies we compete
with enjoy significant competitive advantages, including greater name recognition; greater financial, technical, and service resources;
established networks; additional product offerings; and greater resources for product development and sales and marketing. There can be no assurance
that other established networking technology companies, any of which would likely have greater resources than us, will not enter the market.
In addition, new competitors may enter the marketplace and/or begin offering networking technology products and solutions and in channels
similar to or competing with ours. Such competition may reduce demand for our products and impact the growth prospects and ability to
achieve profitability, which may require us to raise new capital, which may not be available on favorable terms, or at all, and that would
impair our ability to carry on operations. We cannot assure you that
we will be able to compete successfully against any of these competitors. Our failure to compete successfully with our competitors could
harm our business. We are dependent on skilled human capital. Our ability to innovate and
execute its business plans is dependent on the ability to hire, replace, and train skilled personnel. The employment market suffers from
shortages of candidates, and such shortages may continue in future years, causing delays and preventing us from executing our plans. Our results of operations are likely to
fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year, which could adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. Our results of operations,
including our revenue, cost of revenue, gross margin, operating expenses, cash flow, and deferred revenue, have fluctuated from quarter
to quarter and year to year in the past and may continue to vary significantly in the future so that period-to-period comparisons of our
results of operations may not be meaningful. Accordingly, our financial results in any one quarter should not be relied upon as indicative
of future performance. Our quarterly financial results may fluctuate as a result of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of
our control, may be difficult to predict, and may not fully reflect the underlying performance of our business. Factors that may cause
fluctuations in our quarterly financial results include: ● our ability to attract
    new customers and increase revenue from our existing customers; ● the loss of existing customers; ● customer satisfaction with
    our products, solutions, platform capabilities and customer support; ● mergers and acquisitions
    or other factors resulting in the consolidation of our customer base; ● mix of our revenue; ● our ability to gain new
    partners and retain existing partners; ● fluctuations in share-based
    compensation expense; ● decisions by potential
    customers to purchase competing offerings or develop in-house technologies and solutions as alternatives to our offerings; ● changes in the spending
    patterns of our customers; 34 ● the amount and timing of operating expenses related to the maintenance and expansion of our business and operations, including investments in research and development, sales and marketing, and general and administrative resources; ● network outages; ● developments or disputes concerning our intellectual property or proprietary rights, our products and services, or third-party intellectual property or proprietary rights; ● negative publicity about our company, our offerings or our partners, including as a result of actual or perceived breaches of, or failures relating to, privacy, data protection or data security; ● the timing of expenses related to the development or acquisition of technologies or businesses and potential future charges for impairment of goodwill from acquired companies; ● general economic, industry, and market conditions; ● the impact of pandemics, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or any other, epidemic, outbreak of infectious disease or other global health crises on our business, the businesses of our customers and partners and general economic conditions; ● the impact of political uncertainty or unrest; ● changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors; ● fluctuations in the growth rate of the markets that our offerings address; ● seasonality in the underlying businesses of our customers, including budgeting cycles, purchasing practices and usage patterns; ● the business strengths or weakness of our customers; ● our ability to collect timely on invoices or receivables; ● the cost and potential outcomes of future litigation or other disputes; ● future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; ● our overall effective tax rate, including impacts caused by any reorganization in our corporate tax structure and any new legislation or regulatory developments; ● our ability to successfully expand our business in the United States and internationally; ● fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; and ● the timing and success of new products and solutions introduced by us or our competitors, or any other change in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors, customers or partners. 35 The impact of one or more
of the foregoing or other factors may cause our results of operations to vary significantly. Such fluctuations make forecasting more difficult
and could cause us to fail to meet the expectations of investors and securities analysts, which could cause the trading price of our common
stock to fall substantially, resulting in the loss of all or part of your investment, and subject us to costly lawsuits, including securities
class action suits. The loss of one or more of our significant
customers, or any other reduction in the amount of revenue we derive from any such customer, would adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Our future success is dependent
on our ability to establish and maintain successful relationships with a diverse set of customers. We currently derive a significant
portion of our revenue from a limited number of our customers. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024,
our top ten customers in the aggregate accounted for approximately 62% and 74% of our revenues. We expect to continue to
derive a significant portion of our revenue from a limited number of customers in the future and, in some cases, the portion of our revenue
attributable to individual customers may increase. The loss of one or more significant customers or a reduction in the amount of revenue
we derive from any such customer could significantly and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
Customers may choose not to renew their contracts or may otherwise reduce the breadth of the offerings which they purchase for any number
of reasons. We are also subject to the risk that any such customer will experience financial difficulties that prevent them from making
payments to us on a timely basis or at all. Our business, operating results and growth
rates may be adversely affected by current or future unfavorable economic and market conditions and adverse developments with respect
to financial institutions and associated liquidity risk. Our business depends on the
economic health of the global economies. If the conditions in the global economies remain uncertain or continue to be volatile, or if
they deteriorate, including as a result of the impact of military conflict, such as the security situation in the Middle East, Russia
and Ukraine, terrorism or other geopolitical events, our business, operating results and financial condition may be materially adversely
affected. Economic weakness, inflation and increases in interest rates, limited availability of credit, liquidity shortages and constrained
capital spending have at times in the past resulted, and may in the future result, in challenging and delayed sales cycles, slower adoption
of new technologies and increased price competition, and could negatively affect our ability to forecast future periods, which could result
in an inability to satisfy demand for our products and a loss of market share. Our operations would be particularly
vulnerable to potential interruptions in the supply of certain critical materials and metals, such as neon gas and palladium, which are
used in semiconductor manufacturing. Any interruption to semiconductor chip supply could significantly impact our ability to receive the
components and timely roll-out of our operations. Furthermore, any potential increase in geopolitical tensions in Asia, particularly in
the Taiwan Strait, could also significantly disrupt existing semiconductor chip manufacturing and increase the prospect of an interruption
to the semiconductor chip supply across the world. A significant portion of the world’s semiconductor manufacturing is in Taiwan,
and similar geopolitical tensions there could create further supply chain disruptions, which could result in further delays for our products’
components. The world’s largest
semiconductor chip manufacturer is located in Taiwan and a large part of equipment and materials, is manufactured in, and imported from,
Taiwan. A setback to the current state of relative peace and stability in the region could compromise existing semiconductor chip production
and have downstream implications for our company. We are continuing to monitor the situation in Ukraine, the Middle East and globally,
and assessing its potential impact on our business. 36 In addition, increases in
inflation raise our costs for commodities, labor, materials and services and other costs required to grow and operate our business, and
failure to secure these on reasonable terms may adversely impact our financial condition. Additionally, increases in inflation, geopolitical
developments and global supply chain disruptions, have caused, and may in the future cause, global economic uncertainty and uncertainty
about the interest rate environment, which may make it more difficult, costly or dilutive for us to secure additional financing. A failure
to adequately respond to these risks could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. There can be no assurance
that future credit and financial market instability and a deterioration in confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general
business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, liquidity shortages, volatile business environment or continued
unpredictable and unstable market conditions. If the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, or if adverse developments are experienced
by financial institutions, it may cause short-term liquidity risk and also make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult,
more costly, more onerous with respect to financial and operating covenants and more dilutive. Failure to secure any necessary financing
in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock
price and could require us to alter our operating plans. In addition, there is a risk that one or more of our service providers, financial
institutions, manufacturers, suppliers and other partners may be adversely affected by the foregoing risks, which could directly affect
our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget. The effects of health pandemics, such as
the global COVID-19 pandemic could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In December 2019, a
novel coronavirus disease, or COVID-19, was first reported and on March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized COVID-19
as a pandemic. The widespread health crisis is adversely affecting the broader economies, financial markets and overall demand environment
for many of our products. Our operations and the operations
of our suppliers, channel partners and customers were disrupted to varying degrees by a range of external factors related to the COVID-19
pandemic, some of which are not within our control. Many governments imposed, and may yet impose, a wide range of restrictions on the
physical movement of people in order to limit the spread of COVID-19. The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and likely will continue to have,
an impact on the attendance and productivity of our employees, and those of our channel partners or customers, resulting in negative impacts
to our results of operations and overall financial performance. We suffered delays in realization of certain new orders from our customers,
delay in testing of some of our new technologies in customer premises and difficulty conducting business development activities in an
effective way (face-to-face). Additionally, COVID-19 has resulted in delays in non-residential construction, non-crisis-related IT purchases
and project completion schedules in general, all of which can negatively impact our results in both current and future periods. The duration and extent of
any future epidemic or pandemic such as the COVID 19 pandemic depends on future developments that cannot be accurately predicted at this
time, such as the severity and transmission rate of the virus, the extent and effectiveness of containment actions, the effects of measures
enacted by policy makers and central banks around the globe, and the impact of these and other factors on our employees, customers, channel
partners and suppliers. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business will be affected. Our performance is affected by general economic
and political conditions and taxation policies . The success of our activities
may be affected by general economic and market conditions, like interest rates, currency exchange rate fluctuations, availability of credit,
inflation rates, economic uncertainty, changes in laws, and United States and international political circumstances. Unexpected volatility
or illiquidity could impair profitability or result in losses. We may be adversely affected by the political
and economic situation in the U.S., Europe and a number of countries in Asia. The U.S. communications
market is directly affected by economic developments in the U.S. economy. The European and Asian communications market is similarly
reliant on political and economic stability in those regions. Changing trends in these markets may lead to a decrease in investments and
a delay in projects, which could harm our business. To reduce our sensitivity to market changes, we operate in a large number of different
vertical markets and territories. 37 Our business could be adversely impacted
by changes in laws, regulations and tariffs related to government contracts. Federal or state government
bodies or agencies have in the past adopted, and may in the future adopt, laws or regulations affecting the use of the Internet as a commercial
medium. Legislators, regulators, or government bodies or agencies may also make legal or regulatory changes or interpret or apply existing
laws or regulations that relate to government contracts. Changes in these laws, regulations or interpretations could require us to modify
our platform in order to comply with these changes, to incur substantial additional costs or divert resources that could otherwise be
deployed to grow our business, or expose us to unanticipated civil or criminal liability, among other things. We are subject to laws and regulations worldwide,
changes to which could increase our costs and individually or in the aggregate adversely affect our business. We are subject to laws and
regulations affecting our domestic and international operations in a number of areas. These U.S. and foreign laws and regulations
affect our activities including, but not limited to, in areas of labor, health and safety, tax, import and export requirements, foreign
exchange controls and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, anti-competition, and environmental. Compliance with these laws,
regulations and similar requirements may be onerous and expensive, and they may be inconsistent from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, further
increasing the cost of compliance and doing business. Any such costs, which may rise in the future as a result of changes in these laws
and regulations or in their interpretation, could individually or in the aggregate make our products and services less attractive to our
customers, delay the introduction of new products in one or more regions, or cause us to change or limit our business practices. We have
implemented policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations, but there can be no assurance
that our employees, contractors, or agents will not violate such laws and regulations or our policies and procedures. Scrutiny of sustainability and environmental,
social, and governance (“ESG”) initiatives could increase our costs or otherwise adversely impact our business. Public companies have recently
faced scrutiny related to ESG practices and disclosures from certain investors, capital providers, shareholder advocacy groups, other
market participants and other stakeholder groups. Such scrutiny may result in increased costs, enhanced compliance or disclosure obligations,
or other adverse impacts on our business, financial condition or results of operations. If our ESG practices and reporting do not meet
investor or other stakeholder expectations, we may be subject to investor or regulator engagement regarding such matters. Our failure
to comply with any applicable ESG rules or regulations could lead to penalties and adversely impact our reputation, access to capital
and employee retention. Such ESG matters may also impact our third-party contract manufacturers and other third parties on which we rely,
which may augment or cause additional impacts on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Risks Related to Protecting Our Technology
and Intellectual Property Claims by others that we infringe their
intellectual property could force us to incur significant costs or revise the way we conduct our business. Our competitors protect their
proprietary rights by means of patents, trade secrets, copyrights, trademarks and other intellectual property. We have not conducted an
independent review of patents and other intellectual property issued to third parties, who may have patents or patent applications relating
to our proprietary technology. We may receive letters from third parties alleging, or inquiring about, possible infringement, misappropriation,
or violation of their intellectual property rights. Any party asserting that we infringe, misappropriate, or violate proprietary rights
may force us to defend ourselves, and potentially our customers, against the alleged claim. These claims and any resulting lawsuit, if
successful, could subject us to significant liability for damages or interruption or cessation of our operations. Any such claims or lawsuit
could: ● be time-consuming and expensive
    to defend, whether meritorious or not; ● require us to stop providing
    products or services that use the technology that infringes the other party’s intellectual property; 38 ● divert the attention of
    our technical and managerial resources; ● require us to enter into
    royalty or licensing agreements with third-parties, which may not be available on terms that we deem acceptable; ● prevent us from operating
    all or a portion of our business or force us to redesign our products, services or technology, which could be difficult and expensive
    and may make the performance or value of our product or service offerings less attractive; ● subject us to significant
    liability for damages or result in significant settlement payments; or ● require us to indemnify
    our customers. Furthermore, during the course
of litigation, confidential information may be disclosed in the form of documents or testimony in connection with discovery requests,
depositions or trial testimony. Disclosure of our confidential information and our involvement in intellectual property litigation could
materially adversely affect our business. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of intellectual property litigation
more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any litigation could significantly harm our
relationships with current and prospective customers. Any of the foregoing could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results and financial condition. Our patents and proprietary technology may
be challenged or disputed. We hold certain patent and
trade secret rights relating to various aspects of our technologies, which are of material importance to the Company and its future prospects.
Any patents we have obtained or do obtain may be challenged by re-examination or otherwise invalidated or eventually found unenforceable.
Both the patent application process and the process of managing patent disputes can be time consuming and expensive. Competitors may attempt
to challenge or invalidate our patents or may be able to design alternative techniques or devices that avoid infringement of our patents
or develop products with functionalities that are comparable to ours. In the event a competitor infringes upon our patent or other intellectual
property rights, litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend our patents against challenge, even if successful,
could be expensive and time consuming and could require significant time and attention from our management. We do not have sufficient
resources to enforce our intellectual property rights or to defend our patents against challenges from others. Any failure to protect our intellectual
property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. Our success and ability to
compete depend largely upon our intellectual property. To date, we have 16 registered patents in the United States; 3 registered patents
in Europe, 1 registered patent in Mexico, 1 registered patent in Indonesia, one pending application in the United States and one pending
application in Europe, all of which in the general area of high-speed carrier class Ethernet service and transport over bonded VDSL2,
G.SHDSL as well as Fiber covering various aspects of our technology. We take reasonable steps to protect our intellectual property, especially
when working with third parties. However, the steps we take to protect our intellectual property rights may be inadequate. For example,
other parties, including our competitors, may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our services, or design around our intellectual
property and, in such cases, we may not be able to assert our intellectual property rights against such parties. Further, our contractual
arrangements may not effectively prevent disclosure of our confidential information or provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized
disclosure of our confidential information, and we may be unable to detect the unauthorized use of, or take appropriate steps to enforce,
our intellectual property rights. 39 We make business decisions
about when to seek patent protection for a particular technology and when to rely upon trade secret protection, and the approach we select
may ultimately prove to be inadequate. Even in cases where we seek patent protection, there is no assurance that the resulting patents
will effectively protect every significant feature of our technology or provide us with any competitive advantages. Moreover, we cannot
guarantee that any of our pending patent application will issue or be approved. The United States Patent and Trademark Office and
various foreign governmental patent agencies also require compliance with a number of procedurals, documentary, fee payment, and other
similar provisions during the patent application process and after a patent has issued. There are situations in which noncompliance can
result in abandonment or lapse of the patent, or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant
jurisdiction. If this occurs, our competitors might be able to enter the market, which would have a material adverse effect on our business.
Effective trademark, copyright, patent, and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which we conduct business.
Further, intellectual property law, including statutory and case law, in the United States and other countries, is constantly developing,
and any changes in the law could make it harder for us to enforce our rights. In order to protect our intellectual
property rights, we may be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect these rights. Litigation brought to protect
and enforce our intellectual property rights could be costly, time-consuming, and distracting to management and could result in the impairment
or loss of portions of our intellectual property. Furthermore, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights may be met with
defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property rights. An adverse determination
of any litigation proceedings could put our intellectual property at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and could put our
related pending patent applications at risk of not issuing. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection
with intellectual property litigation particularly in the US, there is a risk that some of our confidential or sensitive information could
be compromised by disclosure in the event of litigation. In addition, during the course of litigation, there could be public announcements
of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results
to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. Negative publicity related to a decision
by us to initiate such enforcement actions against a client or former client, regardless of its accuracy, may adversely impact our other
client relationships or prospective client relationships, harm our brand and business, and could cause the market price of our common
stock to decline. Our failure to secure, protect, and enforce our intellectual property rights could adversely affect our brand and our
business. The lives of our patents may not be sufficient
to effectively protect our products and business. Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance
fees are paid timely, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years after its first effective nonprovisional filing date. Although
various extensions may be available, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Given the amount of time required
for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or
shortly after such product candidates are commercialized. Even if patents covering our product candidates are obtained, once the patent
life has expired for a product, we may be open to competition from biosimilar or generic medications. As a result, our patent portfolio
may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing product candidates similar or identical to ours. Our
patents issued as of March 20, 2025 will expire on dates ranging up to October 31, 2038, subject to any patent extensions that may be
available for such patents. More specifically, the following patents will expire over the next three years:, US7606315, US7613235, EP1943827,
EP3459181, GB2556826, MX279453, US7587042, IDP0030744. In addition, although upon
issuance in the United States a patent’s life can be increased based on certain delays caused by the USPTO, this increase can
be reduced or eliminated based on certain delays caused by the patent applicant during patent prosecution. A patent term extension based
on regulatory delay may be available in the United States. However, only a single patent can be extended for each marketing approval,
and any patent can be extended only once, for a single product. Moreover, the scope of protection during the period of the patent term
extension does not extend to the full scope of the claim, but instead only to the scope of the product as approved. Laws governing analogous
patent term extensions in foreign jurisdictions vary widely, as do laws governing the ability to obtain multiple patents from a single
patent family. Additionally, we may not receive an extension if we fail to exercise due diligence during the testing phase or regulatory
review process, apply within applicable deadlines, fail to apply prior to expiration of relevant patents or otherwise fail to satisfy
applicable requirements. If we are unable to obtain patent term extension or restoration, or the term of any such extension is less than
we request, the period during which we will have the right to exclusively market our product will be shortened and our competitors may
obtain approval of competing products following our patent expiration and may take advantage of our investment in development and clinical
trials by referencing our clinical and preclinical data to launch their product earlier than might otherwise be the case, and our revenue
could be reduced, possibly materially. If we do not have sufficient patent life to protect our products, our business and results of operations
will be adversely affected. 40 We may not be able to adequately defend
against piracy of intellectual property in foreign jurisdictions. Considerable research is
being performed in countries outside of the United States, and a number of potential competitors are located in these countries.
The laws protecting intellectual property in some of those countries may not provide adequate protection to prevent our competitors from
misappropriating our intellectual property. Several of these potential competitors may be further along in the process of product development
and also operate large, company-funded research and development programs. As a result, our competitors may develop more competitive or
affordable products, or achieve earlier patent protection or product commercialization than we are able to achieve. Competitive products
may render any products that we develop obsolete. Risks Related to Managing Our Business Operations
in Israel Geo-Political conditions in the Middle East
and in Israel, where our research and development facilities are located, may harm our operations. Our office where we conduct
our research and development, operations, sales outside the Americas, and administration activities, is located in Israel. Many of our
employees are residents of Israel. Most of our officers and directors are residents of Israel. Since the establishment of the State of
Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have taken place between Israel and its neighboring countries, and between Israel and the
Hamas (an Islamist terror and political group in the Gaza Strip), Hezbollah (an Islamist terror and political group in Lebanon), and Iran,
including its accomplices. In October 2023, Hamas terrorists
infiltrated Israel’s southern border from the Gaza Strip and conducted a series of attacks on civilian and military targets. Hamas
also launched extensive rocket attacks on Israeli population and industrial centers located along Israel’s border with the Gaza
Strip and in other areas within the State of Israel. These attacks resulted in extensive deaths, injuries and kidnapping of civilians
and soldiers. Following the attack, Israel’s security cabinet declared war against Hamas and a military campaign against these terrorist
organizations commenced in parallel to their continued rocket and terror attacks. On January 19, 2025, a temporary ceasefire went into
effect. On March 18, 2025 the ceasefire ended with the resumption of the war between Israel and Hamas. In addition, since the commencement
of these events, there have been continued hostilities along Israel’s northern border with Lebanon (with the Hezbollah terror organization)
and on other fronts from various extremist groups in region, such as the Houthis in Yemen and various rebel militia groups in Syria and
Iraq. In October 2024, Israel began limited ground operations against Hezbollah in Lebanon, and in November 2024, a ceasefire was brokered
between Israel and Hezbollah. In addition, Iran recently launched direct attacks on Israel involving hundreds of drones and missiles and
has threatened to continue to attack Israel and is widely believed to be developing nuclear weapons. Iran is also believed to have a strong
influence among extremist groups in the region, such as Hamas in Gaza, Hezbollah in Lebanon, the Houthi movement in Yemen and various
rebel militia groups in Syria and Iraq. These situations may potentially escalate in the future to more violent events which may affect
Israel and us. Additionally, Yemeni rebel group, the Houthis, launched series of attacks on global shipping routes in the Red Sea, causing
disruptions of supply chain. Such clashes may escalate in the future into a greater regional conflict. In March 2026, hostilities resumed
along Israel’s northern border with Lebanon, when Hezbollah resumed its attacks as part of a broader regional escalation. In response,
Israel resumed military operations against Hezbollah in southern Lebanon. On February 28, 2026, the
United States and Israel launched coordinated military strikes against Iran, including attacks on strategic military infrastructure and
leadership targets, with the stated aim of degrading Iran’s capacity to conduct or support hostile operations against them. In response,
Iran has fired missiles and drones toward population centers and military installations in Israel, Europe and neighboring countries in
the Gulf region, and also launched counter-strikes against U.S. forces and allied bases throughout the Gulf region 41 As of the date of this annual
report, we have not been impacted by any absences of personnel at our service providers or counterparties located in Israel. Military
service call ups that result in absences of personnel from us for an extended period of time may materially and adversely affect our business,
prospects, financial condition and results of operations. As of the date of this annual report, we currently have 39 full-time employees,
with 33 employees located in Israel and 6 employees located outside of Israel. Since the war broke out on
October 7, 2023, our operations have not been adversely affected by this situation, and we have not experienced any material disruptions
to our operations. We have the ability, if necessary, to shift our manufacturing from Israel to other countries where we have business
partners, and we have not had customers in Israel in the last year. However, the intensity and duration of Israel’s current war
is difficult to predict at this stage, as are such war’s economic implications on the Company’s business and operations and
on Israel’s economy in general. If the ceasefires declared collapse or a new war commences or hostilities expand to other fronts,
our operations may be adversely affected. Our commercial insurance does
not cover losses that may occur as a result of events associated with the security situation in the Middle East. Although the Israeli
government currently covers the reinstatement value of direct damages that are caused by terrorist attacks or acts of war, we cannot assure
you that this government coverage will be maintained. Any losses or damages incurred by us could have a material adverse effect on our
business. Any armed conflicts or political instability in the region would likely negatively affect business conditions and could harm
our results of operations. To-date, we have received Israeli government war related support funding of approximately $100,000. The continued political instability
and hostilities between Israel and its neighbors and any future armed conflict, terrorist activity or political instability in the region
could adversely affect our operations in Israel and adversely affect the market price of our shares of common stock. In addition, several
organizations and countries may restrict doing business with Israel and Israeli companies have been and are today subjected to economic
boycotts. The interruption or curtailment of trade between Israel and its present trading partners could adversely affect our business,
financial condition and results of operations. Finally, political conditions
within Israel may affect our operations. Israel has held five general elections between 2019 and 2022, and prior to October 2023, the
Israeli government pursued extensive changes to Israel’s judicial system, which sparked extensive political debate and unrest. Actual
or perceived political instability in Israel or any negative changes in the political environment, may individually or in the aggregate
adversely affect the Israeli economy and, in turn, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. Actelis Israel received Israeli government
grants for certain of our research and development activities, the terms of which require us to pay royalties and satisfy specified conditions
in order to manufacture products and transfer technologies outside of Israel. If we fail to satisfy these conditions, we may be required
to pay penalties and refund grants previously received. Our wholly owned subsidiary, Actelis Israel, which manages our research
and development efforts, has been financed in part through royalty-bearing grants in an aggregate amount of approximately $14 million
(plus accrued interest), received from the Israeli Innovation Authority (formerly known as the Office of the Chief Scientist of the Israeli
Ministry of Economy), or the IIA, as of December 31, 2025. We are committed to pay royalties at a rate of 3% on revenues up to the
total amount of grants received, linked to the U.S. dollar and bearing interest at an annual rate of LIBOR applicable to U.S. dollar
deposits. 42 We are further required to
comply with the requirements of the Israeli Encouragement of Industrial Research, Development and Technological Innovation Law, 5744-1984
(formerly known as the Law for Encouragement of Research and Development in the Industry, 1984), as amended, and related regulations,
or the Research Law, with respect to those past grants. When a grantee company develops know-how, technology or products using IIA grants,
the terms of these grants and the Research Law restrict the transfer or license of such know-how, and the transfer of manufacturing or
manufacturing rights of such products, technologies or know-how outside of Israel, without the prior approval of the IIA. Therefore,
the discretionary approval of an IIA committee would be required for any transfer or license to third parties inside or outside of Israel
of Actelis Israel’s know how or for the transfer outside of Israel of manufacturing or manufacturing rights related to those aspects
of such technologies. We may not receive those approvals. Furthermore, the IIA may impose certain conditions on any arrangement under
which it permits us to transfer technology or development outside of Israel. The transfer or license of
IIA-supported technology or know-how outside of Israel and the transfer of manufacturing of IIA-supported products, technology or know-how
outside of Israel may involve the payment of significant amounts, depending upon the value of the transferred or licensed technology or
know-how, our research and development expenses, the amount of IIA support, the time of completion of the IIA-supported research project
and other factors. These restrictions and requirements for payment may impair our ability to sell, license or otherwise transfer our technology
assets outside of Israel or to outsource or transfer development or manufacturing activities with respect to any product or technology
outside of Israel. Furthermore, the consideration available to our shareholders in a transaction involving the transfer outside of Israel
of technology or know-how developed with IIA funding (such as a merger or similar transaction) may be reduced by any amounts that we are
required to pay to the IIA. There are costs and difficulties inherent
in managing cross-border business operations. Managing a business, operations,
personnel or assets in another country is challenging and costly. Any management that we may have (whether based abroad or in the United States)
may be inexperienced in cross-border business practices and unaware of significant differences in accounting rules, legal regimes, and
labor practices. Even with a seasoned and experienced management team, the costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business
operations, personnel, and assets can be significant (and much higher than in a purely domestic business) and may negatively impact our
financial and operational performance. Employment and other material contracts
we have with our Israeli employees are governed by Israeli laws. Our inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under these agreements could
adversely affect our business and financial condition . All employees were asked
to sign employment agreements that contain confidentiality, non-compete and assignment of intellectual property provisions. The employment
agreements with our employees in Israel are governed by Israeli laws. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws and contracts
in Israel may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States, leading to a higher than usual degree
of uncertainty as to the outcome of any litigation. Our inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of these or future agreements
could adversely affect our business and financial condition. Delay with respect to the enforcement of particular rules and regulations,
including those relating to intellectual property, customs, tax, and labor, could also cause serious disruption to operations abroad and
negatively impact our results. Israeli courts have required
employers seeking to enforce non-compete undertakings of a former employee to demonstrate that the competitive activities of the former
employee will harm one of a limited number of material interests of the employer which have been recognized by the courts, such as the
secrecy of a company’s confidential commercial information or the protection of its intellectual property. If we cannot demonstrate
that such interests will be harmed, we may be unable to prevent our competitors from benefiting from the expertise of our former employees
or consultants and our ability to remain competitive may be diminished. In addition, Chapter 8
of the Israeli Patents Law, 5727-1967, or the Patents Law, deals with inventions made in the course of an employee’s service
and during his or her term of employment, whether or not the invention is patentable, or service inventions. Section 134 of the Patents
Law sets forth that if there is no agreement which explicitly determines whether the employee is entitled to compensation for the service
inventions and the extent and terms of such compensation, such determination will be made by the Compensation and Rewards Committee, a
statutory committee of the Israeli Patents Office. As a result, it is unclear if, and to what extent, our research and development employees
may be able to claim compensation with respect to our future revenues. Such claims, if successfully asserted, could adversely affect our
results of operations and profitability. 43 We may be adversely affected by fluctuations
in the currency exchange rate of the Israeli Shekel. A significant amount of our expenses are presented in Israeli Shekels,
both expenses from employees and suppliers. Our customers buy our products priced in US dollars or Euros. The strengthening of the shekel
against the dollar and the euro could erode our profitability. For example, the dollar depreciated against the NIS during 2025 by approximately
12.5%. We cannot predict any future trends in the rate of inflation in Israel or the rate of devaluation (if any) of the NIS against the
dollar. If the dollar cost of our operations in Israel increases, our dollar-measured results of operations will be adversely affected. Unanticipated changes in our effective tax
rate and additional tax liabilities, including those resulting from our international operations or the implementation of new tax rules,
could harm our future results. We are subject to income
taxes in the United States and Israel. Our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses in
differing jurisdictions and complex transfer pricing regulations administered by taxing authorities in various jurisdictions. Tax rates
in the jurisdictions in which we operate may change as a result of factors outside of our control or relevant taxing authorities may disagree
with our determinations as to the income and expenses attributable to specific jurisdictions. In addition, changes in tax and trade laws,
treaties or regulations, or their interpretation or enforcement, have become more unpredictable and may become more stringent, which could
materially adversely affect our tax position. Forecasting our estimated
annual effective tax rate is complex and subject to uncertainty, and there may be material differences between our forecasted and actual
effective tax rate. Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with
differing statutory tax rates, certain non-deductible expenses, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, adjustments to income
taxes upon finalization of tax returns, changes in available tax attributes, decision to repatriate non-U.S. earnings for which we
have not previously provided for U.S. taxes, and changes in federal, state, or international tax laws and accounting principles. Finally, we may be subject
to income tax audits throughout the world. An adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material
impact on our results of operations or financial condition for that period. Risks Related to our Common Stock The requirements of being a public company
may strain our resources, divert management’s attention, and affect our ability to attract and retain executive management and qualified
board members. As a public company, we are
subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the listing standards of Nasdaq and other applicable securities rules and
regulations. The requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting, and financial compliance
costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming, and costly, and place significant strain on our personnel, systems, and resources.
For example, the Exchange Act requires, among other things, that we file annual, quarterly, and current reports with respect to our
business and results of operations. As a result of the complexity involved in complying with the rules and regulations applicable
to public companies, our management’s attention may be diverted from other business concerns, which could harm our business, results
of operations, and financial condition. We also expect that being
a public company and these new rules and regulations will make it more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability
insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could
also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members of our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit
committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. As a result of disclosure
of information in filings required of a public company, our business and financial condition is more visible, which may result in an increased
risk of threatened or actual litigation, including by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business
and results of operations could be harmed, and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims,
and the time and resources necessary to resolve them, could divert the resources of our management and harm our business, results of operations,
and financial condition. 44 The individuals who now constitute
our senior management team have limited experience managing a publicly-traded company and limited experience complying with the increasingly
complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our senior management team may not successfully or efficiently manage our transition to a
public company that is subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations. We are an “emerging growth company,”
and our compliance with the reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to “emerging growth companies” may make
our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging
growth company,” as defined in the JOBS Act, and we have elected to take advantage of certain exemptions and relief from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies.” These provisions
include, but are not limited to: requiring only two years of audited financial statements and only two years of related selected
financial data and management’s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations disclosures; being exempt
from compliance with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; being exempt from any
rules that could be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board requiring mandatory audit firm rotations or a supplement
to the auditor’s report on financial statements; being subject to reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements; and not being required to hold nonbinding advisory votes on executive compensation or on
any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, while we are
an “emerging growth company,” we will not be required to comply with any new financial accounting standard until such standard
is generally applicable to private companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that are not “emerging
growth companies” or elect not to avail themselves of this provision. We may remain an “emerging
growth company” until as late as December 31, 2027, the fiscal year-end following the fifth anniversary of the completion of
our IPO, though we may cease to be an “emerging growth company” earlier under certain circumstances, including if (1) we
have more than $1.07 billion in annual net revenues in any fiscal year, (2) we become a “large accelerated filer,”
with at least $700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates as of the end of the second quarter of that fiscal year or
(3) we issue more than $1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period. The exact implications of
the JOBS Act are still subject to interpretations and guidance by the SEC and other regulatory agencies, and we cannot assure you that
we will be able to take advantage of all of the benefits of the JOBS Act. In addition, investors may find our common stock less attractive
to the extent we rely on the exemptions and relief granted by the JOBS Act. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as
a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may decline or become more volatile. If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result,
our shareholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price
of our common stock. As a public company, we are
subject to significant requirements for enhanced financial reporting and internal controls. The process of designing and implementing
effective internal controls is a continuous effort that requires us to anticipate and react to changes in our business and the economic
and regulatory environments and to expend significant resources to maintain a system of internal controls that is adequate to satisfy
our reporting obligations as a public company. In addition, we are required, pursuant to Section 404, to furnish a report by management
on, among other things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in the second annual report following the completion
of our IPO. This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in our internal
control over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency or combination of deficiencies in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company’s annual and interim financial
statements will not be detected or prevented on a timely basis. 45 The rules governing the
standards that must be met for our management to assess our internal control over financial reporting are complex and require significant
documentation, testing, and possible remediation. Testing and maintaining internal controls may divert our management’s attention
from other matters that are important to our business. Once we are no longer an “emerging growth company,” or a “smaller
reporting company”, our auditors will be required to issue an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal controls
on an annual basis. Although as of December
31, 2025, the company reported that it has effective internal controls over financial reporting, there can be no assurance that we will
not suffer from material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in the future. If we fail to maintain effective internal controls over
financial reporting in the future, such failure could result in a material misstatement of our annual or quarterly financial statements
that would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis and which could cause investors and other users to lose confidence in our financial
statements, limit our ability to raise capital and have a negative effect on the trading price of our ordinary shares. Additionally,
failure to remediate the material weakness or otherwise maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting may also negatively
impact our operating results and financial condition, impair our ability to timely file our periodic and other reports with the SEC,
subject us to additional litigation and regulatory actions and cause us to incur substantial additional costs in future periods relating
to the implementation of remedial measures. In the future, it is possible
that additional material weaknesses or significant deficiencies may be identified that we may be unable to remedy before the requisite
deadline for these reports. Our ability to comply with the annual internal control reporting requirements will depend on the effectiveness
of our financial reporting and data systems and controls across our company. Any weaknesses or deficiencies or any failure to implement
new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in the implementation or operation of these controls, could harm our operating results
and cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations, or result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements,
which could adversely affect our business and reduce our stock price. If we are unable to conclude
on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404, our independent
registered public accounting firm may not issue an unqualified opinion. If we are unable to conclude that we have effective internal control
over financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect
on the trading price of our common stock. Failure to remedy any material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, or
to implement or maintain other effective control systems required of public companies, could also restrict our future access to the capital
markets. If we fail to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result,
stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm our business and the trading price of
our common stock. Effective internal controls
over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and
procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in
their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection
with Section 404, or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm, may reveal deficiencies in our
internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes
to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Inferior internal controls could also cause
investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock. 46 We are required to disclose
changes made in our internal controls and procedures on a quarterly basis and our management is required to assess the effectiveness of
these controls annually. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm will be required to attest to the effectiveness
of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, however they will not be required to do so for so long
as we are an emerging growth company. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years (i.e., until December 31,
2027). An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting could detect problems that our
management’s assessment might not. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting could lead to
restatements of our financial statements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. Our disclosure controls and procedures may
not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. We are subject to certain
reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to reasonably assure that information
required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management,
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that
any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only
reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls
can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls.
Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements or insufficient disclosures due to error or fraud
may occur and not be detected. An active trading market may not develop
for our securities. Our common stock is listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market. However, we cannot predict the extent to which investor interest in our Company will lead to the development
of an active trading market in our common stock or how liquid that market might become. If such a market does not develop or is not sustained,
it may be difficult for you to sell your shares of common stock at the time you wish to sell them, at a price that is attractive to you,
or at all. The trading market for our
common stock in the future could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to several factors, including, but not limited to: ● actual or anticipated variations in our results of operations; ● our ability or inability to generate revenues or profit; ● the number of shares in our public float; and ● increased competition. Furthermore, our stock price
may be impacted by factors that are unrelated or disproportionate to our operating performance. These market fluctuations, as well as
general economic, political, and market conditions, such as recessions, interest rates or international currency fluctuations may adversely
affect the market price of our common stock. Additionally, moving forward we anticipate having a limited number of shares in our public
float, and as a result, there could be extreme fluctuations in the price of our common stock. 47 Our issuance of additional capital stock
in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. In the future, we may need
to raise additional capital through equity and debt financings in order to fund our operations. If we raise capital through equity financings
in the future, that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We also expect to grant equity awards to employees, directors,
and consultants under our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan. As part of our business strategy, we may acquire or make investments in complementary
companies, products, or technologies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition or investment. Any such issuances of
additional capital stock may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per-share value
of our common stock to decline. We do not intend to pay dividends on our
common stock and, consequently, the ability of common stockholders to achieve a return on investment will depend on appreciation, if any,
in the price of our common stock. You should not rely on an
investment in our common stock to provide dividend income. We do not plan to declare or pay any dividends on our capital stock in the
foreseeable future. Instead, we intend to retain any earnings to finance the operation and expansion of our business. Any credit agreements,
which we may enter into with institutional lenders, may restrict our ability to pay dividends. Whether we pay cash dividends in the future
will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital
requirements and any other factors that the board of directors decides is relevant. Therefore, any return on your investment in our capital
stock must come from increases in the fair market value and trading price of the capital stock. Future sales of our common stock, or the
perception that future sales may occur, may cause the market price of our common stock to decline, even if our business is doing well. Sales of substantial amounts
of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales may occur, could materially and adversely affect the price
of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, or the Charter, authorizes us to issue up to 42,803,774 shares consisting of 30,000,000 shares of common
stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share, 2,803,774 shares of non-voting common stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share and 10,000,000
shares of preferred stock with a par value of $0.0001 per share. As of December 31, 2025, we had 8,058,392 outstanding shares of common
stock and no outstanding shares of preferred stock. In addition, as of such date,
approximately 3,853 shares of common stock were issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options and 173,473 shares vesting of
restricted stock units. Moreover, as of that date, approximately 6,750 shares of our common stock are available for future grants under
our stock incentive plan and for future purchase under our employee stock purchase plan. In addition, as of such date, none shares of
common stock are issuable pursuant to our ATM Program with HCW. Sales of a substantial number
of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales may occur, could depress the market price of our
common stock. The market price of our common stock may
be volatile and may decline regardless of our operating performance, and you may lose all or part of your investments. The market price of our common
stock may fluctuate significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, including: ● overall performance of the equity markets and/or publicly listed technology companies; ● actual or anticipated fluctuations in our net revenues or other operating metrics; ● changes in the financial projections we provide to the public or our failure to meet these projections; ● the
exercise of currently outstanding warrants in large numbers, which may cause downward pressure on our stock price; ● failure of securities analysts to initiate or maintain coverage of us, changes in financial estimates by any securities analysts who follow our company, or our failure to meet the estimates or the expectations of investors; 48 ● the economy as a whole and market conditions in our industry; ● political and economic stability in Israel; ● exchange rate fluctuations between U.S. dollars and Israeli New Shekel; ● rumors and market speculation involving us or other companies in our industry; ● announcements by us or our competitors of significant innovations, acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, or capital commitments; ● new laws or regulations or new interpretations of existing laws or regulations applicable to our business; ● lawsuits threatened or filed against us; ● recruitment or departure of key personnel; ● other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, or responses to these events; and ● the expiration of contractual lock-up or market standoff agreements. In addition, extreme price
and volume fluctuations in the stock markets have affected and continue to affect many technology companies’ stock prices. Often,
their stock prices have fluctuated in ways unrelated or disproportionate to the companies’ operating performance. In the past, securities
action litigation has often been brought against a Company following a decline in the market price of its securities. This risk is especially
relevant for us because technology companies have experienced significant stock price volatility in recent years. If we face such
litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could harm our business. A possible “short squeeze” due
to a sudden increase in demand of our common stock that largely exceeds supply may lead to price volatility in our common stock. Investors may purchase our
common stock to hedge existing exposure in our common stock or to speculate on the price of our common stock. Speculation on the price
of our common stock may involve long and short exposures. To the extent aggregate short exposure exceeds the number of shares of our common
stock available for purchase in the open market, investors with short exposure may have to pay a premium to repurchase our common stock
for delivery to lenders of our common stock. Those repurchases may in turn, dramatically increase the price of our common stock until
investors with short exposure are able to purchase additional common stock to cover their short position. This is often referred to as
a “short squeeze.” A short squeeze could lead to volatile price movements in our common stock that are not directly correlated
to the performance or prospects of our common stock and once investors purchase the shares of common stock necessary to cover their short
position the price of our common stock may decline. If securities or industry analysts do not
publish research, or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research, about our business, our stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our
common stock will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about us or our business.
Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on our company. If no securities or industry analysts
commence coverage of our company, the trading price for our common stock would likely be negatively impacted. In the event securities
or industry analysts initiate coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover us downgrade our stock or publish inaccurate or unfavorable
research about our business, our stock price would likely decline. In addition, if our operating results fail to meet the forecast of
analysts, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of our company or fail to publish reports
on us regularly, demand for our common stock could decrease, which might cause our stock price and trading volume to decline. 49 Provisions in our charter documents and
under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company more difficult, limit attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our
current board of directors and limit the market price of our common stock. Provisions in our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation, or the Charter, and bylaws, or the Bylaws, may have the effect of delaying or preventing a
change of control or changes in our management. Our Charter and Bylaws, include provisions that: ● permit the board of directors to establish the number of directors and fill any vacancies and newly-created directorships; ● classify our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms and stockholders will only be able to remove directors from office for cause; and ● provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter, or repeal our Bylaws. Moreover, Section 203
of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, may discourage, delay, or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203
imposes certain restrictions on mergers, business combinations, and other transactions between us and holders of 15% or more of our common
stock. Our Charter provides that derivative actions
brought on our behalf, actions against our directors, officers, employees or agent for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions
may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware and the stockholders shall be deemed to have consented to this choice
of forum provision, which may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors, officers, other employees or agents. Our Charter provides that,
unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole
and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach
of a fiduciary duty owed by, or other wrongdoing by, any current or former director, officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Company
to the Company or the Company’s stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us or any current or former director,
officer, stockholder, employee or agent of the Corporation arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, or our Company’s Certificate
of Incorporation or Bylaws, (d) any action to interpret, apply, enforce or determine the validity of the Company’s Certificate
of Incorporation or Bylaws, (e) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine or (f) any action asserting
an “internal corporate claim” as that term is defined in Section 115 of the General Corporation Law. The federal district
courts of the United States of America shall be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint, claim or proceeding asserting
a cause of action arising under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. Furthermore, Section 22 of the Securities Act creates
concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities
Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. Stockholders cannot waive
compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise
acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our capital stock shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provision
in our Charter. The choice-of-forum provision
may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or
its directors, officers or other employees, and may result in increased costs to a stockholder who has to bring a claim in a forum that
is not convenient to the stockholder, which may discourage such lawsuits. Although under Section 115 of the DGCL, exclusive forum
provisions may be included in a company’s certificate of incorporation, the enforceability of similar forum provisions in other
companies’ certificates or incorporation or bylaws has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could
find these types of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable. If a court were to find the exclusive forum provision of our Charter
inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs
associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 50 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY. Risk management and strategy We have developed and maintain
a cybersecurity risk management program that focuses primarily on securing and safeguarding computer systems, networks, cloud services,
business applications, and data and that is integrated in our overall risk management strategy and framework. We have implemented protocols
to protect against cyber threats and ensure the containment and security of sensitive business data, including ongoing security reviews
of critical systems, continuous monitoring of event data, and employee training programs, which processes are aligned with our overall
business and operational goals and strategies. Our risk assessment occurs on an ongoing basis and covers identification of risks that
could act against the company’s objectives as well as specific risks related to a compromise to the security of data. We engage a third-party to
provide operational support for cybersecurity risks. This forms a critical part of our risk management strategy, facilitating effective
management and mitigation of risks, and ensuring adherence to applicable regulatory and industry standards. Overall, we believe that
we have established a robust framework for confidentiality, integrity, and availability of information, adhering to relevant security
standards, practices, and compliance requirements. In addition, we maintain insurance to help protect against risks associated with cybersecurity
threats. As of the date of this report, we do not believe that any risks from cybersecurity threats have materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. However, despite our
efforts, we cannot eliminate all risks from cybersecurity threats, or provide assurances that we have not experienced an undetected cybersecurity
incident. For more information about these risks, please see “Item 1.A –

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers and we assist them as needed in specific cases. For example, since the breakout of COVID-19, as the world
is experiencing shortages of electronic components, we have assisted our manufacturers in acquiring components that are harder to find.
We also secure components as have been designated to be the close to end of life by their manufacturers to ensure adequate quantities
of future product shipments. Our products are assembled
by various contract manufacturers, located in Israel and in Taiwan who possess the expertise of assembly and quality control required
for electronic manufacturing in a turn-key fashion. Some of our products are manufactured to our specifications under an OEM arrangement.
The company uses state-of-the-art logistics services from the best providers worldwide and also has in-house expertise in executing such
required processes. We believe that we can add
and/or replace our contract manufacturer if necessary. We have successfully transitioned from one contract manufacturer to another in
the past, and we believe that a transition would be achievable, if necessary, in the future typically within three to six months. Warranty Our products are generally
sold with a standard warranty of two years for product defects, as well as technical center support with properly trained personnel,
during normal business hours, to address incidents raised customers. Within the warranty agreement, we offer to repair or replace
defective products, or software bug fixes. Upon expiration of the warranty period, the customer has an option to purchase an extended
warranty contract for an additional fee, typically for one or more periods of 12 months. Growth Strategy Global Expansion and Recognition We intend to leverage (a)
the customers, partners, and representatives’ presence in over 30 countries including the Americas, Europe and Asia, (b) brand recognition
developed over more than 20 years, and (c) the fact that our products are differentiated, as we believe, offering unique value in IoT
verticals, particularly in Federal/Military, Smart Cities, Smart Roads, Utilities and Rail, as well as for Telecom carriers and in particular
our differentiation in providing critical Gigabit and fiber grade solutions to Multi-Dwelling Units (“MDU”). Furthermore,
we believe our unique package of cyber-hardened communications building blocks for IoT environments coupled with our cyber management
solution that comes with the network, will help us increase our presence and recognition as a stand-out solution. In order to achieve the right
level of global coverage, we continue to expand our network of partners and representatives, as well as reputable advisors with unique
expertise , and aim increasingly at partnering with larger numbers of companies with global presence. These can be system-integrators,
value-added resellers, contractors, distributors, and consultants. For example, over the last year we expanded our network of partners
in Italy, France, United States and more, including Federal/Military experts assisting us in growing this vertical. We are investing in growing
our sales, channel management and support teams, and dedicate resources which specialize in specific verticals in each of the theaters.
During 2025, we upgraded our capabilities in Federal and Military sales and marketing by hiring a Chief Revenue Officer, Americas and
a Director of Federal sales, both veterans of those markets. Our new hires help us implement a new strategy through the US Department
of War Programs of Record (PoR) to generate much more scalable growth in this vast market. 20 Expansion of Multi-year deals Over the past years,
we entered into several large multi-year contracts with ITS, military, airports, and more that will generate more predictable sales for
the next several years. For example, since the IPO, we announced several new deals we won or started to deliver, such as the worldwide
airport technology provider, a provider of energy services to a major European city in a major European country, the city of San Jose,
California and Northern Ireland railways. We intend to expand this strategy by investing in sales and marketing presence to extend the
length these contracts and add many others. Expansion in Cybersecurity, Recurring Revenue
Model, Cyber monitoring services Cybersecurity is essential
for networking infrastructure. Such security must be addressed at the data traffic, switching, and network management level. Encryption
is a fundamental building block to achieve the necessary protection, preferably at a low networking layer. Our products are already capable
of delivering sensitive information for many critical applications, and we are investing more in making this a strong differentiator,
and to have our products recognized as the most cyber-safe IoT building blocks in the growing secure IoT communication market. To that end, we launched
MetaShield and we offer a SaaS, AI based cyber-security and operational continuity monitoring and mitigation software platform. Additionally,
our customers are bound by elevated security standards requiring them to identify new vulnerabilities in the systems they operate, including
our networking solutions that are installed in their environments. In 2025 we started to market vulnerability scanning, analytics and
monitoring to the customers who require it and believe this initiative will expand further as more and more are required by their parent
organizations or authorities to declare such compliance. United States’ Bipartisan Infrastructure
Law In November 2021, Former
President Biden signed the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law to invest approximately $1.2 trillion to significantly upgrade the United States’
infrastructure. Specifically, the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law mandates investing the following amounts: $110 billion to rebuild
many of America’s roads and bridges; $39 billion in public transit; $66 billion in high-speed rail; $108 billion
to upgrade the nation’s electricity grid; $55 billion to expand access to clean drinking water; $25 billion to modernize
several US airports; $650 billion in previous authorized funding for roads including nearly $300 billion for the Highway Trust
Fund; and $65 billion to ensure that every American has access to high-speed internet through deploying broadband infrastructure.
Part of the latter is the Broadband Equity Access and Deployment Program (the “BEAD”). The BEAD Program provides $42.45 billion
to expand high-speed Internet access by funding planning, infrastructure deployment and adoption programs. All 50 states, the District
of Columbia, and the five territories participating in the Broadband Equity, Access, and Deployment (BEAD) program have approved Internet
for All plans and approximately $28 billion were ear-marked in total for all states. We believe that we have a significant positive contribution
of value through our solutions to the BEAD projects, and we are pursuing funded programs where we look to offer our products. It remains uncertain what
actions, if any, the Trump Administration may take to repeal or otherwise modify the the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law or BEAD. Recent increase and creation
of new tariffs by the Trump Administration is not likely to affect the Company significantly, since the Company manufactures its
products in Israel and Taiwan, and the procurement of raw material is done directly to these countries. Also, the United States has stable
trade agreements with Israel, where our subsidiary manages our operations, and from which exports our products to the Unites States. We believe that this significant
increase in infrastructure spending by the United States Government will likely result in investments in our communication infrastructure
solutions, as these spending initiatives are aimed at our targeted verticals. 21 Growth through Mergers and Acquisitions We continue to evaluate potential
growth through mergers and acquisitions opportunities in situations where we believe that a transaction will fill business gaps or add
key business operations without requiring us to wait years for marketing and sales cycles to materialize. The resulting combination
of our existing products and services, new key personnel, and strategic partnerships through M&A could provide new offerings to our
existing market. If we target businesses in
the same sector or location, we hope to combine resources to reduce costs, eliminate duplicate facilities or departments and increase
revenue. We still believe this strategy will provide for accelerated growth and maximize investor returns. Environmental We are not aware of any environmental
laws that have been enacted, nor are we aware of any such laws being contemplated for the future, that impact issues specific to our business. Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025,
we had approximately 51 employees and contractors, of which 39 were full-time employees, including 13 in sales and marketing, 20 in research
development, engineering, and operations and 6 in general and administration. We have approximately 34 employees and contractors in Israel,
15 in the U.S., ,1 in Europe and 1 in Asia. Our U.S.-based employees are employed through a Professional Employer Organization, providing
employee benefits and services. We believe our culture and
principles enable us to attract, retain, motivate and develop our workforce as well as drive employee engagement. We believe an engaged
workforce leads to a more innovative and productive company that serves its customers better. Our employees work to ensure that our products
and services connect and protect our customers critical infrastructure. A testament to that is the long-term retention of many of our
employees and their loyalty to us. We measure each one through a goal setting and measurement system to maximize our enterprise value
and employee career potential. We support and strive for
ethnic and gender diversity. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may
be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. To the knowledge of our management, there
are no legal proceedings currently pending against us which we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
position, results of operations and, to the best of our knowledge, there are no such legal proceedings contemplated or threatened. Regardless
of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and
other factors. 22 Government Regulation Our products are required
to be certified for safety and local standards in each country that we sell in as needed. In the United States, Canada, Europe, and
Japan our products are UL certified (safety), EN (emissions Regulation), VCCI (Japanese emissions standard), CISPR (European emission
standard), ICES (Canadian radio frequency emissions standards), ETSI (European electromagnetic compatibility standard), CFR (US Federal
Broadcasting Regulation), as well as IEC (European Safety Standard). We have also received the JITC (Joint Interoperability Test Command)
certification of meeting certain cybersecurity standards required by the DoW. We are subject to numerous
federal, state, provincial, local, and foreign laws and regulations relating to the storage, handling, emission, and discharge of materials
into the environment, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act; the Clean Water Act; the Clean
Air Act; the Emergency Planning and Community Right-To-Know Act; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act; and similar laws in the other
countries in which we operate. While we believe that our existing environmental control procedures are adequate, we will continue to evaluate
and update our procedures as needed to address new or changing aspects of environmental matters. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination
of trade secrets, patent, trademark and copyright laws in the United States, as well as intellectual property licenses and other
contractual rights (including confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions, and non-disclosure and assignment-of-intellectual property
agreements with our employees, independent contractors, consultants and companies with which we conduct business) to establish and protect
our A.I. technology, intellectual property and proprietary rights, trade secrets, databases, and our brand. We have registered Actelis
Networks as a service trademark in the United States, and we are the registered holder of the domain name Actelis.com that includes “Actelis
Networks, Inc.”. Out of 29 patents that we were granted in the United States, 13 are registered and current while the remaining
16 expired. Out of 6 patents we were granted in Europe, 3 are registered and current while the remaining 3 expired, 1 registered patent
in Indonesia, one pending application in Brazil, all of which in the general area of high-speed carrier class Ethernet service and transport
over bonded VDSL2, G.SHDSL as well as Fiber G.fast and G.hn protocols covering various aspects of our technology. While we continue to
consult with counsel on the advisability to seek patent protection of some of our algorithms, we rely heavily on trade secrets to protect
our intellectual property around our technology. While we continue to consult with counsel on the advisability to seek patent protection
of some of our algorithms, we rely heavily on trade secrets to protect our intellectual property around our technology. Without accounting for any
potential patent term adjustments or extensions or other forms of exclusivity with respect to our U.S. issued patents, three patents expire
between 2025 and 2026, five expire between 2027 and 2030, and 8 expire between 2031 and 2038. Any patent issuing from the pending WIPO
patent application will begin to expire in 2041. With respect to our European patents, 1 European patent is expected to expire between
2024 and 2026, and 2 European patent are expected to expire between 2027 and 2038. Our Mexican patent is expected to expire in 2026 and
our Indonesian patent is expected to expire in 2028. We continue to maintain our
intellectual property and confidential business information in a number of ways. For instance, we have a policy of requiring all employees
and consultants to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting relationship with us. Our employee
agreements also require relevant employees to assign to us all rights to any inventions made or conceived during their employment with
us in accordance with applicable law. In addition, we have a policy of requiring individuals and entities with which we discuss potential
business relationships to sign non-disclosure agreements. Lastly, our agreements with clients include confidentiality and non-disclosure
provisions. Corporate Information We were incorporated in Delaware
in 1998. We completed our initial public offering on May 17, 2022 and our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol “ASNS.” Our principal executive offices are located at 710 Lakeway Drive, Suite 200, Sunnyvale, CA
94085, and our telephone number is (510)-545-1040. 23 Available Information Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act
and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by us
with the SEC are available free of charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . or on our website at https://actelis.com/ when
such reports are available on the SEC’s website. We use our website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and
for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated
into this filing.

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and delivering products to our customers based on promised
delivery schedules. Our raw material consists
of electronic chipsets, FPGA components, modems, and other electronic and mechanical components. Most of those components are procured
by our contract manufacturers and we assist them as needed in specific cases. For example, since the breakout of COVID-19, as the world
is experiencing shortages of electronic components, we have assisted our manufacturers in acquiring components that are harder to find.
We also secure components as have been designated to be the close to end of life by their manufacturers to ensure adequate quantities
of future product shipments. Our products are assembled
by various contract manufacturers, located in Israel and in Taiwan who possess the expertise of assembly and quality control required
for electronic manufacturing in a turn-key fashion. Some of our products are manufactured to our specifications under an OEM arrangement.
The company uses state-of-the-art logistics services from the best providers worldwide and also has in-house expertise in executing such
required processes. We believe that we can add
and/or replace our contract manufacturer if necessary. We have successfully transitioned from one contract manufacturer to another in
the past, and we believe that a transition would be achievable, if necessary, in the future typically within three to six months. Warranty Our products are generally
sold with a standard warranty of two years for product defects, as well as technical center support with properly trained personnel,
during normal business hours, to address incidents raised customers. Within the warranty agreement, we offer to repair or replace
defective products, or software bug fixes. Upon expiration of the warranty period, the customer has an option to purchase an extended
warranty contract for an additional fee, typically for one or more periods of 12 months. Growth Strategy Global Expansion and Recognition We intend to leverage (a)
the customers, partners, and representatives’ presence in over 30 countries including the Americas, Europe and Asia, (b) brand recognition
developed over more than 20 years, and (c) the fact that our products are differentiated, as we believe, offering unique value in IoT
verticals, particularly in Federal/Military, Smart Cities, Smart Roads, Utilities and Rail, as well as for Telecom carriers and in particular
our differentiation in providing critical Gigabit and fiber grade solutions to Multi-Dwelling Units (“MDU”). Furthermore,
we believe our unique package of cyber-hardened communications building blocks for IoT environments coupled with our cyber management
solution that comes with the network, will help us increase our presence and recognition as a stand-out solution. In order to achieve the right
level of global coverage, we continue to expand our network of partners and representatives, as well as reputable advisors with unique
expertise , and aim increasingly at partnering with larger numbers of companies with global presence. These can be system-integrators,
value-added resellers, contractors, distributors, and consultants. For example, over the last year we expanded our network of partners
in Italy, France, United States and more, including Federal/Military experts assisting us in growing this vertical. We are investing in growing
our sales, channel management and support teams, and dedicate resources which specialize in specific verticals in each of the theaters.
During 2025, we upgraded our capabilities in Federal and Military sales and marketing by hiring a Chief Revenue Officer, Americas and
a Director of Federal sales, both veterans of those markets. Our new hires help us implement a new strategy through the US Department
of War Programs of Record (PoR) to generate much more scalable growth in this vast market. 20 Expansion of Multi-year deals Over the past years,
we entered into several large multi-year contracts with ITS, military, airports, and more that will generate more predictable sales for
the next several years. For example, since the IPO, we announced several new deals we won or started to deliver, such as the worldwide
airport technology provider, a provider of energy services to a major European city in a major European country, the city of San Jose,
California and Northern Ireland railways. We intend to expand this strategy by investing in sales and marketing presence to extend the
length these contracts and add many others. Expansion in Cybersecurity, Recurring Revenue
Model, Cyber monitoring services Cybersecurity is essential
for networking infrastructure. Such security must be addressed at the data traffic, switching, and network management level. Encryption
is a fundamental building block to achieve the necessary protection, preferably at a low networking layer. Our products are already capable
of delivering sensitive information for many critical applications, and we are investing more in making this a strong differentiator,
and to have our products recognized as the most cyber-safe IoT building blocks in the growing secure IoT communication market. To that end, we launched
MetaShield and we offer a SaaS, AI based cyber-security and operational continuity monitoring and mitigation software platform. Additionally,
our customers are bound by elevated security standards requiring them to identify new vulnerabilities in the systems they operate, including
our networking solutions that are installed in their environments. In 2025 we started to market vulnerability scanning, analytics and
monitoring to the customers who require it and believe this initiative will expand further as more and more are required by their parent
organizations or authorities to declare such compliance. United States’ Bipartisan Infrastructure
Law In November 2021, Former
President Biden signed the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law to invest approximately $1.2 trillion to significantly upgrade the United States’
infrastructure. Specifically, the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law mandates investing the following amounts: $110 billion to rebuild
many of America’s roads and bridges; $39 billion in public transit; $66 billion in high-speed rail; $108 billion
to upgrade the nation’s electricity grid; $55 billion to expand access to clean drinking water; $25 billion to modernize
several US airports; $650 billion in previous authorized funding for roads including nearly $300 billion for the Highway Trust
Fund; and $65 billion to ensure that every American has access to high-speed internet through deploying broadband infrastructure.
Part of the latter is the Broadband Equity Access and Deployment Program (the “BEAD”). The BEAD Program provides $42.45 billion
to expand high-speed Internet access by funding planning, infrastructure deployment and adoption programs. All 50 states, the District
of Columbia, and the five territories participating in the Broadband Equity, Access, and Deployment (BEAD) program have approved Internet
for All plans and approximately $28 billion were ear-marked in total for all states. We believe that we have a significant positive contribution
of value through our solutions to the BEAD projects, and we are pursuing funded programs where we look to offer our products. It remains uncertain what
actions, if any, the Trump Administration may take to repeal or otherwise modify the the Bipartisan Infrastructure Law or BEAD. Recent increase and creation
of new tariffs by the Trump Administration is not likely to affect the Company significantly, since the Company manufactures its
products in Israel and Taiwan, and the procurement of raw material is done directly to these countries. Also, the United States has stable
trade agreements with Israel, where our subsidiary manages our operations, and from which exports our products to the Unites States. We believe that this significant
increase in infrastructure spending by the United States Government will likely result in investments in our communication infrastructure
solutions, as these spending initiatives are aimed at our targeted verticals. 21 Growth through Mergers and Acquisitions We continue to evaluate potential
growth through mergers and acquisitions opportunities in situations where we believe that a transaction will fill business gaps or add
key business operations without requiring us to wait years for marketing and sales cycles to materialize. The resulting combination
of our existing products and services, new key personnel, and strategic partnerships through M&A could provide new offerings to our
existing market. If we target businesses in
the same sector or location, we hope to combine resources to reduce costs, eliminate duplicate facilities or departments and increase
revenue. We still believe this strategy will provide for accelerated growth and maximize investor returns. Environmental We are not aware of any environmental
laws that have been enacted, nor are we aware of any such laws being contemplated for the future, that impact issues specific to our business. Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025,
we had approximately 51 employees and contractors, of which 39 were full-time employees, including 13 in sales and marketing, 20 in research
development, engineering, and operations and 6 in general and administration. We have approximately 34 employees and contractors in Israel,
15 in the U.S., ,1 in Europe and 1 in Asia. Our U.S.-based employees are employed through a Professional Employer Organization, providing
employee benefits and services. We believe our culture and
principles enable us to attract, retain, motivate and develop our workforce as well as drive employee engagement. We believe an engaged
workforce leads to a more innovative and productive company that serves its customers better. Our employees work to ensure that our products
and services connect and protect our customers critical infrastructure. A testament to that is the long-term retention of many of our
employees and their loyalty to us. We measure each one through a goal setting and measurement system to maximize our enterprise value
and employee career potential. We support and strive for
ethnic and gender diversity. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may
be involved in various claims and legal actions arising in the ordinary course of business. To the knowledge of our management, there
are no legal proceedings currently pending against us which we believe would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
position, results of operations and, to the best of our knowledge, there are no such legal proceedings contemplated or threatened. Regardless
of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and
other factors. 22 Government Regulation Our products are required
to be certified for safety and local standards in each country that we sell in as needed. In the United States, Canada, Europe, and
Japan our products are UL certified (safety), EN (emissions Regulation), VCCI (Japanese emissions standard), CISPR (European emission
standard), ICES (Canadian radio frequency emissions standards), ETSI (European electromagnetic compatibility standard), CFR (US Federal
Broadcasting Regulation), as well as IEC (European Safety Standard). We have also received the JITC (Joint Interoperability Test Command)
certification of meeting certain cybersecurity standards required by the DoW. We are subject to numerous
federal, state, provincial, local, and foreign laws and regulations relating to the storage, handling, emission, and discharge of materials
into the environment, including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act; the Clean Water Act; the Clean
Air Act; the Emergency Planning and Community Right-To-Know Act; the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act; and similar laws in the other
countries in which we operate. While we believe that our existing environmental control procedures are adequate, we will continue to evaluate
and update our procedures as needed to address new or changing aspects of environmental matters. Intellectual Property We rely on a combination
of trade secrets, patent, trademark and copyright laws in the United States, as well as intellectual property licenses and other
contractual rights (including confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions, and non-disclosure and assignment-of-intellectual property
agreements with our employees, independent contractors, consultants and companies with which we conduct business) to establish and protect
our A.I. technology, intellectual property and proprietary rights, trade secrets, databases, and our brand. We have registered Actelis
Networks as a service trademark in the United States, and we are the registered holder of the domain name Actelis.com that includes “Actelis
Networks, Inc.”. Out of 29 patents that we were granted in the United States, 13 are registered and current while the remaining
16 expired. Out of 6 patents we were granted in Europe, 3 are registered and current while the remaining 3 expired, 1 registered patent
in Indonesia, one pending application in Brazil, all of which in the general area of high-speed carrier class Ethernet service and transport
over bonded VDSL2, G.SHDSL as well as Fiber G.fast and G.hn protocols covering various aspects of our technology. While we continue to
consult with counsel on the advisability to seek patent protection of some of our algorithms, we rely heavily on trade secrets to protect
our intellectual property around our technology. While we continue to consult with counsel on the advisability to seek patent protection
of some of our algorithms, we rely heavily on trade secrets to protect our intellectual property around our technology. Without accounting for any
potential patent term adjustments or extensions or other forms of exclusivity with respect to our U.S. issued patents, three patents expire
between 2025 and 2026, five expire between 2027 and 2030, and 8 expire between 2031 and 2038. Any patent issuing from the pending WIPO
patent application will begin to expire in 2041. With respect to our European patents, 1 European patent is expected to expire between
2024 and 2026, and 2 European patent are expected to expire between 2027 and 2038. Our Mexican patent is expected to expire in 2026 and
our Indonesian patent is expected to expire in 2028. We continue to maintain our
intellectual property and confidential business information in a number of ways. For instance, we have a policy of requiring all employees
and consultants to execute confidentiality agreements upon the commencement of an employment or consulting relationship with us. Our employee
agreements also require relevant employees to assign to us all rights to any inventions made or conceived during their employment with
us in accordance with applicable law. In addition, we have a policy of requiring individuals and entities with which we discuss potential
business relationships to sign non-disclosure agreements. Lastly, our agreements with clients include confidentiality and non-disclosure
provisions. Corporate Information We were incorporated in Delaware
in 1998. We completed our initial public offering on May 17, 2022 and our common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Capital
Market under the symbol “ASNS.” Our principal executive offices are located at 710 Lakeway Drive, Suite 200, Sunnyvale, CA
94085, and our telephone number is (510)-545-1040. 23 Available Information Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K,
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), are filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act
and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by us
with the SEC are available free of charge on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov . or on our website at https://actelis.com/ when
such reports are available on the SEC’s website. We use our website as a means of disclosing material non-public information and
for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated
into this filing.

