TICKER: ASPI
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain access to critical materials used in nuclear medicine, next-generation semiconductors, and nuclear energy. In addition, in January 2026, we acquired Renergen, which is South Africa’s leading onshore natural gas explorer and the first integrated producer of both liquid helium and LNG (as discussed further below). Our proprietary enrichment technologies, the Aerodynamic Separation Process (“ASP technology”) and Quantum Enrichment technology (“QE technology”), are designed to enable the production of isotopes for a range of industrial and advanced technology applications. Our initial focus with respect to our isotope enrichment platform is on the production and commercialization of enriched Carbon-14 (“C-14”), Silicon-28 (“Si-28”) and Ytterbium-176 (“Yb-176”). We commenced commercial production of enriched isotopes at both of our ASP enrichment facilities located in Pretoria, South Africa during the first half of 2025. Our first ASP enrichment facility is designed to enrich light isotopes, such as C-14 and C-12. The second ASP enrichment facility, which is substantially larger than the first, should have the potential to enrich kilogram quantities of relatively heavier isotopes, including but not limited to Si-28. We are targeting initial commercial shipments of enriched C-14 in mid-2026. We are targeting initial commercial shipments of enriched Si-28 during the second quarter of 2026. We have also completed the commissioning phase and are producing commercial samples of highly enriched Yb-176 at our third enrichment facility, a QE technology facility, which is our first laser-based enrichment plant. We are targeting initial commercial shipments of Yb-176 in mid-2026 or the third quarter of 2026. In addition, we have started planning additional isotope enrichment plants both in South Africa and in other jurisdictions, including Iceland and the United States. We believe the C-14 we may produce using the ASP technology could be used in the development of new pharmaceuticals and agrochemicals. We believe the Si-28 we may produce using the ASP technology may be used to create advanced semiconductors and in quantum computing. We believe the Yb-176 we may produce using the QE technology may be used to create radiotherapeutics that treat various forms of oncology. We are considering the future development of the ASP technology for the separation of Zinc-68 and Xenon-129/136 for potential use in the healthcare end market, Germanium 70/72/74 for potential use in the semiconductor end market, and Chlorine -37 for potential use in the nuclear energy end market. We are also considering the future development of QE technology for the separation of Nickel-64, Gadolinium-160, Ytterbium-171, Lithium-6 and Lithium-7. QLE is currently pursuing an initiative to apply our enrichment technologies to the enrichment of Uranium-235 (“U-235”) in South Africa.  We believe that the U-235 QLE may produce has the potential to be commercialized as a nuclear fuel component for use in the new generation of high-assay low-enriched uranium (“HALEU”)-fueled small modular reactors that are now under development for commercial and government uses.  In furtherance of our uranium enrichment initiative in South Africa, we have entered into certain definitive agreements with TerraPower, LLC (“TerraPower”), including a term loan subject to conditions to support construction of a new uranium enrichment facility at Pelindaba, South Africa and supply agreements for the future supply of HALEU to TerraPower, as a customer.  In addition, QLE’s South African subsidiary has entered into a Pre-Implementation Services Contract Agreement (“Services Contract”) with The South African Nuclear Energy Corporation (“Necsa”), a South African state-owned company responsible for undertaking and promoting research and development in the field of nuclear energy and radiation sciences, pursuant to which Necsa has agreed to provide to QLE’s South African subsidiary certain facilities, infrastructure, utilities and services related to the siting, design, construction, commission and operation of an enrichment facility on the Necsa site in Pelindaba. In the period since our inception to date, we have not applied our enrichment technologies to the 5 enrichment of U-235, nor received permission or regulatory approval to conduct testing of our enrichment technologies on U-235, except for the activities contemplated by the Services Contract with Necsa.  Our expectation that QLE’s initiative to apply our enrichment technologies to the enrichment of U-235 could be successful is based upon research conducted by certain of our scientists prior to joining the company, as well as the demonstrated effectiveness of QE technology on Yb-176. QLE acquired a controlling interest in Skyline in August 2025. Skyline is a holding company, and its operations are conducted through its wholly owned operating subsidiaries, Kin Chiu Engineering Limited and Kin Chiu Development Company Limited. Operations primarily consist of construction activities which include public civil engineering works, such as road and drainage works, in Hong Kong. Skyline mostly undertakes civil engineering works in the role as a subcontractor but is fully qualified to undertake such works in the capacity of a main contractor. QLE intends to pursue opportunities to acquire assets in the critical materials supply chain. We acquired Renergen in January 2026.  Renergen is South Africa’s leading onshore natural gas explorer and the first integrated producer of both liquid helium and LNG, both of which are produced from the natural gas reserve base that underpins Renergen’s natural gas development project (the “Virginia Gas Project”).  The Virginia Gas Project includes (i) the liquefaction of natural gas into LNG, (ii) the separation of helium from natural gas, and (iii) the further liquefaction of helium into 99.999% pure liquid helium. This liquefaction and separation takes place at Renergen’s natural gas processing plant in the Free State Province of South Africa (the “Viriginia Gas Plant”).  Renergen’s principal asset is its 94.5% equity ownership in Tetra4, which holds an onshore petroleum production right and is the entity developing the Virginia Gas Project. Our Subsidiaries We operate principally through our subsidiaries as described below. Specialist Isotopes .  ASP Isotopes Guernsey Limited (the holding company for certain subsidiaries in the Cayman Islands, South Africa, Iceland and the United Kingdom) is focused on the development and commercialization of high-value, low-volume isotopes for highly specialized end markets (such as C-14, Molybdenum-100 (“Mo-100"), and Si-28). ASP Isotopes UK Ltd is the owner of our enrichment technology. Quantum Leap Energy . In September 2023, we formed QLE, which also has subsidiaries in the United Kingdom (Quantum Leap Energy Limited) and South Africa (Quantum Leap Energy (Pty) Limited), to focus on the development and commercialization of advanced nuclear fuels, such as HALEU and Lithium-6.  QLE’s direct wholly owned subsidiary Quantum Leap Energy Limited (“QLE UK”), has its operations in the United Kingdom. QLE UK’s direct wholly owned subsidiary, Quantum Leap Energy Proprietary Limited (“QLE South Africa”), has its operations in South Africa.  QLE also formed QLE TP Funding SPE LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “QLE SPE Borrower”), as a wholly owned subsidiary to act as a special purpose borrower for a loan transaction with TerraPower, a US nuclear innovation company.  The QLE SPE Borrower has formed a subsidiary in South Africa to act as the project company for a proposed new uranium enrichment facility at Pelindaba, South Africa. QLE’s mission is to address perceived gaps in the nuclear fuel cycle, promote safe nuclear power, and enhance the sustainability of the nuclear fuel cycle for advanced nuclear reactors and fusion systems, as well as the existing nuclear fleet. We believe that many advanced nuclear reactors, including small modular reactors (“SMRs”), will rely on fuels with higher uranium enrichment levels, specifically HALEU, which we intend to produce. QLE also intends to produce high-isotopic purity fuel feedstock, such as Lithium-6, for fusion reactors, and by extension, Lithium-7 for Light Water Reactor control. These fuels may enable greater efficiency, compact reactor footprints, and lengthened operational cycles between refueling. Given the flexible nature of our enrichment technology and integrated value chain approach, QLE also intends to make available LEU+ to the existing fleet of nuclear reactors currently running on LEU, thus enabling existing reactors to lengthen the time between refueling, cut costs and boost power output. As previously announced, our board of directors intends to pursue the separation of our Nuclear Fuels business and Specialist Isotopes and Related Services business into two independent companies. The regulatory landscape and supply chain for nuclear fuel production differs significantly from that of medical isotopes, hence we and QLE have different business models and we believe that both companies would benefit if QLE is independently managed and financed. We plan to effect the separation through a listing of QLE in a transaction that results in QLE existing as a separate public company with shares listed on a U.S. national securities exchange and a portion of QLE’s common equity being distributed to our stockholders as of a to-be-determined future record date. Although no assurance can be given, our goal is to list QLE on such exchange, subject to market conditions, obtaining applicable approvals and consents, and complying with applicable rules and regulations and public market trading and listing requirements. In November 2025, we announced that QLE had confidentially submitted a draft registration statement on Form S-1 to the SEC relating to the proposed initial public offering of QLE’s Class A common stock. While we currently expect that a listing of QLE as a separate public company is the most likely separation transaction, our board of directors remains committed to maximizing shareholder value creation, and will continue to evaluate other options for separation to maximize shareholder value. We entered into a number of agreements with QLE, including a License Agreement, pursuant to which QLE has licensed from us the rights to technologies and methods used to separate U-235 and Lithium-6 (including but not limited to the QE and ASP technologies) in exchange for a perpetual royalty in the amount of 10% of all future QLE revenues, and an Engineering, Procurement 6 and Construction (“EPC”) Services Framework Agreement, pursuant to which we will provide services for the engineering, procurement and construction of one or more turnkey U-235 and Lithium-6 enrichment facilities in locations to be identified by QLE and owned or leased by QLE, and commissioning, start-up and test services for each such facility, subject to the receipt of all applicable regulatory approvals, permits, licenses, authorizations, registrations, certificates, consents, orders, variances and similar rights. PET Labs. We have a 51% ownership stake in PET Labs, a South African radiopharmaceutical operations company focused on the production of fluorinated radioisotopes and active pharmaceutical ingredients, through which we entered the downstream medical isotope production and distribution market. Under the terms of the Share Purchase Agreement pursuant to which we acquired the shares in PET Labs, we agreed to pay a total of $2.0 million for the shares in two installments, which has been paid in full as of December 2025. In addition, we have an option to purchase the remaining 49% of the outstanding equity in PET Labs, exercisable until January 31, 2027, for $2.2 million. East Coast Nuclear Pharmacy. In October 2025, we completed the acquisition of East Coast Nuclear Pharmacy ("ECNP"). The acquisition is intended to supplement the distribution of our pipeline. Pursuant to the terms of the agreement, we acquired 100% of the issued and outstanding membership interests for total purchase consideration of $2.5 million of which $2.0 million was paid up front in cash and the remaining $0.5 million was deferred through the issuance of notes payable that are to be repaid by June 30, 2026. Skyline Builders Group Holding Ltd. In August 2025, QLE completed the acquisition of a controlling interest in Skyline. QLE entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement to purchase all 1,995,000 of Skyline's Class B Ordinary Shares for the aggregate purchase price of $1,000,000. Additionally, QLE entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement to purchase (i) 454,794 Class A Ordinary Shares, (ii) a Prefunded Warrant to purchase 1,600,000 Class A Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $0.0001 per share ("Prefunded Warrants"), (iii) a Class A Ordinary Share Purchase Warrant A to purchase up to 2,054,794 Class A Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $0.60 per share ("A Warrant"), and (iv) a Class A Ordinary Share Purchase Warrant B to purchase 2,054,794 Class A Ordinary Shares at an exercise price of $0.65 per share ("B Warrant" and together with Prefunded Warrant and A Warrant, "Warrants"), for the aggregate purchase price of $1,500,000 ("Skyline Purchase Agreement"). Each Class A Ordinary Share shall entitle the holder thereof to one (1) vote on all matters subject to vote at general meetings of Skyline, and each Class B Ordinary Share shall entitle the holder thereof to twenty (20) votes on all matters subject to vote at general meetings of Skyline. Currently there is no mechanism in which Class A Ordinary Shares are convertible into Class B Ordinary Shares. Currently there is no mechanism in which Class B Ordinary Shares are convertible into Class A Ordinary Shares. On the acquisition date, QLE became the holder of 79.14% of the aggregate voting power represented by all of Skyline's outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares and Class B Ordinary Shares, and thereby gaining control over Skyline. Skyline is a holding company, and its operations are conducted through its wholly owned operating subsidiaries, Kin Chiu Engineering Limited and Kin Chiu Development Company Limited. Operations primarily consist of construction activities which include public civil engineering works, such as road and drainage works, in Hong Kong. Skyline mostly undertakes civil engineering works in the role as a subcontractor but is fully qualified to undertake such works in the capacity of a main contractor. QLE intends to pursue opportunities to acquire assets in the critical materials supply chain. Effective September 18, 2025, Dr. Ryno Pretorius, Chief Executive Officer of QLE, was appointed as an independent director of Skyline. In addition, an employee of ASP Isotopes was appointed as an independent director of Skyline.  Effective January 1, 2026, the Skyline board of directors appointed Paul Mann as Executive Chairman. Effective March 31, 2026, the employee of ASP Isotopes that held one of the director positions at Skyline resigned was replaced by a new independent director. On January 23, 2026, Skyline entered into a warrant exchange agreement (the “Skyline Exchange Agreement”) with the holders of Skyline Class A Ordinary Share Purchase Warrant A’s and Skyline Class A Ordinary Share Purchase Warrant B’s (collectively, the “Skyline Holder Warrants”), to purchase an aggregate of 48,698,628 Skyline Class A Ordinary Shares, that were purchased in the Skyline Series A Private Placement, to exchange the Skyline Holder Warrants issued on August 29, 2025, for an aggregate of 47,326,025 newly issued Series A preferred shares of Skyline (“Skyline Series A Preferred Shares”) and allotted among the holders in accordance with the Skyline Exchange Agreement. Each Skyline Series A Preferred Share is convertible, at the option of a holder thereof, into Skyline Class A Ordinary Shares. On February 11, 2026, Skyline entered into (i) a securities purchase agreement (the “Reg D Purchase Agreement”) for an offering of Skyline’s Series B Convertible Preferred Shares (the “Skyline Series B Preferred Shares”) in a private placement (the “Reg D Private Placement”) pursuant to Regulation D under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended and (ii) a securities purchase agreement (the “Reg S Purchase Agreement”) for an offering of the Skyline Series B Preferred Shares in a private placement pursuant to Regulation S under the Securities Act (the “Reg S Private Placement” and together with the Reg D Private Placement, the “February 2026 Skyline Series B Private Placements”), in each case, for the purchase and sale of the Skyline Series B Preferred Shares. The February 2026 Skyline Series B Private Placements closed on February 13, 2026 at which Skyline issued 6,322 of the Skyline Series B Preferred Shares. The purchase price for each Skyline Series B Preferred Share was $5,000. Each Skyline Series B Preferred Share is convertible into Skyline Class A ordinary shares with a conversion price of $2.40 per share, subject to certain 7 anti-dilution adjustments that are subject to a floor of $1.50 per share and other customary adjustments for share splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations and similar transactions. The gross proceeds of the Skyline Series B Private Placement were approximately $31.6 million, before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses payable by Skyline. In connection with the February 2026 Skyline Series B Private Placements, Skyline also entered into placement agency agreements dated February 10, 2026 that included the payment of a cash fee equal to 8.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds of the February 2026 Skyline Series B Private Placements and the issuance of non-callable warrants exercisable for a number of Skyline's Class A Ordinary Shares equal to 6% of the Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the Skyline Series B Preferred Shares. The warrants have an exercise price of $2.40 per share. On March 20, 2026, Skyline entered into (i) a senior unsecured convertible note purchase agreement for an offering of approximately $16.6 million of Skyline's senior unsecured convertible notes (the “2026 Skyline Notes”) in a private placement and (ii) a securities purchase agreement dated March 20, 2026 for an offering of $0.6 million of Skyline’s Series B Preferred Shares (the “March 2026 Skyline Preferred Shares”) in a private placement (the "March 2026 Skyline Private Placement"). The March 2026 Skyline Private Placement closed on March 25, 2026. The 2026 Skyline Notes are convertible into Skyline's class A ordinary shares, par value $0.00001 per share at a conversion price of $2.40 per share, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments, that are subject to a floor of $1.50 per share. The conversion price of the 2026 Skyline Notes is also subject to other customary adjustments for share splits, recapitalizations, reorganizations and similar transactions The purchase price for each March 2026 Skyline Preferred Share was $5,000. Each March 2026 Skyline Preferred Share is convertible into Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of $2.40 per share, subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments that are subject to a floor of $1.50 per share. The gross proceeds of the March 2026 Skyline Private Placement was approximately $17.2 million, before deducting placement agent fees and other offering expenses that were paid by Skyline. In connection with the March 2026 Skyline Private Placement, Skyline also entered into placement agency agreements dated March 20, 2026 that included the payment of a cash fee equal to 8.0% of the aggregate gross proceeds of the March 2026 Skyline Private Placement and the issuance of non-callable warrants exercisable for a number of Skyline's Class A Ordinary Shares equal to 8% and 6% of the Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the 2026 Skyline Notes and March 2026 Skyline Preferred Shares, respectively. The warrants have an exercise price of $2.40 per share. On March 29, 2026, QLE entered into a securities exchange agreement with an investor (the "QLE Exchange Agreement"). Per the QLE Exchange Agreement, the investor assigned and transferred 1,995,000 Class A Ordinary Shares held by the investor to QLE in exchange for an equal number of Class B Ordinary Shares held by QLE. On March 31, 2026, Skyline issued an additional $3.0 million of 2026 Skyline Notes in a private placement. Renergen Acquisition. On January 6, 2026, ASP Isotopes acquired all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Renergen (“Renergen Ordinary Shares”) from Renergen shareholders in exchange for shares of our common stock at an exchange ratio of 0.09196 shares of our common stock for each Renergen Ordinary Share (the “Consideration Shares”) through the implementation of a scheme of arrangement (the “Scheme”) in accordance with Sections 114 and 115 of the South African Companies Act, No. 71 of 2008, resulting in the issuance of an aggregate of 14,270,000 Consideration Shares. As a result of the transactions contemplated by the Scheme, the ordinary shares of Renergen, which were publicly traded on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange (JSE: REN) and the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX:RLT), were delisted and Renergen became a wholly owned subsidiary of ASP Isotopes. Renergen is South Africa’s leading onshore natural gas explorer and the first integrated producer of both liquid helium and LNG, both of which are produced from the large natural gas reserve base that underpins Renergen’s Virginia Gas Project. The Virginia Gas Project includes (i) the liquefaction of natural gas into LNG, (ii) the separation of helium from natural gas, and (iii) the further liquefaction of helium into 99.999% pure liquid helium. This liquefaction and separation takes place at the natural gas processing plant (the “Virginia Gas Plant”) in the Free State Province of South Africa. Based on the drilled and flow-tested wells, Renergen’s average helium concentration exceeds 3.0%, which is well above typical conventional natural gas reservoirs containing helium in small concentrations (less than 0.5%). In South Africa, petroleum production rights are issued by the South African Department of Mineral Resources and Energy (the “DMRE”) and serve as the mechanism through which all entities, mostly private, are granted the right to extract and sell hydrocarbons and associated coproducts. The Petroleum Agency of South Africa is responsible for (i) promoting onshore and offshore exploration and production of petroleum; (ii) receiving and evaluating applications for reconnaissance permits, technical cooperation permits, exploration rights and production rights; and (iii) making recommendations on such applications to the Minister of Mineral Resources and Energy. South African production rights are valid for 30 years and are renewable for further periods, each of which must not exceed 30 years at a time in respect of each renewal, provided that the holder can justify that it can continue production operations. Production rights may be encumbered by mortgages for the purposes of raising debt financing. Renergen’s principal asset is its 94.5% equity ownership in Tetra4, which holds South Africa’s first and only onshore petroleum production right (the “Production Right”) and is the entity developing the Virginia Gas Project. Our Production Right is currently valid through September 20, 2042 and renewable for an additional 30-year period thereafter. The Virginia Gas Project 8 spans an area of over 187,000 hectares (over 462,000 acres) in the Free State Province approximately 250 kilometers (155 miles) southwest of Johannesburg, where natural gas-emitting boreholes were discovered through other mineral exploration activities. We have confirmed our Production Right as a major global helium resource with an average helium concentration of over 3% based on drilled and flow-tested wells. Additionally, the purity of our natural gas is high, with an average of over 90% natural gas and almost zero percent higher alkanes or sulphur, reducing the complexity and cost of liquefaction. The remaining approximately 7% of our production is nitrogen, which is utilized to separate the helium from the natural gas stream in Phase 1 of the Virginia Gas Project (“Phase 1”) production process. We receive an economic advantage from this coproduced nitrogen source, as it would otherwise have to be sourced externally to separate the helium from the natural gas stream. In addition to our Production Right, the South African government also granted us petroleum exploration rights (“Exploration Rights”).  Exploration Rights allow the holder to carry out the entire value chain of petroleum exploration such as acquisition and processing of new geological/geophysical data, reprocessing of existing geological/geophysical data and any other related activity to define a trap to be tested by drilling, logging and testing, including well appraisal activities. The Exploration Rights correspond to our operations in the Free State Province and are expected to contain significant helium and natural gas resources exceeding the scope of the Virginia Gas Project. Our Exploration Rights were set to expire on August 23, 2024. However, we submitted an application to incorporate the Exploration Rights into our Production Right, by means of an amendment to the Production Right in accordance with Section 102 of the South African Mineral and Petroleum Resources Development Act 28 of 2002 (“MPRDA”), which we expect will extend our ability to carry out petroleum exploration activities through the expiration date of our Production Right. Our application was submitted on July 16, 2024 and the application was authorized on May 9, 2025. Following the authorization, two appeals were made by various parties and the appeal process is ongoing. We expect the appeal process to be resolved in 2027. Phase 1 has commenced commercial LNG operations.  Phase 1 drilling of wells to reach the required cumulative nameplate flow rate is now complete. The gas gathering and tie in connections for these wells  is ongoing.  Once the tie in connections are complete the facility is expected to operate at maximum production capacity and include liquid helium operations. Phase 1 serves as both proof of concept for the larger development that will be Phase 2 of the Virginia Gas Project (“Phase 2”), and sales and revenue generation to establish a foundational customer base and foster customer relationships. The Virginia Gas Project benefits from favorable supply and demand trends in both the LNG and liquid helium sectors.  The LNG is and will continue to be sold domestically in South Africa into a market suffering energy and natural gas shortages, and we plan to sell helium directly to global customers at a time when the world is suffering helium supply shortages, which have been further exacerbated by the ongoing United States-Israel-Iran war. We believe that it was for these two reasons that the Virginia Gas Project was conditionally approved to be funded by the U.S. International Development Finance Corporation (“DFC”) as part of the U.S.’s initiative to ensure new helium supply comes online as aerospace and the semiconductor industry increase helium requirements in the face of diminished supply, while increasing South Africa’s domestic energy supply. Helium is a vital and irreplaceable element in many modern industries because it is both chemically and electrically inert and, when in liquid form, is the coldest substance known to man at 3 degrees Kelvin (minus 454.3 degrees Fahrenheit). For these reasons, it can be used in the manufacture of semiconductors, to purge laboratory or manufacturing environments, act as a fuel propellant for other cryogenic fuels, and/or provide deep cryogenic cooling. It is commonly used in space exploration and rocketry, high-level physics experiments (e.g., particle accelerators, quantum mechanics), medical science within MRI devices, fiber optic cable production, commercial diving gas, specialized welding, coolant for nuclear power stations and lifting balloons. We believe that Renergen’s LNG supply can play an important role in reducing South Africa's relatively high carbon emissions by being the first, and currently the only, LNG supplier in the country. According to Energy Institute (2024), coal has a 69% share of national primary energy consumption, with gas only around 3.5%.  As such, according to the World Bank, South Africa ranks as the fifth-worst carbon emissions country per kilogram per purchasing power parity of gross domestic product (“GDP”).  This ranking is largely due to South Africa’s high reliance on low-grade coal to provide electricity, supplemented by Sasol’s use of coal to liquids technology. Sasol Limited is one of the country’s largest energy suppliers and operator of the natural gas pipeline supplying gas from Mozambique into Johannesburg. LNG is a significantly lower carbon-emitting fuel than either of coal (by 50%) and diesel (25%), upon combustion. Therefore, the introduction of Renergen’s LNG into South Africa’s energy supply mix, including the possible direct substitution of Renergen’s LNG for first diesel, and then potentially coal, may help reduce South Africa’s overall carbon emissions intensity as the country moves towards its net zero carbon emissions targets by 2050. Investments in Early Stage Drug Development Companies IsoBio .  On July 28, 2025, we purchased 2,000,000 shares of IsoBio, Inc. (“IsoBio”) Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock at $2.50 per share for a total aggregate purchase price of $5.0 million. IsoBio is a U.S.-based radiotherapeutic development company focused on developing a broad pipeline of mAb-based radioisotope therapeutics targeting both derisked and novel tumor antigens for patients in need of new cancer therapies. As the owner of the Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock, we have the right to designate one board member. An officer and director of ours was designated to fill that board seat. In addition, another board member of ours is a board member and executive officer of IsoBio. 9 Opeongo .  On January 26, 2026, we purchased 4,356,918 shares of Opeongo, Inc. (“Opeongo”) Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock at $2.2952 per share for a total aggregate purchase price of $10.0 million. Opeongo is a biotechnology company developing novel therapeutics using extracellular matrix modulation to target fibrosis, inflammation, and cancer. Opeongo was co-founded by David Baram, Ph.D. who serves as Opeongo’s Chief Executive Officer and director. As the owner of the Series Seed-1 Preferred Stock, we have the right to designate one board member. An officer and director of ours was designated to fill that board seat. In addition, another board member of ours is a board member and executive officer of Opeongo. Skyline Investments Skyline Reemag Investment. In November 2025, Skyline acquired a 13.09% ownership of Reemag LLC ("Reemag") for a cash purchase price of $3.0 million. Skyline will subscribe for additional membership interests of Reemag in tranches, resulting in ownership percentages of 13.09%, 20.06%, 33.42% and 50.10% at the initial, second, third and fourth closing respectively for an aggregate purchase price of $20.0 million. The second, third and fourth closings were scheduled on or before January 31, 2026, March 31, 2026 and by the earlier of a $200.0 million capital raise or July 31, 2026, respectively. However, in March 2026, Skyline entered into the first amendment to the subscription agreement with Reemag that amended the dates of the second, third and fourth closings to May 31, 2026, July 31, 2026 and September 30, 2026, respectively. Skyline Critical Minerals Space Investment. On October 31, 2025, Skyline entered into a subscription and unit purchase agreement with a limited liability company engaged in the critical minerals space, pursuant to which Skyline subscribed for an approximate 20% membership interest in such company for a subscription price of $20.0 million. Agreements with TerraPower LLC On April 4, 2024, we entered into an agreement with TerraPower to develop a conceptual design, refined cost/schedule/financing, risk register, and term sheet for a HALEU facility (the “TerraPower Agreement”). The TerraPower Agreement may be terminated for (a) breach or default, (b) our convenience or (c) TerraPower’s convenience. TerraPower is obligated to make all payments for milestones completed by us and these payments are nonrefundable. On October 18, 2024, we signed a term sheet with TerraPower (the “TerraPower Term Sheet”) that provides for the execution of two definitive agreements: (1) an agreement pursuant to which TerraPower will provide funding for our construction of a uranium enrichment facility capable of producing HALEU using our proprietary aerodynamic separation process technology to be located in the Republic of South Africa and (2) an agreement pursuant to which we will deliver to TerraPower the full capacity of the enrichment facility. In May 2025, we entered into a Loan Agreement with TerraPower (the “TerraPower Loan Agreement”), which provides conditional commitments from TerraPower to us through one of our wholly-owned U.S.-based subsidiaries for a multiple advance term loan totaling $22.0 million for the purpose of partially funding the construction of a proposed new uranium enrichment facility in South Africa. The total loan amount is inclusive of a 10% original issue discount on each disbursement and carries a fixed interest rate of 10% per annum. Per the terms of the TerraPower Loan Agreement and subject to the satisfaction of various conditions precedent to disbursements (including receiving all required licenses and permits to perform uranium enrichment in South Africa), we will receive aggregate loan disbursements of $20.0 million. Such loan matures on May 16, 2032. Interest will begin accruing upon each milestone disbursement we receive and will be added to the principal balance until November 2027. Principal and interest payments will be made in 60 equal installments beginning in November 2027.  We plan to request drawdowns on this loan beginning in the third quarter of 2026. In addition to the TerraPower Loan Agreement, in May 2025, we and TerraPower have entered into two supply agreements for the HALEU expected to be produced at our uranium enrichment facility. The initial core supply agreement is intended to support the supply of the required first fuel cores for the initial loading of TerraPower’s Natrium project in Wyoming.  The long-term supply agreement is a 10-year supply agreement of up to a total of 150 metric tons of HALEU, commencing in 2028 through end of 2037. Our Segments Beginning in 2024, primarily as a result of the increased business activities of our subsidiary, QLE, we had two operating segments: (i) nuclear fuels, and (ii) specialist isotopes and related services. Beginning in August 2025, primarily as a result of the acquisition of Skyline, we have three operating segments: (i) nuclear fuels, (ii) specialist isotopes and related services, and (iii) construction services: • Nuclear Fuels. This segment is focused on research and development of technologies and methods used to produce HALEU and Lithium-6 for the advanced nuclear fuels target end market. • Specialist Isotopes and Related Services. This segment is focused on research and development of technologies and methods used to separate high-value, low-volume isotopes (such as C-14, Si-28 and Yb-176) for highly specialized target end markets other than advanced nuclear fuels, including pharmaceuticals and agrochemicals, nuclear medical imaging and semiconductors, as well as services related to these isotopes, and this segment includes PET Labs. 10 • Construction Services. This segment is focused on public civil engineering services in Hong Kong, such as road and drainage works which includes construction of footway, drain, ducts, and pipelines. In executing these projects, we may be required to perform a range of activities including to (i) clear the construction site and make demolition of existing structures; (ii) install concrete and reinforcing steel bars; (iii) conduct excavation, deposition, disposal and compaction of fill material; and (iv) plant trees, plants, irrigation system and general establishment works. Our Strategy Commence commercial production at each of our enrichment facilities in Pretoria, South Africa. We commenced commercial production of enriched isotopes at our ASP enrichment facilities located in Pretoria, South Africa during the first quarter of 2025. Our first ASP enrichment facility is designed to enrich light isotopes, such as C-14. The second ASP enrichment facility, which is substantially larger than the first, should have the potential to enrich kilogram quantities of relatively heavier isotopes, including but not limited to Si-28 and Mo-100. We are targeting initial commercial shipments of enriched C-14 in mid-2026 and initial commercial shipments of enriched Si-28 during  the second quarter of 2026. We have also completed the commissioning phase and are producing commercial samples of highly enriched Yb-176 at our third enrichment facility, a QE technology facility, which will be our first laser-based enrichment plant. We are targeting initial commercial shipments of Yb-176 in mid-2026 or the third quarter of 2026. Demonstrate the capability to produce commercial quantities of enriched C-14, Si-28 and Yb-176 using the ASP and QE technologies and capitalize on the opportunity to solve many supply chain challenges that currently exist. We intend to demonstrate the capability to produce C-14, Si-28 and Yb-176 at a scale that can support anticipated customer demand for all three isotopes. Historically, Russia has been the sole supplier of C-14, which is used as a tracer in the development of new pharmaceuticals and agrochemicals. The supply chain has been inherently fragile with inconsistent service. We have received an initial supply of feedstock from our customer and have started the enrichment of C-14. Isotopically enriched silicon is regarded as a promising material for semiconductor quantum information due to its very long coherence times and its compatibility with the readily available industrial platform. We believe that the ASP technology is ideally suited to the production of this isotope because it has the ability to enrich molecules of low molecular mass. Other electronic gasses that can likely be enriched using ASP technology include disilane and germane. Enriched Yb-176 can be irradiated to produce Lutetium-177, which has been identified for use in oncology, particularly in targeted radionuclide therapy ("TRT"). TRT is used in the treatment of various types of cancers, including neuroendocrine tumors, prostate cancer, and bone metastases, among others. There are numerous ongoing clinical trials studying Lutetium-177 PSMA-617 in patients with metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer. We believe we have obtained all necessary licenses within South Africa to proceed with the commercial development of this product. Continue identifying potential offtake customers and strategic partners for our enriched isotopes. We currently have no sales attributable to enriched isotopes, but we have significant interest from potential offtake customers for the enriched isotopes that we intend to produce. In June 2023, we entered into a tolling agreement with a Canadian customer for the entire capacity of our C-14 production facility. In April and June 2024, we entered into purchase orders with a US semiconductor company and a global industrial gas company for the supply of highly enriched Si-28. We are currently in discussions with potential customers that have an interest in entering into long-term supply agreements for kilogram quantities of Si-28 and larger quantities of Xe-129, Ge 72, Ge-74, Zn-68, and Cl-37. We intend to identify additional potential customers and strategic partners for isotopes that we may produce at our existing and planned enrichment facilities. Demonstrate the capability to produce HALEU using our enrichment technologies and meet anticipated demand for the new generation of HALEU-fueled small modular reactors and advanced reactor designs that are now under development for commercial and government uses. We plan to begin research and development for the enrichment of uranium to demonstrate our capability to produce HALEU using QE technology. We anticipate a future demand for HALEU for the new generation of HALEU-fueled SMRs and advanced reactor designs that are now under development for commercial and government uses. SMRs are viewed as being cheaper, safer, and more versatile than traditional large-scale nuclear reactors, and development of the new technology is receiving considerable funding from the U.S. Department of Energy, as well as from the governments of other countries. There is currently no commercial production of HALEU in the United States. We are currently conducting a feasibility study with respect to constructing an enrichment facility in South Africa, the U.S. and the United Kingdom. We are currently in discussions with nuclear regulatory 11 authorities in multiple countries, including the UK Atomic Energy Authority, UK Office of Nuclear Regulation (UK ONR), Necsa, the DMRE, United States Department of Energy (DOE) and the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC), regarding the construction of a nuclear fuel plant in these countries. In the period since our inception to date, we have not applied our enrichment technologies to the enrichment of U-235, nor received permission or regulatory approval to conduct testing of our enrichment technologies on U-235, except for the activities contemplated by the Services Contract with Necsa (described in the next paragraph).  Our expectation that QLE’s initiative to apply our enrichment technologies to the enrichment of U-235 could be successful is based upon research conducted by certain of our scientists prior to joining the company, as well as the demonstrated effectiveness of QE technology on Yb-176. We intend to progress our uranium enrichment initiative first in South Africa. In November 2024, we entered into a Memorandum of Understanding ("MOU") with Necsa to collaborate on the research, development and ultimately the commercial production of advanced nuclear fuels. Necsa is a state-owned company established by the Republic of South Africa Nuclear Energy Act in 1999 with a mandate to undertake and promote research and development in the field of nuclear energy and radiation sciences. Necsa is also responsible for processing source material, and co-operating with other institutions on nuclear and related matters. In February 2026, QLE South Africa and Necsa entered into a Services Contract as part of the collaboration contemplated by the MOU.  Under the Services Contract, Necsa has agreed to provide to QLE South Africa certain facilities, infrastructure, utilities and services related to the siting, design, construction, commission and operation of an enrichment facility on the Necsa site in Pelindaba.  A Joint Coordination Committee, to be comprised of two representatives of QLE South Africa and Necsa, has been established to oversee and govern the implementation of the Services Contract. In March 2026, QLE UK entered into an agreement with the University of Bristol related to the design of a state-of-the-art lithium laser research facility in the UK.  Under the terms of the agreement, the University of Bristol is expected to lead the design and feasibility study for a site-agnostic laser enrichment research facility over an estimated four-month initial phase. The project involves comprehensive desk-based concept design work, detailed engineering specifications, and safety reviews to establish the foundation for what could become a groundbreaking research hub. The University of Bristol is expected to coordinate a comprehensive team of specialists, including experts in mechanical, electrical, and plumbing specification, structural engineering, architecture, construction project management, pyrophoric lithium handling, and laser safety. The project is expected to progress through multiple phases, including documentation review, safety assessments, cell design development, and detailed facility design work culminating in RIBA Stage 4 (Technical Design) completion. Subject to a positive feasibility assessment, the parties intend to proceed with construction of the facility at a suitable University of Bristol site off-campus where it will be planned to enable cutting-edge research commissioned and funded by QLE.  QLE’s UK program of work has been developed in consultation with key UK government and regulatory bodies, including the UK Department for Energy Security and Net Zero, the UK Atomic Energy Authority, the UK ONR, and the UK Environment Agency. Alongside our talks with regulators, we have entered into agreements or are currently discussing with multiple counterparties engaged in the development of SMR reactors to produce HALEU to further their research efforts and future commercial endeavors. For example, in May 2025, we entered into the TerraPower Loan Agreement, which provides conditional commitments from TerraPower to us through one of our wholly-owned U.S.-based subsidiaries for a multiple advance term loan totaling $22,000,000 for the purpose of partially funding the construction of a proposed new uranium enrichment facility in South Africa. Per the terms of the TerraPower Loan Agreement and subject to the satisfaction of various conditions precedent to disbursements (including receiving all required licenses and permits to perform uranium enrichment in South Africa), we will receive aggregate loan disbursements of $20,000,000. We plan to request an initial drawdown on this loan during 2026 when construction of the uranium enrichment facility is expected to begin. In addition to the TerraPower Loan Agreement, in May 2025, we and TerraPower entered into two supply agreements for the HALEU expected to be produced at our uranium enrichment facility in South Africa. The initial core supply agreement is intended to support the supply of the required first fuel cores for the initial loading of TerraPower’s Natrium project in Wyoming. The long-term supply agreement is a 10-year supply agreement of up to a total of 150 metric tons of HALEU, commencing in 2028 through end of 2037. Demonstrate the effectiveness and value in the use of stable isotopes in the downstream radiopharmacy market, after acquiring 51% ownership interest in PET Labs, the leading radiopharmacy in South Africa. This investment will address the radioisotope needs of South Africa as well as certain neighboring countries. Under the terms of a Share Purchase Agreement, dated October 30, 2023, we acquired 51% of the issued share capital of PET Labs, a company incorporated in the Republic of South Africa. PET Labs is a South African radiopharmaceutical operations company, dedicated to nuclear medicine and the science of radiopharmaceutical production. As a result of this transaction, we entered into the downstream radiopharmacy market that we intend to service in the future. This transaction will help provide the market with adequate proof of concept of the value of utilizing Mo-100 in downstream SPECT imaging procedures while providing supply chain stability to the region of South Africa and neighboring countries. We intend to expand PET Labs’ existing operations by adding two new cyclotrons to its service footprint, enabling the company to properly expand its other revenue generation mediums, which is anticipated to drive free cash flow to the company. 12 Develop world class helium reserves at Virginia Gas Project. The Virginia Gas Project contains high purity natural gas and is one of the richest concentrations of helium globally. Some wells contain up to 12% helium concentration in recorded tests, and based on the drilled and tested flow rates, our average helium concentration exceeds 3%, which compares with the average concentrations of Qatar at 0.05%, Russia at 0.06% and the USA at 0.35%.  The LNG is and will continue to be sold domestically in South Africa into a market suffering energy and natural gas shortages, and we plan to sell the helium directly to global customers at a time when the world is suffering helium supply shortages, which have been further exacerbated by the ongoing United States-Israel-Iran war. Capitalize on the Acquisition of a Controlling Interest in Skyline Builders Group Holding Limited. On August 29, 2025, QLE became a controlling shareholder of Skyline Builders Group Holding Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands (“SKBL”) with its Class A Ordinary Shares listed on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) under the symbol “SKBL.” QLE invested in SKBL’s Class A Ordinary Shares, Class B Ordinary Shares and warrants to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares for the aggregate purchase price of $2.5 million.  Each warrant is immediately exercisable and entitles the holder to acquire Class A Ordinary Shares for a period of five years following August 29, 2025. QLE, as a holder of warrants, does not have the right to exercise any portion of any warrant, to the extent that QLE (together with the holder’s affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 9.99% of the number of Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise of the applicable warrant. As of the date of this annual report on Form 10-K, QLE is the holder of 4.74% of the aggregate voting power represented by all outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares and Class B Ordinary Shares of SKBL. In addition, on August 29, 2025, Paul Mann, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Managers of QLE, purchased, for the aggregate purchase price of $2.5 million, as an individual investor: Class A Ordinary Shares and certain warrants to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares of SKBL on the same terms as QLE’s investment in Class A Ordinary Shares and warrants, provided that Mr. Mann, as a holder of warrants, does not have the right to exercise any portion of any warrant, to the extent that such holder (together with the holder’s affiliates) would beneficially own in excess of 4.99% of the number of Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding immediately after giving effect to the exercise of the applicable warrant. Competition Radioisotopes and Chemical Elements Competition The development and commercialization of radioisotopes and chemical elements is highly competitive. We face competition with respect to all the enriched isotopes that we may produce using our ASP technology from established biotechnology and nuclear medicine technology companies and will face competition with respect to enriched uranium that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future from innovative technology and energy companies. There are a number of large biotechnology and nuclear medicine technology companies that currently market and sell radioisotopes to radiopharmacies, hospitals, clinics and others in the medical community (Mo-99 is the active ingredient for Tc-99m-based radiopharmaceuticals used in nuclear medicine procedures). There are also a number of technology and energy companies that are currently seeking to develop HALEU. Potential competitors also include academic institutions, government agencies and other public and private research organizations that conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for research, development, manufacturing and commercialization. We believe our competitors lag behind us in terms of the technical expertise of our senior management and the know-how contained in the aerodynamic separation technique, and will be unable to replicate the expected results of the ASP technology, even as we expect to continue to improve the existing technology and processes. Additionally, the high capital costs of development of proprietary technologies, significant lead times required to construct new enrichment facilities, as well as stringent regulatory and operating requirements applicable to enrichment facilities, adds to the significant barriers to entry for smaller competing market participants. LNG and Helium Competition The South African gas market has historically been stagnant and almost entirely dependent on local production of liquefied petroleum gas (“LPG”) and natural gas imported from Mozambique. There are frequent constraints in LPG supply in South Africa. Natural gas imported from Mozambique comes via the Republic of Mozambique Pipeline Company pipeline to Johannesburg and is supplied mainly to users close to the pipeline at low pressures. In addition to LPG, South Africa relies primarily on coal for electricity generation. Currently, only approximately 3% of South Africa’s energy mix comes from natural gas. The current source of natural gas and coal supply is unable to fully supply existing energy demand. As the holder of South Africa’s first and only onshore petroleum Production Right, we believe our biggest competition for our LNG includes producers and distributors of LPG, including the Republic of Mozambique Pipeline Company, and producers of other fuel sources such as compressed natural gas and coal. Additionally, although South Africa has historically not imported LNG from outside of the continent, South Africa received its first import of LNG in November 2021 in the port of Ngqura. In the future, we may face geographic competition if other companies are granted Exploration Rights or Production Rights in South Africa and begin producing LNG, or if such companies 13 import LNG from external sources outside of the continent due to grants of rights to import LNG into South Africa. However, we believe that our position as the sole LNG provider in South Africa allows us a competitive advantage in the local LNG market, particularly as customers transition to LNG as a liquid fuel substitution of choice. Helium is sold as a globally traded commodity, which is currently in tight supply and disruptions in the helium market can easily create shortages. Helium has traditionally been traded on long-term private contracts, keeping prices opaque and reducing incentives for helium exploration. The entire global helium supply is produced by approximately 30 liquefaction plants, located in the United States, Poland, Russia, Algeria, Qatar and China, among other locations. A smaller number of players control the distribution of helium, which is often subject to privately negotiated contracts. Location is often a primary competitive factor as the difficulties associated with transporting helium limit the distance it can be transported. We believe we compare favorably with many of our helium competitors due our geographic location near the Cape of Good Hope, which we believe will allow us to provide helium to parts of the world that other competitors, such as companies located in Qatar, cannot. Additionally, helium becomes more economically viable to extract from natural gas at higher concentrations. We believe we compare favorably with many of our competitors due to the high concentration of helium in the Virginia Gas Project relative to our competitors. Competitive conditions may be substantially affected by various forms of energy legislation and/or regulation considered from time to time by the South African government. Our larger or more integrated competitors may be able to absorb the burden of existing, and any changes to, international, federal, state and local laws and regulations more easily than we can, which would adversely affect our competitive position. Additionally, other countries may not impose similar laws or regulations on the production of helium. It is not possible to predict the nature of any such legislation or regulation that may ultimately be adopted or its effects upon our future operations. Such laws and regulations may substantially increase the costs of exploring for, developing or producing natural gas and helium, and may prevent or delay the commencement or continuation of a given operation. The effect of these risks cannot be accurately predicted. Technical Background What are Isotopes? Isotopes are two or more types of atoms that have the same atomic number (number of protons in their nuclei) and position in the periodic table (and hence belong to the same chemical element), and that differ in nucleon numbers (mass numbers) due to different numbers of neutrons in their nuclei. While all isotopes of a given element have almost the same chemical properties, they have different atomic masses and physical properties. The number of protons within the atom’s nucleus is called atomic number and is equal to the number of electrons in the neutral (non-ionized) atom. Each atomic number identifies a specific element, but not the isotope; an atom of a given element may have a wide range in its number of neutrons. The number of nucleons (both protons and neutrons) in the nucleus is the atom’s mass number, and each isotope of a given element has a different mass number. For example, Carbon-12, Carbon-13, and Carbon-14 are three isotopes of the element carbon with mass numbers 12, 13, and 14, respectively. The atomic number of carbon is 6, which means that every carbon atom has 6 protons so that the neutron numbers of these isotopes are 6, 7, and 8 respectively. There are 23 isotopes of silicon, all of which have 14 protons and between 8 and 30 neutrons. The table below shows a selection of those isotopes. Three isotopes are stable which have mass numbers of 28, 29 and 30 which have 14, 15 and 16 neutrons respectively. The other 20 isotopes are radioactive and decay with short half-lives and are therefore do not typically exist in naturally occurring silicon. In naturally occurring silicon, the isotope with atomic mass of 28 is usually the most abundant, typically accounting for approximately 92.22% of the material. The isotope with atomic mass of 29 typically accounts for 4.69% of the material and the isotope with atomic mass of 30 typically accounts for 3.09% of the material. Molybdenum has 33 known isotopes, ranging in atomic mass from 83 to 115, as well as four metastable nuclear isomers. Seven isotopes occur naturally, with atomic masses of 92, 94, 95, 96, 97, 98, and 100. All unstable isotopes of molybdenum decay into isotopes of zirconium, niobium, technetium, and ruthenium. Uranium is a naturally occurring radioactive element that has no stable isotope. It has two primordial isotopes, uranium-238 (“U-238”) and U-235, which have long half-lives and are found in appreciable quantity in the Earth’s crust. The decay product, uranium-234 is also found. Other isotopes such as uranium-233 have been produced in breeder reactors. In addition to isotopes found in nature or nuclear reactors, many isotopes with far shorter half-lives have been produced, ranging from U-214 to U-242 (with the exception of U-220 and U-241). The standard atomic weight of natural uranium is 238.02891 with 99.27% of naturally occurring uranium being the isotope with an atomic mass of 238. 14 Selected isotopes of Silicon Selected isotopes of Molybdenum Selected isotopes of Uranium Nuclide Protons Neutrons Isotopic Mass Half Life Natural abundance Nuclide Protons Neutrons Isotopic Mass Half Life Natural abundance Nuclide Protons Neutrons Isotopic Mass Half Life Natural abundance 22 14 8 22.036 29 ms 91 42 49 90.912 15.49 min 225 92 133 225.029 62 ms 23 14 9 23.025 42.3 ms 92 42 50 91.907 Stable 14.65% 226 92 134 226.029 269 ms 24 14 10 24.012 140 ms 93 42 51 92.907 4000 y 227 92 135 227.031 1.1 m 25 14 11 25.004 220 ms 94 42 52 93.905 Stable 9.19% 228 92 136 228.031 9.1 m 26 14 12 25.992 2.245 s 95 42 53 94.906 Stable 15.87% 229 92 137 229.034 57.8 m 27 14 13 26.987 4.15 s 96 42 54 95.905 Stable 16.67% 230 92 138 230.034 20.23 d 28 14 14 27.977 Stable 92.22% 97 42 55 96.906 Stable 9.58% 231 92 139 231.036 4.2 d 29 14 15 28.977 Stable 4.69% 98 42 56 97.905 Stable 24.29% 232 92 140 232.037 68.9 y 30 14 16 29.974 Stable 3.09% 99 42 57 98.908 2.75 d 233 92 141 233.04 1.592 e5 y Trace 31 14 17 30.975 157.36 min 100 42 58 99.907 Stable 9.74% 234 92 142 234.041 2.455 e5 y Trace 32 14 18 31.974 153 y trace 101 42 59 100.910 14.61 m 235 92 143 235.044 7.038 e8 y 0.72% 33 14 19 32.978 6.18 s 102 42 60 101.910 11.3 m 236 92 144 236.046 2.342 e7 y Trace 34 14 20 33.979 2.77 s 103 42 61 102.913 67.5 s 237 92 145 237.049 6.752 d Trace 35 14 21 34.985 780 ms 104 42 62 103.914 60 s 238 92 146 238.051 4.468 e9 y 99.27% 36 14 22 35.987 450 ms 105 42 63 104.917 35.6 s 239 92 147 239.054 23.45 m 37 14 23 36.993 90 ms 106 42 64 105.918 8.73 s 240 92 148 240.057 14.1 h Trace 38 14 24 37.996 90 ms 107 42 65 106.922 3.5 s 242 92 150 242.063 16.8 m Methods of Separation and Enrichment of Isotopes Isotope enrichment is the process of concentrating specific isotopes of a chemical element by removing other isotopes. During the last century, a number of different methods have been developed to separate and enrich isotopes. The current separation or enrichment processes are based either on the atomic weight of the isotope, small differences in chemical reaction rates produced by different atomic weights or are based on properties not directly connected to atomic weight such as nuclear resonances. Diffusion Often performed on gases, but also on liquids, the diffusion method relies on the fact that in thermal equilibrium, two isotopes with the same energy will have different average velocities. The lighter atoms (or the molecules containing them) will travel more quickly and be more likely to diffuse through a membrane. The difference in speeds is proportional to the square root of the mass ratio, so the amount of separation is small, and many cascaded stages are needed to obtain high purity. This method is expensive due to the work needed to push gas through a membrane and the many stages necessary. Centrifugal Centrifugal methods rapidly rotate the material allowing the heavier isotopes to go closer to an outer radial wall. This too is often done in gaseous form using a Zippe-type centrifuge. A Zippe-type centrifuge relies on the force resulting from centripetal acceleration to separate molecules according to their mass, and can be applied to most fluids. The dense (heavier) molecules move towards the wall and the lighter ones remain close to the center. The centrifuge consists of a rigid body rotor rotating at high speed. Concentric gas tubes located on the axis of the rotor are used to introduce feed gas into the rotor and extract the heavier and lighter separated streams. For U-235 production, the heavier stream is the waste stream and the lighter stream is the product stream. Modern Zippe-type centrifuges are tall cylinders spinning on a vertical axis, with a vertical temperature gradient applied to create a convective circulation rising in the center and descending at the periphery of the centrifuge. Diffusion between these opposing flows increases the separation by the principle of countercurrent multiplication. In practice, since there are limits to how tall a single centrifuge can be made, several such centrifuges are connected in series. Each centrifuge receives one input and produces two output lines, corresponding to light and heavy fractions. The input of each centrifuge is the output (light) of the previous centrifuge and the input of the following stage. This produces an almost pure light fraction from the output (light) of the last centrifuge and an almost pure heavy fraction from the output (heavy) of the first centrifuge. Electromagnetic Electromagnetic separation is mass spectrometry on a large scale, so it is sometimes referred to as mass spectrometry. It uses the fact that charged particles are deflected in a magnetic field and the amount of deflection depends upon the particle’s mass. It is very expensive for the quantity produced, as it has an extremely low throughput, but it can allow very high purities to be achieved. This method is often used for processing small amounts of pure isotopes for research or specific use (such as isotopic tracers), but is impractical for industrial use. Laser In this method, a laser is tuned to a wavelength which excites only one isotope of the material and ionizes those atoms preferentially. The resonant absorption of light for an isotope is dependent upon its mass and certain hyperfine interactions between electrons and the nucleus, allowing finely tuned lasers to interact with only one isotope. After the atom is ionized it can be removed 15 from the sample by applying an electric field. This method is often abbreviated as AVLIS (atomic vapor laser isotope separation). This method has only recently been developed as laser technology has improved, and is currently not used extensively. Chemical Methods Although isotopes of a single element are normally described as having the same chemical properties, this is not strictly true. In particular, reaction rates are very slightly affected by atomic mass. Techniques using this are most effective for light atoms such as hydrogen. Lighter isotopes tend to react or evaporate more quickly than heavy isotopes, allowing them to be separated. This is how heavy water is produced commercially. Gravity Isotopes of carbon, oxygen, and nitrogen can be purified by chilling these gases or compounds nearly to their liquefaction temperature in very tall (200 to 700 feet (61 to 213 m)) columns. The heavier isotopes sink and the lighter isotopes rise, where they are easily collected. The ASP Technology ASP technology is proprietary technology originally licensed from Klydon which succeeds earlier work, first detailed in the scientific media in the mid-1970s, relating to an industrial scale enrichment plant for uranium that was constructed utilizing the so-called “stationary-wall centrifuge.” The original technology was highly energy consuming and was not able to compete on an economic basis with other methods of isotope separation. The innovative development of the ASP technology over the past two decades has culminated in a more advanced separation device that we believe can compete on a commercial scale with other methods of isotope separation. The ASP separation device separates both gas species and isotopes in a volatile state via an approximate flow pattern as shown below. The ASP enrichment process uses an aerodynamic technique similar to a stationary wall centrifuge. The isotope material in raw gas form enters the stationary tube at high speed by tangential injection through finely placed and sized openings in the surface of the tube. The gas then follows a flow pattern that results in two gas vortexes occurring around the geometrical axis of the separator. The isotope material becomes separated in the radial dimension as a result of the spin speed of the isotope material reaching several hundred meters per second. An axial mass flow component in each tube feeds isotope material to the respective ends of the separator where the collection of the portions of isotope material is accomplished. The advantages of ASP technology are as follows: • No moving parts, with low capital and operating costs in comparison to alternatives. • Compact in size and weight. • Easily scaled to industrial level with number of separation devices added in parallel. • The separation process occurs inside a closed cylindrical container and is a volume technology, i.e., the process efficiency is not affected by poisoning of surface contaminates as is the case for surface separation processes. • ASP operates very efficiently at molecular masses below 100 atomic mass units, unlike other separation processes which are more efficient at higher masses, which ASP can achieve equally well or to a superior degree. • ASP easily separates hydrogen gas from other gas components, e.g., harvesting hydrogen gas from carbon monoxide and carbon dioxide and altering the ratio of syngas mixture. • With the right material choice ASP can handle even the most corrosive gases. 16 • ASP can separate any isotopes that have a gaseous or volatile chemical compound. • Most of the subsystems are procured from off-the-shelf components. • An ASP plant can be constructed in any country that adheres to the International Atomic Energy Agency (“IAEA”) protocols for the protection of dual use technology. ASP Plant Configuration The figure below shows a schematic of an ASP cascade in operation. The cascade consists of several enrichment stages, connected in a 1-up-1-down cascade configuration. The stages can be grouped into segments. (This method of organizing stages is not reflected in the figure) The bold blue arrows represent flows of the element into and out of the cascade: • H is the product, enriched in the isotope. • L is the tails, stripped of the isotope. • F = FX + FY is the feed stream at natural isotopic composition. • FX is the feed into the product stream of an adjoining stage. • FY is the feed into the tails stream of an adjoining stage. Each stage in the cascade is operated in one of two configurations: (1) A net backward flow of the isotope: Xi > Yi. These stages are referred to as “product,” situated in the so-called “product cascade section,” and their flows are marked with an “H” subscript. (2) A net forward flow of isotope: Xi < Yi. These stages are referred to as “tails,” situated in the so-called “tails cascade section,” and their flows are marked with an “L” subscript. The red arrows represent the addition or extraction of carrier gas from the process. The arrows have been added for clarity and orientation, but the mass flows of the carrier gas will be ignored in the rest of the discussion as it pertains to the isotope mass flows only (as represented by the blue arrows). The carrier gas mass flows can be superimposed on any isotope mass balance using the molar mass characteristics of the ASP stages (see below). The block marked “GS” represents the gas separator: a piece of equipment used to separate the carrier gas from the element of interest to the degree necessary to provide a suitable reflux stream to the tails cascade section. The blue squares are simply suitable areas where streams can be split or mixed. An ASP stage is characterized by functions of Y, the flow of isotope in its tails stream. The characteristics of interest are: • α(Y): the separation factor between the tails and product streams. • MY(Y): the molar mass of the tails stream. • MX(Y): the molar mass of the product stream. 17 • P(Y): the stage’s power usage. • X(θ,Y): the flow of Zinc in the product stream, where θ = Y/(X+Y) is the cut defined in terms of isotope flows. Note the following: • α is the ratio of the tails and product stream abundance ratios. • Y, X(θ,Y) and α(Y) describe the stage’s behaviour with regards to Zinc, while MY(Y) and MX(Y) defines its behaviour with regards to the carrier gas. • P, the stage’s power usage, depends on the ASP separator, but also on factors such as compressor efficiency, friction losses etc. It is therefore a partial function of stage design. • It is possible to define Pmin, the theoretical minimum energy usage of a stage, by assuming 100% efficient compressors and no losses in the stage. Pmin is a function of the ASP separator only. In practice P is a more useful metric, as the contribution of compressor inefficiencies to power consumption is significant. • Except for X, the stage’s characteristics are not defined in terms of the cut θ, as they are simply not sensitive to it above a certain lower limit θmin. In practice θmin is small enough that it has no influence on the normal operating envelope of the stage. • X is per definition a function of Y via θ as indicated. The cut of an ASP stage can be dynamically adjusted to any value larger than θmin, allowing its operating point to be changed online during production. All stages in the product cascade section are operated at the same point < XH,YH >, where XH > YH, ensuring that a net backward flow of the process element, H = XH — YH is achieved. This corresponds to a cut of less than 50% and ensures a positive flow of enriched product. All stages in the tails cascade section are operated at the same point < XL,YL >, where XL < YL, ensuring that a net backward flow of the process element, L = XL — YL is achieved. This corresponds to a cut of more than 50% and ensures a positive flow of stripped tails. Depending on the production requirements of the cascade the product and tails section operation points can be moved relative to each other during production, obtaining different combinations of H and L (and therefore different feeds F = H + L). The smaller H (or L) is chosen, the closer the product (or tails) section cut moves to 50%. If all stages are operated at a cut of 50%, the cascade is operated at full reflux, no product, tails, or feed streams are present, and the maximum process element concentration gradient will exist. ASP Technology In Use The scientists at Klydon had constructed two ASP plants for the enrichment of oxygen-18 and Si-28 in Pretoria, South Africa, which were commissioned in October 2015 and July 2018, respectively. We believe the success of the enrichment of oxygen-18 and silicon-28 has demonstrated the efficacy and commercial scalability of the ASP technology. We have completed the commissioning phase and are commencing commercial production at our C-14 enrichment facility and our “multi-isotope” enrichment plant, which has its initial production run designated for enriched Si-28. We are targeting initial commercial shipments of enriched C-14 mid-2026 and initial commercial shipments of enriched Si-28 during the second quarter of 2026. QE Technology Isotopes of every element have unique spectroscopic “signatures” defined by the electromagnetic radiation or “light” absorbed by their atoms from electron transitions. QE separates two isotopes by taking advantage of the slight differences in the transition energy between two isotopes. This method is described as a “quantum mechanics” method. In principle, Quantum Enrichment can separate isotopes of most elements, achieving desired enrichment in a single step. The atomic vapor laser isotope separation method (“AVLIS”), which is the forerunner of the QE technology, proposed by Letokhov et al. (1977), has been in progress during the last 45 years. The main efforts during these years were devoted to attempts to get a nuclear fuel for industrial nuclear reactors. Laser based isotope selective excitation followed by ionization and collection using electro-magnetic fields offers one of the most efficient techniques for isotope enrichment/denaturing. In the laser isotope separation process, atoms of the target isotope in 18 vapor stream get ionized after interaction with a tuned laser beam. Ionized atoms are separated from the main vapor stream by electrostatic field. In our Quantum Enrichment facility, a resistive heating system has been designed to evaporate Ytterbium by sublimation at temperature in the range of 500 o C to 700 o C to provide adequate Ytterbium vapor atoms for laser interaction. During the process, the vapor jet comes out from the source to reach sonic speed at the exit plane, then it expands supersonically into vacuum. A thickness monitor reading gives average arrival rate of atomic vapor in terms of thickness per unit time (A/sec). At the heart of laser-based isotope enrichment lies a proficient multi-step isotope selective photoionization scheme giving optimum selectivity and product yield. Ytterbium has two valence electrons and very few transitions originating from its ground level. Its ionization potential is 6.254eV. This necessitates selection of a three-step photoionization scheme for selective photoionization of its isotopes using the available laser infrastructure supporting visible range of spectrum. Dye lasers offer the best suitable choice for enrichment process as they suffice to all the requirements of the process like wavelength tunability, high power generation at high repetition rates. Diode Pumped Solid State Green Lasers with ~3GHz line width in multi-mode operation are used to pump the dye lasers. The temporal delays between the pulses from the three lasers were arranged to ensure their sequential arrival in the interaction region with delay of several ns. We believe QE technology is superior to AVLIS with optimized spectroscopy utilization and superior laser beam shaping. The key advantages include: • high selectivity, • suitability for vaporized metals, • relatively low capital cost, and • modular design which limits scalability risk. Nuclear Medicine Nuclear medicine is a medical specialty that utilizes radioactive isotopes, referred to as radionuclides, to diagnose and treat disease. These radionuclides are incorporated into radiopharmaceuticals and introduced into the body by injection, swallowing, or inhalation. Physiologic/metabolic processes in the body concentrate the tracers in specific tissues and organs; the radioactive emissions from the tracers can be used to noninvasively image these processes or kill cells in regions where radionuclides have concentrated. Other types of noninvasive diagnostic procedures — for example, computed tomography (“CT”) and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) — can detect anatomical changes in tissues and organs as the result of disease. Nuclear medicine procedures can often detect the physiological and metabolic changes associated with disease before any anatomical changes occur. Such procedures can be used to identify disease at early stages and evaluate patients’ early responses to therapeutic interventions. Single Photon Emission Computed Tomography (“SPECT”) generates three-dimensional (“3D”) images of tissues and organs using radionuclides that emit gamma rays; the most used radionuclide is Technitium-99m (“Tc-99m”), often referred to as the ‘work-horse’ of nuclear medicine. Individual gamma rays emitted from the decay of these radionuclides (i.e., single photon emissions) are detected using a gamma camera. This camera technology is used to obtain two-dimensional (“2D”) images; 3D SPECT images are computer generated from many 2D images recorded at different angles. 19 Positron Emission Tomography (“PET”) generates 3D images of tissues and organs using tracers that emit positrons (i.e., positive electrons): for example, fluorine-18 (“F-18”). Annihilation reactions between the positrons from these radionuclides and electrons present in tissues and organs produce photons. (Two photons are emitted simultaneously for each annihilation reaction and essentially travel in opposite directions.) The photon pairs are detected with a camera having a ring of very fast detectors and electronics. PET images generally have a higher contrast and spatial resolution than do SPECT images. However, PET equipment is more expensive and therefore not as widely available as SPECT equipment. Additionally, most PET tracers have short half-lives (e.g., Nitrogen-13: 10 minutes, Carbon-11: 20 minutes, and F-18: 110 minutes), so they must be produced close to their point of use. Radionuclide therapy can be used to treat conditions such as hyperthyroidism, thyroid cancer, prostate cancer, skin cancer and blood disorders. In nuclear medicine therapy, the radiation treatment dose is administered internally (e.g. intravenous or oral routes) or externally direct above the area to treat in form of a compound (e.g. in case of skin cancer). The radiopharmaceuticals used in nuclear medicine therapy emit ionizing radiation that travels only a short distance, thereby minimizing unwanted side effects and damage to noninvolved organs or nearby structures. Most nuclear medicine therapies can be performed as outpatient procedures since there are few side effects from the treatment and the radiation exposure to the general public can be kept within a safe limit. ASP Technology for Carbon-14 Enrichment C-14 is a radioactive isotope of carbon with a half-life of 5,700 years that has a natural abundance of 1 part per trillion. The different isotopes of carbon do not differ appreciably in their chemical properties. This resemblance is used in chemical and biological research, in a technique called carbon labeling: C-14 atoms can be used to replace nonradioactive carbon, in order to trace chemical and biochemical reactions involving carbon atoms from any given organic compound. C-14 could be obtained from waste by-products in certain nuclear reactors.  In June 2023, we entered into a multi-year supply agreement with a Canadian Customer for the supply of C-14, which will be produced from our facility that was completed in March 2023. The customer agreed to supply C-14 in the form of carbon dioxide gas as feedstock. We will then convert the carbon dioxide gas into methane under a chemical converting contract entered in June 2023. We will then enrich the methane to greater than 85% C-14 under a tolling agreement, also entered in June 2023. Finally, we will convert the enriched methane back into enriched carbon dioxide under a chemical converting contract. We have received an initial supply of feedstock from our customer and have started the enrichment of C-14. The tolling agreement has a minimum “take or pay” amount of approximately $2.5 million per year, supported by a bank letter of guarantee. In September 2023, we entered into a Memorandum of Understanding with the same customer to separate Deuterium and Tritium currently stored at nuclear sites within Canada. The timing and commercial implications of this Memorandum of Understanding are subject to future agreement between the parties. ASP Technology for Silicon-28 Enrichment Si-28 is a stable isotope of silicon. Isotopically enriched Si-28 is regarded as an ideal host material for semiconducting quantum computing due to the lack of Si-29 nuclear spins.  The presence of Si-29 in concentrations above 500 parts per million (ppm) (0.05%) prevents effective performance.  The lower the concentration of Si-29, the better a silicon quantum processor will perform in terms of computational power, accuracy and reliability.  Unlike traditional centrifuges, which are suited to enriching gases with a high molecular mass, ASP technology is highly suited to enriching gases with a low molecular mass such as silane (SiH4), a gaseous compound that contains silicon. Quantum computers are expected to be thousands or millions of times more powerful than the most advanced of today’s conventional computers, opening new frontiers and opportunities in many industries, including medicine, artificial intelligence, cybersecurity, global logistics and global financial systems. We have entered into three purchase agreements for highly enriched Si-28.  The first is with a U.S. semiconductor company.  The second is with a global industrial gas company. The third is with a large U.S. buyer. QE Technology for Ytterbium-176 Enrichment Yb-176 is a stable isotope of ytterbium, that is commonly used to produce Lutetium-177 (“Lu-177”).  Lu-177 is a medical isotope used in targeted radionuclide therapy for treating neuroendocrine tumors and prostate cancer. Lu-177 is a medium energy beta emitter (Eβ = 0.149 keV). It is quite damaging, but only deposits its energy within a short range, decreasing collateral damaging effects to normal tissues. It has a half-life of 6.7 days and is compatible with various targeting agents, ranging from short peptides to large biomolecules. The half-life also allows for transport over longer distances and on-site preparation of pharmaceuticals. 20 Lu-177 can be produced in two ways, either directly by irradiation of lutetium-176 (“Lu-176”) or indirectly by irradiation of Yb-176. The irradiation of Lu-176 leads directly to Lu-177, while irradiation of Yb-176 will lead to the production of the short-lived intermediate radioisotope ytterbium-177 (“Yb-177”), which decays to Lu-177. Using the direct method in which Lu-176 is irradiated, the Lu-177 is produced in a matrix (‘carrier’) of Lu-176, because only part of the Lu-176 is converted to Lu-177. This form of Lu-177 is called carried added. Also, the direct method leads to small amounts of the radioactive impurity Lu-177m. This lowers the radionuclide purity of Lu-177 and complicates the radiation protection and disposal of Lu-177 waste in hospitals. The advantage of the direct production route is that it can create Lu-177 in high quantities by irradiating as little as 1 mg of Lu-176. On the other hand, the desired Lu-177 cannot be chemically isolated from the target material Lu-176, as they are isotopes of the same element. This is problematic as the lutetium administered to the patient should preferably only contain the ‘useful’ Lu-177. If it contains largely ‘useless’ Lu-176, the effectiveness of the treatment will diminish. The indirect method, where Yb-176 is irradiated, does not generate this extra isotope. The Lu-177 is produced in a matrix of ytterbium, which is separated from the lutetium by a chemical process after irradiation. Therefore, it leads to Lu-177 no carrier added. In the indirect production route, Lu-177 differs from the target material Yb-176 and can be isolated chemically in no carrier added form. QE Technology for Uranium Enrichment We believe our QE technology is capable of enriching Uranium, which we may be able to commercialize as a nuclear fuel component for use in the new generation of HALEU-fueled small modular reactors that are now under development for commercial and government uses. Uranium is a naturally occurring element and is mined from deposits located in Kazakhstan, Canada, Australia, and several other countries including the United States. According to the World Nuclear Association (“WNA”), there are adequate measured resources of natural uranium to fuel nuclear power at current usage rates for about 90 years. In its natural state, uranium is principally comprised of two isotopes: U-235 and U-238. The concentration of U-235 in natural uranium is only 0.711% by weight. Most commercial nuclear power reactors require Low Enriched Uranium (“LEU”) fuel which has a U-235 concentration greater than natural uranium and up to 5% by weight. Future reactor designs currently under development will likely require higher U-235 concentration levels of greater than 5% and below 20% (referred to as HALEU – High Assay Low Enriched Uranium). Uranium enrichment is the process by which the concentration of U-235 is increased (see discussion on HALEU demand below). Separative work units (“SWU”) is a standard unit of measurement that represents the effort required to transform a given amount of natural uranium into two components: enriched uranium having a higher percentage of U-235 and depleted uranium having a lower percentage of U-235. The SWU contained in LEU is calculated using an industry standard formula based on the physics of enrichment. The amount of enrichment deemed to be contained in LEU under this formula is commonly referred to as its SWU component and the quantity of natural uranium deemed to be contained in LEU under this formula is referred to as its uranium or “feed” component. Currently, it is fairly common practice to purchase both the SWU and uranium components of LEU from the enrichment company. Therefore, LEU prices typically consist of three components: SWU, Conversion and uranium ore concentrate. The following outlines the steps for converting natural uranium into LEU fuel, commonly known as the nuclear fuel cycle: • Mining and Milling . Natural, or unenriched, uranium is removed from the earth in the form of ore and then crushed and concentrated. • Conversion . Uranium ore concentrates (“UO”) are combined with fluorine gas to produce uranium hexafluoride (“UF”), a solid at room temperature and a gas when heated. UF is shipped to an enrichment plant. • Enrichment . UF is enriched in a process that increases the concentration of the U isotope in the UF from its natural state of 0.711% up to 5%, or LEU, which is usable as a fuel for current light water commercial nuclear power reactors. Future commercial reactor designs may use uranium enriched up to 20% U-235, or HALEU. • Fuel Fabrication . LEU is then converted to uranium oxide and formed into small ceramic pellets by fabricators. The pellets are loaded into metal tubes that form fuel assemblies, which are shipped to nuclear power plants. As the advanced reactor market develops, HALEU may be converted to uranium oxide, metal, chloride or fluoride salts, or other forms and loaded into a variety of fuel assembly types optimized for the specific reactor design. • Nuclear Power Plant . The fuel assemblies are loaded into nuclear reactors to create energy from a controlled chain reaction. Nuclear power plants generate approximately 20% of U.S. electricity and 10% of the world’s electricity. 21 • Used Fuel Storage . After the nuclear fuel has been in a reactor for several years, its efficiency is reduced and the assembly is removed from the reactor’s core. The used fuel is warm and radioactive and is kept in a deep pool of water for several years. Many utilities have elected to then move the used fuel into steel or concrete and steel casks for interim storage. The World is Transitioning to Newer Smaller Reactors As the world transitions to a decarbonized electric grid, society is gradually decreasing its reliance on fossil fuels and increasing its reliance on “clean energy.” There appears to be bipartisan support for the growth of nuclear energy. Nuclear power, through the operating light water reactor fleet and the deployment of advanced reactors, is poised to be an increasing contributor to carbon-free energy in the U.S. and internationally. The United States leads the world in technology innovation with more developers of advanced reactors than any other country. SMRs are advanced nuclear reactors that have a power capacity of up to 300 MW(e) per unit, which is about one-third of the generating capacity of traditional nuclear power reactors. SMRs, which can produce a large amount of low-carbon electricity, are: • Small — physically a fraction of the size of a conventional nuclear power reactor. • Modular — making it possible for systems and components to be factory-assembled and transported as a unit to a location for installation. • Reactors — harnessing nuclear fission to generate heat to produce energy. Many of the benefits of SMRs are inherently linked to the nature of their design — small and modular. Given their smaller footprint, SMRs can be sited on locations not suitable for larger nuclear power plants. Prefabricated units of SMRs can be manufactured and then shipped and installed on site, making them more affordable to build than large power reactors, which are often custom designed for a particular location, sometimes leading to construction delays. SMRs offer savings in cost and construction time, and they can be deployed incrementally to match increasing energy demand. In comparison to existing reactors, proposed SMR designs are generally simpler, and the safety concept for SMRs often relies more on passive systems and inherent safety characteristics of the reactor, such as low power and operating pressure. This means that in such cases no human intervention or external power or force is required to shut down systems, because passive systems rely on physical phenomena, such as natural circulation, convection, gravity and self-pressurization. These increased safety margins, in some cases, eliminate or significantly lower the potential for unsafe releases of radioactivity to the environment and the public in case of an accident. SMRs have reduced fuel requirements. Power plants based on SMRs may require less frequent refueling, every 3 to 7 years, in comparison to between 1 and 2 years for conventional plants. Some SMRs are designed to operate for up to 30 years without refueling. SMRs are under construction or in the licensing stage in many countries including Argentina, Canada, China, Russia, South Korea and the United States of America. Within the last five years significant legislation supporting the development and deployment of advanced reactors has been enacted: the Nuclear Innovation and Modernization Act, the Nuclear Energy Innovation and Capabilities Act, the Energy Act of 2020 and the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act. In addition, Congress established and funded the Advanced Reactor Demonstration Program which now supports two advanced reactor demonstrations to be deployed within seven years and eight other advanced reactor projects. SMRs will require a different grade of enriched Uranium Many advanced reactors, including the majority of the Advanced Reactor Demonstration Program awardees, will require HALEU, and fuel forms very different from those manufactured for the current Light Water Reactors (LWRs). For example, the current generation of LWRs uses fuel enriched to less than 5% U-235. In contrast, many advanced non-LWR designs require enrichments between 5% and 20% with most above 10%. Currently it is not possible to purchase HALEU between 10% and 20% from a commercial enricher in the United States. In the U.S., the infrastructure for the front-end of the fuel cycle for the utilization of low enriched uranium up to 5% U-235 is well defined. The U.S. has mining, conversion, enrichment, fabrication, and transportation capability. However, the infrastructure for producing and utilizing HALEU, in particular enrichments above 10%, is not established in the U.S. The mining and conversion infrastructure are common to all enrichment levels. 22 In 2020, the DOE selected two companies for awards under the Advanced Reactor Demonstration Program (ARDP) Pathway 1: Advanced Reactor Demonstrations. Both reactor designs require HALEU and can be operational in about seven years. Today, it is estimated that the companies selected for the demonstration pathway will require HALEU for their reactors beginning in the late 2020's to support fuel fabrication ahead of reactor startup. In addition, one of the companies under Pathway 2: Risk Reduction for Future Demonstrations will require HALEU in the 2026-2027 timeframe and other companies in Pathway 2 and 3 of the ARDP will also require HALEU. Privately funded companies are also working to deploy HALEU fueled reactors by the mid-2020s. The Nuclear Energy Institute ("NEI") believes that it is virtually impossible for HALEU to be provided to these companies in the needed quantities and timeframes from DOE inventories or commercial enrichers located in the U.S or Western Europe. Therefore, acquiring HALEU from other international suppliers will be required in the near term to support the larger goal of deploying advanced reactors in the U.S. in a timely manner. Deploying these reactors before 2030 will support climate goals and position the U.S. to be a strong exporter of advanced reactor technology. Per the recent NEI white paper, a robust domestic HALEU infrastructure is necessary to support both the domestic deployment of advanced reactors and the export of U.S. advanced reactor technologies requiring HALEU. In a letter to the DOE captioned “Updated Need for High-Assay Low Enriched Uranium” dated December 20, 2021, the NEI provided an estimate of what U.S. HALEU demand may be during the next 15 years by companies denoted A to J: Estimated Annual Requirements for High Assay Low Enriched Uranium to 2035 (MTU/yr) Company A B C D E F G H I J Total Cumulative Year 2022 0.1 0.4 0.2 1.1 0.0 1.8 1.8 2023 0.1 3.1 4.4 0.1 7.7 9.5 2024 1.0 5.6 0.2 3.0 1.5 6.6 0.1 18.0 27.5 2025 1.0 3.8 0.4 3.0 5.0 11.0 1.6 25.8 53.3 2026 1.0 15.1 4.9 10.0 2.0 24.2 13.2 1.7 72.1 125.4 2027 1.0 26.5 7.9 4.0 24.2 13.2 1.9 78.7 204.1 2028 1.0 37.8 16.6 13.0 23.0 24.2 13.2 2.0 130.8 334.9 2029 1.0 26.3 1.8 30.5 17.0 18.0 14.0 24.2 16.5 2.4 151.7 486.6 2030 1.0 34.4 1.8 40.4 46.0 18.0 30.0 24.2 16.5 2.7 215.0 701.6 2031 23.0 42.5 6.2 53.0 29.0 22.0 33.0 24.2 16.5 2.9 252.3 954.0 2032 35.0 52.9 12.5 67.6 46.0 40.0 50.0 48.4 19.8 3.1 375.3 1,329.2 2033 47.0 63.5 32.2 82.1 46.0 32.0 80.0 48.4 19.8 3.2 454.2 1,783.4 2034 58.0 76.1 62.4 96.7 46.0 36.0 80.0 48.4 19.8 3.7 527.1 2,310.5 2035 70.0 90.9 96. 112.4 91.0 29.0 50.0 48.4 22.0 4.1 613.8 2,924.3 Notes: • The material needs listed above are in metric tons of uranium per year and are a small amount compared to the approximately 2000 MTU used annually by the existing fleet of reactors. • The material needs listed above include enrichments between 10.9% and 19.75% U-235. • The year the material is needed is for fuel fabrication. Insertion in the reactor and reactor operations will occur in a later year. • The material needs that are less than 1 MTU/year are for irradiation samples, lead test rods and lead test fuel assemblies. • The material needs represent a few scenarios o The deployment of an advanced fuel design for the existing fleet of light-water reactors. o The deployment of multiple reactors of the same design that will not require refueling for many years. o The deployment of reactors that have annual refueling requirements. • These reactors include a range of sizes from a few Megawatt electric to 100s of Megawatt electric. • The data above does not include utilities that are considering enrichment between 5% and 10%. 23 QE Technology is ideally suited to the production of HALEU We believe that we are in a very different position compared to many of the entrenched domestic and international enrichers. Our innovative isotope enrichment process has a number of advantages over traditional gas centrifuges and other novel approaches currently being explored by other companies: cheaper in capital expenditures, faster in construction, more flexible in design and location. We estimate that the capital cost of constructing a QE technology plant for uranium enrichment is approximately 75% cheaper than that of a traditional gas centrifuge enrichment facility. Our manufacturing plants are modular, so our construction time is likely faster and more flexible than competing technologies. Our enrichment facilities are smaller than traditional gas centrifuges which means we can place them near fuel fabrication facilities for enhanced security of production and transportation. Our operating costs of enriching uranium to 15.5% - 19.75% U-235 should be comparable to or cheaper than costs for other methods of uranium enrichment. The table below represents management’s estimated comparison of the QE technology with a traditional gas centrifuge. QE Technology Plant Gas Centrifuge Separation mechanism Enhanced resonant multiphoton ionization Differential diffusion Capital Cost per plant <$100 million >$800 million Energy use (kWh) per SWU <40 50-240 Construction time 2-3 years 2-3 years Levelized cost per SWU* <$50 $140 * for enrichment from 0.71% U235 to 5% U235 We have completed the commissioning phase and producing commercial samples at our Yb-176 enrichment facility using the QE technology in Pretoria, South Africa.  This plant will provide us with valuable experience in the construction of QE technology facilities in the future. Many of the control systems, compressors, lasers and hardware used in a uranium enrichment facility would be similar to parts used in this Yb-176 enrichment facility. We expect the construction of a Uranium Enrichment facility would take approximately 30 months and the production volume would gradually ramp up to the final capacity of 20 metric tons per year. Importantly, subject to licensure, we believe we can produce quantities of HALEU by 2027 for fuel testing and evaluation by developers of SMRs and other advanced reactors currently in development. We believe that we can supply HALEU at a price lower than the HALEU currently imported from international enrichers and considerably lower than any potential domestic supply that may evolve. In the period since our inception to date, we have not applied our enrichment technologies to the enrichment of U-235, nor received permission or regulatory approval to conduct testing of our enrichment technologies on uranium, except for the activities contemplated by the Services Contract with Necsa. Our expectation that QLE’s initiative to apply our enrichment technologies to the enrichment of uranium could be successful is based upon research conducted by certain of our scientists prior to joining the company, as well as the demonstrated effectiveness of QE technology on Yb-176. Intellectual Property Our business will depend on our proprietary ASP technology and QE technology. Enrichment is among the most sensitive nuclear technologies because it can produce weapons-grade materials, and our technology is highly controlled and subject to limitations on public disclosure or export. We believe patent protection in the United States for such sensitive nuclear technology developed in South Africa would be unusual, if even possible. To date, we have relied exclusively on trade secrets and other intellectual property laws, non-disclosure agreements with our respective employees, consultants,

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, potential customers and other relevant persons and other measures to protect our intellectual property, and intend to continue to rely on these and other means. As we transition into the commercialization of isotopes, we envision our intellectual property and its security becoming more vital to our future. Pursuing patent protection remains part of the intellectual property protection philosophy and strategy and the advisability of establishing provisional patent rights is continuously assessed on a case-by-case basis in respect of both conceptual aspects and the specific applications thereof. Such assessments are made in consultation with regulatory bodies and with due consideration to the prospects of successfully obtaining patent protection in light of any disclosure constraints that are imposed by such bodies. To date, we have not determined that patent protection is appropriate or viable in light of these considerations. Regulatory Environment We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations, including but not limited to those of the United States and South Africa, that impose regulatory systems that govern many aspects of our operations, including our research and development activities 24 involving the enrichment of isotopes in South Africa. In addition, these jurisdictions impose trade controls requirements that restrict trade to comply with applicable export controls and economic sanctions laws and requirements, and legal requirements that are intended to curtail bribery and corruption. There are a number of regulators and treaties that govern and control our business and industry. The two principal ones that control and regulate the

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials; • changes in foreign laws and tax rates or U.S. laws and tax rates with respect to foreign income may unexpectedly increase the rate at which our income is taxed, impose new and additional taxes on remittances, repatriation or other payments by subsidiaries, or cause the loss of previously recorded tax benefits; • foreign countries in which we do business may adopt other restrictions on foreign trade or investment, including currency exchange controls; • trade sanctions by or against these countries could result in our losing access to customers and suppliers in those countries; • unexpected adverse changes in foreign laws or regulatory requirements may occur; • our agreements with counterparties in foreign countries may be difficult for us to enforce and related receivables may be difficult for us to collect; • compliance with the variety of foreign laws and regulations may be unduly burdensome; • compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws (such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act) as well as anti-money- laundering laws may be costly; • unexpected adverse changes in export duties, quotas and tariffs and difficulties in obtaining export licenses may occur; • general economic conditions in the countries in which we operate could have an adverse effect on our earnings from operations in those countries; • our foreign operations may experience staffing difficulties and labor disputes; • termination or substantial modification of international trade agreements may adversely affect our access to raw materials and to markets for our products outside the U.S.; 51 • foreign governments may nationalize or expropriate private enterprises; • increased sovereign risk (such as default by or deterioration in the economies and creditworthiness of local governments) may occur; and • political or economic repercussions from terrorist activities, including the possibility of hyperinflationary conditions and political instability, may occur in certain countries in which we do business. Unanticipated events, such as geopolitical changes, could result in a write-down of our investment in the affected joint venture or a delay or cause cancellation of those capital projects, which could negatively impact our future growth and profitability. Our success as a global business will depend, in part, upon our ability to succeed in differing legal, regulatory, economic, social and political conditions by developing, implementing and maintaining policies and strategies that are effective in each location where we and our joint ventures do business. Furthermore, we will be subject to rules and regulations related to anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money-laundering and anti-trust prohibitions of the U.S. and other countries, as well as export controls and economic embargoes, violations of which may carry substantial penalties. For example, export control and economic embargo regulations limit the ability of our subsidiaries to market, sell, distribute or otherwise transfer their products or technology to prohibited countries or persons. Moreover, we have to comply with the South African anti-corruption law, the Prevention and Combating of Corrupt Activities Act, No. 12 of 2004, as amended (“PRECCA”), which prohibits public and private bribery and criminalizes various categories of corrupt activities. PRECCA also contains a reporting obligation to authorities of known or suspected corrupt activities which is triggered when the value of any known or suspected acts of corruption exceeds R100,000. Failure to report said corrupt activities is a criminal offense under PRECCA and imposes significant penalties on those convicted of corrupt activities. Regulation 43 of the Companies Act also contains a number of anti-corruption compliance obligations that we must adhere to. Some applicable anti-corruption laws may also prohibit so-called commercial or private bribery of private individuals. We are subject to the jurisdiction of various governments and regulatory agencies around the world, which may bring our personnel and representatives into contact with government officials responsible for, among other things, issuing or renewing permits, licenses or approvals or for enforcing other governmental regulations. Failure to comply with these regulations could subject our subsidiaries to fines, enforcement actions and/or have an adverse effect on our reputation and the value of our Common Stock. The ongoing military conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the USA, Israel and Iran could have a material adverse effect on the global energy industry and our business, financial condition and results of operations. The long-term impact on our business resulting from the disruption of trade by the conflicts and associated sanctions is uncertain at this time due to the fluid nature of the ongoing military conflict and response. The potential impacts include supply chain and logistics disruptions, financial impacts including volatility in foreign exchange and interest rates, increased inflationary pressure on raw materials and energy, and other risks, including an elevated risk of cybersecurity threats and the potential for further sanctions. The continuation of the conflict may trigger a series of additional economic and other sanctions enacted by the United States and other countries. The potential impact of supply chain and logistics disruptions, financial impacts, including volatility in helium and LNG prices, foreign exchange rates and interest rates, inflationary pressures on raw materials and energy and heightened cybersecurity threats, is uncertain at the current time due to the fluid nature of the conflict and international responses to it. To the extent any international conflict may adversely affect Renergen’s business, it may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in Renergen’s

