TICKER: ATXG
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain, product supply chain, and marketing supply chain services in China. Government
Regulations The
PRC government has corresponding industrial regulatory measures and policies for garment manufacturing business, logistics business and
property management and subleasing business. Our PRC subsidiaries currently comply with these regulatory requirements and have not received
any action from industry regulators for conduct of their business. The PRC government may, however, from time to time institute rules
and regulations on such businesses which makes it difficult or impossible for us to operate successfully, if at all, in the PRC. Please
see the section on “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors’ ability to manufacture and deliver raw materials in a timely manner, meet quality standards and
comply with applicable laws and regulations. We
purchase raw materials from third-party vendors. Factors outside our control, such as production or shipping delays or quality problems,
could disrupt merchandise deliveries and result in lost sales, cancellation charges or excessive markdowns. In
addition, quality problems could result in a product liability judgment or a widespread product recall that may negatively impact our
sales and profitability for a period of time depending on product availability, competition reaction and consumer attitudes. Even if
the product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertions could adversely
impact our reputation with existing and potential customers and our brand image. Our
business could also suffer if our third-party vendors fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations. While our internal and vendor’s
operating guidelines promote ethical business practices and our associates visit and monitor the operations of our third-party vendors,
we do not control these vendors or their practices. The violation of labor, environmental or other laws by third-party vendors used by
us, or the divergence of a third-party vendor’s or partner’s labor or environmental practices from those generally accepted
as ethical or appropriate, could interrupt or otherwise disrupt the shipment of finished products to us or damage our reputation. 19 Large
and similar sized competitors could steal our market share by offering lower prices. We
endeavor to provide the highest possible quality service to our clients at the best possible price, however, large and similar sized
competitors might steal some of our market share by offering lower prices, causing us to lose some of our clients. If this happens, we
might not be able to generate adequate revenues and may soon find ourselves lacking the capital that is required to continue operations. If
we are unable to attract additional customers and clients to purchase our services (and future products we may develop or sell), it will
have a negative effect on our ability to generate the revenue. We
currently have a limited number of clients and customers. We have identified additional potential clients, but we cannot guarantee that
we will be able to secure them as clients. Even if we obtain additional clients and customers, there is no guarantee that we will be
able develop products and/or services that our clients and customers will want to purchase. If we are unable to attract enough customers
and clients to purchase services (and any products we may develop or sell) it will have a negative effect on our ability to generate
the revenue that is necessary to operate or expand our business. The lack of sufficient revenue will have a negative effect on the ability
of our company to continue operations and could force us to cease operations. We
may be adversely affected by the performance of third-party contractors. We
engage third-party contractors to carry out logistics services. We endeavor to engage third-party companies with a strong reputation
and track record, high performance reliability and adequate financial resources. However, any such third-party contractor may still fail
to provide satisfactory logistics services at a level of quality or within the timeframe required by us or our customers. While we generally
require our logistics contractors to fully reimburse us for any losses arising from delay in delivery or non-delivery, our results of
operation and financial condition may be adversely affected if any of the losses are not borne by them. If the performance of any third-party
contractor is not satisfactory, we may need to replace such contractor or take other remedial actions, which could adversely affect the
cost structure and delivery schedule of our products and thus have a negative impact on our reputation, financial position and business
operations. In addition, as we are expanding our business into other geographical locations in the PRC, there may be a shortage of third-party
contractors that meet our quality standards and other selection criteria in such locations and, as a result, we may not be able to engage
a sufficient number of high-quality third-party contractors in a timely manner, which may adversely affect our delivery schedules and
delivery costs and hence our business, results of operations and financial conditions. We
may be exposed to concentration risk due to heavy reliance on third-party contractors for our logistic business, and any shortage of third-party
contractors may significantly impact our business and results of operation. The
Company relied on a few subcontractors for our logistic business, in which the subcontracting fees to our largest contractor
represented approximately 5.2% and 42.0% of total cost of revenues for our logistics service segment for the years ended March 31,
2025 and 2024, respectively. The decrease in subcontracting fee to the largest contractor was mainly due to decrease use of subcontractors. We have not experienced any disputes with our subcontractors, and we believe we maintain good relationships with
our contract logistic service provider. If
we are unable to control the reliance of third-party contractors efficiently and effectively, our business prospects and results of operations
may be materially and adversely affected . We
engaged subcontractors to carry out logistics services. Subcontracting fees for our logistics business for the year ended March 31, 2025
decreased to approximately $0.2 million from $1.5 million for the year ended March 31, 2024, representing an decrease of approximately
89.0%. Subcontracting fees accounted for 5.5% and 34.9% of our total logistics business revenue in the years ended March 31, 2025 and
2024, respectively. If
we are unable to control the reliance of subcontractors efficiently and effectively, our business prospects and results of operations
may be materially and adversely affected. 20 Our
insurance may not be sufficient. We
carry insurance that we consider adequate in regard to the nature of the covered risks and the costs of coverage. We are not fully insured
against all possible risks, nor are all such risks insurable. Competition
for tenants could impact our occupancy rates. Our
property management and subleasing operations face significant competition for tenants within the garment market. Competitive factors
include rental rates, property location, lease terms, and the quality of properties offered. We compete directly with other landlords
and property operators offering similar leasing opportunities in our targeted areas. The presence of newer or better-located properties
could adversely affect our ability to attract tenants and the rental rates we can achieve. Our
performance depends on our ability to collect rent from tenants, including anchor tenants, our tenants’ financial condition and
our tenants maintaining leases for our properties. Our
property management and subleasing operations rely heavily on our ability to collect rent from tenants, including anchor tenants, to
maintain financial stability. The financial condition of our tenants directly impacts their ability to meet lease obligations. Economic
downturns or adverse market conditions, such as inflation, labor shortages, supply chain disruptions, and changes in consumer spending
habits, may weaken tenants’ financial positions. This could lead to delays in lease commencements, non-renewals, or defaults on
rental payments. In some cases, tenants may choose to close stores or declare bankruptcy, resulting in the termination of leases and
loss of rental income. Enforcing lease terms in case of default may incur delays and costs, potentially affecting our cash flow and financial
performance. A
tenant filing for bankruptcy protection could prevent us from collecting pre-bankruptcy debts or recovering losses related to unpaid
rent or damages. The rejection of leases in bankruptcy proceedings would leave us with general unsecured claims, likely resulting in
partial or no recovery of outstanding balances. Multiple lease terminations or failures of tenants to occupy premises could lead to lease
terminations or reduced rents for remaining tenants under certain lease terms. In such scenarios, re-leasing vacant spaces at competitive
rates may be challenging, potentially reducing overall rental income and impacting financial results. The occurrence of these situations,
particularly involving significant tenants with leases across multiple locations, could materially affect our financial condition, operational
results, and cash flow. Subleasing
to smaller and growth-oriented businesses could adversely affect our cash flow and results of operations. A
portion of our tenant base consists of smaller, growth-oriented businesses in the garment industry. These tenants may have less financial
stability compared to larger corporations, increasing the risk of tenant defaults, turnover, or bankruptcies. Smaller businesses are
more susceptible to economic downturns or changes in market conditions, which could lead to challenges in rent payments, lease renewals,
or the need for alternative office spaces. Such tenant-related risks could impact our cash flow and financial performance. 21 Our
business depends on the continued contributions made by Mr. Hong Zhida, as our key executive officer, the loss of whom may result in
a severe impediment to our business. Our
success is dependent upon the continued contributions made by our CEO and President, Mr. Hong Zhida. We rely on his expertise in business
operations when we are developing new products and services. The Company has no “Key Man” insurance to cover the resulting
losses in the event that any of our officer or directors should die or resign. If
Mr. Hong Zhida cannot serve the Company or is no longer willing to do so, the Company may not be able to find alternatives in a timely
manner or at all. This would likely result in severe damage to our business operations and would have an adverse material impact on our
financial position and operational results. To continue as a viable operation, the Company may have to recruit and train replacement
personnel at a higher cost. Additionally,
if Mr. Hong Zhida joins our competitors or develops similar businesses that are in competition with our Company, our business may also
be negatively impacted. Our
future success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified long-term staff to fill management, technology, sales, marketing,
and customer services positions. We have a great need for qualified talent, but we may not be successful in attracting, hiring, developing,
and retaining the talent required for our success. We
may be adversely impacted by certain compliance or legal matters. We,
along with third parties we do business with, are subject to complex compliance and litigation risks. Actions filed against us from time
to time include commercial, tort, intellectual property, customer, employment, wage and hour, data privacy, securities, anti-corruption
and other claims, including purported class action lawsuits. The cost of defending against these types of claims against us or the ultimate
resolution of such claims, whether by settlement or adverse court decision, may harm our business. Further, potential claimants may be
encouraged to bring lawsuits based on a settlement from us or adverse court decisions against us. We cannot currently assess the likely
outcome of such suits, but if the outcome were negative, it could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. In
addition, we may be impacted by litigation trends, including class action lawsuits involving consumers and shareholders, that could have
a material adverse effect on our reputation, the market price of our common stock, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows. Unauthorized
disclosure, destruction or modification of data, through cybersecurity breaches, computer viruses or otherwise or disruption of our services
could expose us to liability, protracted and costly litigation and damage our reputation. Our
business involves the collection, storage, processing and transmission of customers’ business data. An increasing number of organizations,
including large merchants and businesses, other large technology companies, financial institutions and government institutions, have
disclosed breaches of their information technology, or IT, systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted cybersecurity
attacks, including on portions of their websites or infrastructure. We may also be subjected to breaches of cybersecurity by hackers.
Threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological
failure. Concerns about cybersecurity are increased when we transmit information. Electronic transmissions can also be subjected to cybersecurity
attacks, interception or loss. Also, computer viruses and malware can be distributed and spread rapidly over the internet and could infiltrate
our systems or those of our associated participants, which can impact the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information,
and the integrity and availability of our products, services and systems, among other effects. Denial of service or other cybersecurity
attacks could be targeted against us for a variety of purposes, including interfering with our products and services or creating a diversion
for other malicious activities. These types of actions and attacks could disrupt our delivery of products and services or make them unavailable,
which could damage our reputation, force us to incur significant expenses in remediating the resulting impacts, expose us to uninsured
liabilities, subject us to lawsuits, fines or sanctions, distract our management or increase our costs of doing business. 22 Our
encryption of data and other protective measures may not prevent unauthorized access or use of sensitive data. A breach of our system
or that of one of our associated participants may subject us to material losses or liability. A misuse of such data or a cybersecurity
breach could harm our reputation and deter customers from using our products and services, thus reducing our revenue. In addition, any
such misuse or breach could cause us to incur costs to correct the breaches or failures, expose us to uninsured liabilities, increase
our risk of regulatory scrutiny, subject us to lawsuits, result in the imposition of material penalties and fines under applying laws
or regulations. We
cannot assure that there are written agreements in place with every associated participant or that such written agreements will prevent
the unauthorized use, modification, destruction or disclosure of data or enable us or our customers to obtain reimbursement in the event
we should suffer incidents resulting in unauthorized use, modification, destruction or disclosure of data. Any unauthorized use, modification,
destruction or disclosure of data could result in protracted and costly litigation, which could have a material and adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Cybersecurity
attack incidents are increasing in frequency and evolving in nature and include, but are not limited to, installation of malicious software,
unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of
confidential or otherwise protected information and the corruption of data. Given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope
of information technology disruptions, there can be no assurance that the procedures and controls we employ will be sufficient to prevent
security breaches from occurring and we could be subject to manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks or financial losses
from remedial actions, any of which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure
to make adequate contributions to various employee benefits plans as required by PRC regulations may subject us to penalties. Companies
operating in China are required to participate in various government sponsored employee benefit plans, including certain social insurance,
housing funds and other welfare-oriented payment obligations, and contribute to the plans in amounts equal to certain percentages of
salaries, including bonuses and allowances, of employees up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time at
locations where they operate their businesses. The requirement of employee benefit plans has not been implemented consistently by the
local governments in China given the different levels of economic development in different locations. As of March 31, 2025, we have made
adequate employee benefit payments in strict compliance with the relevant PRC regulations for and on behalf of our employees. There
is no guarantee that we will not fail in making adequate employee benefit payments in strict compliance with applicable PRC labor related
laws and regulations in the future. Our failure in making contributions to various employee benefits plans in strict compliance with
applicable PRC labor related laws and regulations may subject us to late payment penalties, and we could also be required to make up
the contributions for these plans as well as to pay late fees and fines. If we are subject to late fees or fines in relation to the underpaid
employee benefits, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 23 A
recent joint statement by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or the “PCAOB,” proposed
rule changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the newly enacted “Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act” all call for additional
and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors, especially
the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to investing in us. On
April 21, 2020, the SEC and the PCAOB released a joint statement highlighting the risks associated with investing in companies based
in or having substantial operations in emerging markets including China. The joint statement emphasized the risks associated with lack
of access for the PCAOB to inspect auditors and audit work papers in China and higher risks of fraud in emerging markets. On
May 18, 2020, Nasdaq filed three proposals with the SEC to (i) apply a minimum offering size requirement for companies primarily operating
in a “Restrictive Market,” (ii) adopt a new requirement relating to the qualification of management or the board of directors
for Restrictive Market companies, and (iii) apply additional and more stringent criteria to an applicant or listed company based on the
qualifications of the company’s auditor. On
December 18, 2020, the “Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act” was signed by previous President of the United States
and became law. This legislation requires certain issuers of securities to establish that they are not owned or controlled by a foreign
government. Specifically, an issuer must make this certification if the PCAOB is unable to audit specified reports because the issuer
has retained a foreign public accounting firm not subject to inspection by the PCAOB. Furthermore, if the PCAOB is unable to inspect
the issuer’s public accounting firm for three consecutive years, the issuer’s securities are banned from trading on a national
exchange or through other methods. On
March 24, 2021, the SEC announced that it had adopted interim final amendments to implement congressionally mandated submission and disclosure
requirements of the HFCAA. The interim final amendments will apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report
on Forms 10-K, 20-F, 40-F or N-CSR with an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction
and that the PCAOB has determined it is unable to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in that
jurisdiction. The SEC will implement a process for identifying such a registrant and any such identified registrant will be required
to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in that foreign jurisdiction,
and will also require disclosure in the registrant’s annual report regarding the audit arrangements of, and governmental influence
on, such a registrant. Furthermore,
on June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act (“AHFCAA”), which, if
enacted, would amend the HFCAA and require the SEC to prohibit an issuer’s securities from trading on any U.S. stock exchanges
if its auditor is not subject to PCAOB inspections for two consecutive years instead of three. If the AHFCAA is enacted, and if we are
subject to it, it would decrease the number of “non-inspection years” from three years to two years, and thus, would reduce
the time before our securities may be prohibited from trading or delisted. On
September 22, 2021, the PCAOB adopted rules to create a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated under the HFCAA,
whether it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because
of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. On
December 2, 2021, the SEC issued amendments to finalize the interim final rules previously adopted in March 2021 to implement the submission
and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. The rules apply to registrants that the SEC identifies as having filed an Form 10-K with
an audit report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable
to inspect or investigate completely because of a position taken by an authority in a foreign jurisdiction. On
December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a Determination Report which found that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely
registered public accounting firms headquartered in: (1) mainland China of the People’s Republic of China, because of a position
taken by one or more authorities in mainland China; and (2) Hong Kong, a Special Administrative Region and dependency of the PRC, because
of a position taken by one or more authorities in Hong Kong. The PCAOB has made such designations as mandated under the HFCAA. Pursuant
to each annual determination by the PCAOB, the SEC will, on an annual basis, identify issuers that have used non-inspected audit firms
and thus are at risk of such suspensions in the future. 24 The
PCAOB is currently unable to conduct inspections in China without the approval of Chinese government authorities. If it is later determined
that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate our auditor completely, investors may be deprived of the benefits of such inspection.
Any audit reports not issued by auditors that are completely inspected by the PCAOB, or a lack of PCAOB inspections of audit work undertaken
in China that prevents the PCAOB from regularly evaluating our auditors’ audits and their quality control procedures, could result
in a lack of assurance that our financial statements and disclosures are adequate and accurate. Our
auditor, Pan-China Singapore PAC, the independent registered public accounting firm that issued the audit report included in this
Form 10-K, is subject to PCAOB inspections. Pan-China Singapore PAC is headquartered in Singapore and there are no limitations in
Singapore on PCAOB inspections. Therefore, we believe that, as of the date of this Annual Report, our auditor is not subject to the
determinations announced by the PCAOB on December 16, 2021 relating to the PCAOB’s inability to inspect or investigate
completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in the PRC or Hong Kong because of a position taken by one or more
authorities in the PRC or Hong Kong. However, to the extent that our auditor’s work papers may, in the future, become located
in China, such work papers will not be subject to inspection by the PCAOB because the PCAOB is currently unable to conduct
inspections without the approval of the Chinese authorities. Inspections of certain other firms that the PCAOB has conducted outside
of China have identified deficiencies in those firms’ audit procedures and quality control procedures, which may be addressed
as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. The inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our
auditors’ work papers in China would make it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our auditor’s audit
procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to PCAOB inspections. As a
result, our investors may be deprived of the benefits of the PCAOB’s oversight of our auditor through such inspections and
they may lose confidence in our reported financial information and procedures and the quality of our financial statements. We cannot
assure you whether Nasdaq or other regulatory authorities will apply additional or more stringent criteria to us. Such uncertainty
could cause the market price of our Common Stock to be materially and adversely affected. There
are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies
to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. On
December 28, 2019, the newly amended Securities Law of the PRC (the “PRC Securities Law”) was promulgated, which became effective
on March 1, 2020. According to Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law (“Article 177”), the securities regulatory authority
of the State Council may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with securities regulatory authorities of another country or region
for the implementation of cross-border supervision and administration. Article 177 further provides that overseas securities regulatory
authorities shall not engage in activities pertaining to investigations or evidence collection directly conducted within the territories
of the PRC, and that no Chinese entities or individuals shall provide documents and information in connection with securities business
activities to any organizations and/or persons aboard without the prior consent of the securities regulatory authority of the State Council
and the competent departments of the State Council. As
of the date of this Form 10-K, we are not aware of any implementing rules or regulations which have been published regarding application
of Article 177. As
advised by our PRC counsel, Article 177 is only applicable where the activities of overseas authorities constitute a direct investigation
or evidence collection by such authorities within the territory of the PRC. Our principal business operation is conducted in the PRC.
In the event that the U.S. securities regulatory agencies carry out an investigation on us such as an enforcement action by the Department
of Justice, the SEC or other authorities, such agencies’ activities will constitute conducting an investigation or collecting evidence
directly within the territory of the PRC and accordingly fall within the scope of Article 177. In that case, the U.S. securities regulatory
agencies may have to consider establishing cross-border cooperation with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC by way of judicial
assistance, diplomatic channels or establishing a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory authority of the PRC.
However, there is no assurance that the U.S. securities regulatory agencies will succeed in establishing such cross-border cooperation
in this particular case and/or establish such cooperation in a timely manner. 25 Furthermore,
as Article 177 is a recently promulgated provision and, as the date of this Form 10-K, there have not been implementing rules or
regulations regarding the application of Article 177, so it remains unclear as to how it will be interpreted, implemented or applied
by the Chinese Securities Regulatory Commission or other relevant government authorities. As such, there are uncertainties as to the
procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within
the territory of the PRC. If the U.S. securities regulatory agencies are unable to conduct such investigations, there exists a risk
that they may determine to suspend or de-register our registration with the SEC and may also delist our securities from Nasdaq or
other applicable trading market within the US. We
are exposed to liabilities relating to environmental protection and safety laws and regulations. Our
operations are subject to comprehensive and frequently changing laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and health
and safety. The discharge of waste and pollutants from our

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials or changes in the supply of raw materials may materially and adversely affect our business, financial
    condition and results of operations. ● Any
    labor shortages, increased labor costs or other factors affecting labor supply for our production materials may materially and adversely
    affect our business operations. ● If
                                            we are unable to attract additional customers and clients to purchase our services (and future
                                            products we may develop or sell) it will have a negative effect on our ability to generate
                                            revenue. ● A
    recent joint statement by the SEC and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or the “PCAOB,”
    proposed rule changes submitted by Nasdaq, and the newly enacted “Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act” all call
    for additional and more stringent criteria to be applied to emerging market companies upon assessing the qualification of their auditors,
    especially the non-U.S. auditors who are not inspected by the PCAOB. These developments could add uncertainties to investing in us. ● There
    are uncertainties under the PRC Securities Law relating to the procedures and requisite timing for the U.S. securities regulatory
    agencies to conduct investigations and collect evidence within the territory of the PRC. ● We
    face risks associated with future Chinese regulations. ● We
    may be exposed to concentration risk due to heavy reliance on third-party contractors for our logistic business, and any shortage of
    third-party contractors may significantly impact our business and results of operation. ● If
    we are unable to control the reliance of third-party contractors efficiently and effectively, our business prospects and results
    of operations may be materially and adversely affected. ● We
    have a limited operating history for the new business segment of property management and subleasing, which makes it difficult to
    evaluate our future prospects and may increase the risk that we will not be successful. In addition, our historical growth rates
    and profitability may not be indicative of our future growth and profitability. ● Natural
    disasters, public health crises or other catastrophic events may significantly limit our ability to conduct business as normal, disrupt
    our business operation and materially affect our financial condition. ● We
    may not succeed in continuing to maintain, protect and strengthen our reputation, and any negative publicity about us, our business,
    our management, our business partners, may materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations and growth. General
Risks Associated with Business Operations in China ● Investors
    may have difficulty enforcing judgments against us. ● Changes
    in the policies, regulations, rules and the enforcement of laws of the PRC government may be quick with little advance notice and
    could have a significant impact upon the business we may be able to conduct in the PRC and the profitability of such business. ● The
    PRC government may intervene or influence our business operations at any time or may exert more control over offerings conducted
    overseas and foreign investment in China based issuers, which could result in a material change in our business operations and/or
    the value of our securities. Additionally, the governmental and regulatory interference could significantly limit or completely hinder
    our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline
    or be worthless. 5 ● Our
    independent registered public accounting firm’s audit documentation related to their audit reports included in this Form 10-K
    include audit documentation located in the PRC. Our Common Stocks may be delisted or prohibited from being traded over-the-counter
    under the HFCAA if the PCAOB is unable to inspect our audit documentation located in mainland China and, as such, you may be deprived
    of the benefits of such inspection which could result in limitations or restrictions to our access to the U.S. capital markets. The
    delisting or the cessation of trading of our Common Stocks, or the threat of their being delisted or prohibited from being traded,
    may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. ● To
    the extent cash in the business is in the PRC or a PRC entity, the funds may not be available to fund operations or for other use
    outside of the PRC due to interventions in or the imposition of restrictions and limitations on the ability of our Company or our
    subsidiaries by the PRC government to transfer cash. ● Any
    actions by the Chinese government to exert more oversight and control over offerings that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment
    in China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors
    and cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or be worthless. ● Foreign
    exchange fluctuations may affect our business. ● Inflation
    could pose a risk to our business. ● There
    are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws, rules and regulations. ● PRC
    regulations regarding acquisitions impose significant regulatory approval and review requirements, which could make it more difficult
    for us to pursue growth through acquisitions. ● While
    the approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission is not currently required for our offerings, it may be required in the
    future in connection with our offerings under the M&A Rules and, if required, we cannot predict whether we will be able to obtain
    such approval. ● Our
    business may be subject to a variety of PRC laws and other obligations regarding cybersecurity and data protection. ● PRC
    regulations relating to investments in offshore companies by PRC residents may subject our PRC-resident beneficial owners or our
    PRC Subsidiaries to liability or penalties, limit our ability to inject capital into our PRC Subsidiaries or limit our PRC Subsidiaries’
    ability to increase their registered capital or distribute profits. ● We
                                            may be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes under the PRC Enterprise Income
                                            Tax Law, and we may therefore be subject to PRC income tax on our global income. ● Restrictions
                                            on currency exchange may limit our ability to utilize our PRC revenue effectively. ● The
                                            disclosures in our reports and other filings with the SEC and our other public pronouncements
                                            are not subject to the scrutiny of any regulatory bodies in the PRC. ● Introduction
    of new laws or changes to existing laws by the PRC government may adversely affect our business. Risks
Relating to Our Holding Company Structure ● Substantial
    uncertainties exist with respect to the interpretation and implementation of the newly enacted Foreign Investment Law and how it
    may impact the viability of our current corporate structure, corporate governance and business operations. ● We
    may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid by our PRC Subsidiaries to fund any cash and financing requirements
    we may have, and any limitation on the ability of our PRC Subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect
    on our ability to conduct our business. ● PRC
    regulation of loans to and direct investment in PRC entities by offshore holding companies and governmental control of currency conversion
    may delay or prevent us from using the proceeds of our offerings to make loans or additional capital contributions to our PRC Subsidiaries,
    which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to fund and expand our business. Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock ● We
    may never be able to pay dividends and are unlikely to do so. ● The
    market price of our shares is likely to be highly volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors. ● Shareholders
    may be diluted significantly through our efforts to obtain financing and satisfy obligations through the issuance of securities. 6 PART
I Item
1. Business Addentax
Group Corp. was incorporated in the State of Nevada on October 28, 2014. We were originally incorporated to produce images on multiple
surfaces, such as glass, leather, plastic, ceramic, textile, and others using a 3D sublimation vacuum heat transfer machine. We no longer
pursue opportunities related to 3D printing positioning. On
December 28, 2016, we entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement (“SPA”) with Yingxi Industrial Chain Group Co., Ltd.
(“YICG”), which was incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Seychelles and principally engaged in garment
manufacture, where we agreed to acquire 100% of the equity interest in YICG and to issue two million five hundred thousand
(2,500,000) restricted common shares of the Company to former owners of YICG (after giving effect to all subsequent share splits, combinations or similar transactions). The completion of the SPA took place on September 25,
2017. Following the completion of the SPA, YICG’s business became our business. We
have a fiscal year-end of March 31. The business office is located at Kingkey 100, Block A, Room 4805, Luohu District, Shenzhen City,
China 518000. Our telephone number is +(86) 755 8233 0336. Current
Business We
(Addentax Group Corp.) are a Nevada holding company with no material operations of our own. We conduct substantially all of our
operations through our operating companies established in the PRC, primarily YX, our wholly owned subsidiary and its subsidiaries.
We are not a Chinese operating company. We are a holding company and do not directly own any substantive business operations in
China. Our holding company structure involves unique risks to investors. Chinese regulatory authorities could disallow our operating
structure, which would likely result in a material change in our operations and/or the value of our common stock, including that it
could cause the value of such securities to significantly decline or become worthless. Our holding company, Addentax Group Corp., is
listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol of “ATXG”. We classify our businesses into three main segments:
garment manufacturing, logistics services, and property management and subleasing. The Company previously engaged in the provision
of epidemic prevention supplies, which included manufacturing, distribution and trading of epidemic prevention supplies. As the
COVID-19 pandemic became an endemic, only the Company ceased to operate in this business in the first quarter of 2023. The remaining
assets of this business segment were reclassified into the “Corporate and others” segment. The corresponding items of
segment information for the earlier periods were restated to reflect the change of the new segment structure. Unless
the context otherwise requires, all references in this Form 10-K to “Addentax” refer to Addentax Group Corp., a holding
company, and references to “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Registrant”, the “Company,”
or “our company” refer to Addentax and/or its consolidated subsidiaries. Addentax Group Corp., our Nevada holding company,
is the entity in which investors are investing. Our
subsidiaries include (i) Yingxi Industrial Chain Group Co., Ltd., a Republic of Seychelles company; (ii) Yingxi HK; (iii) Qianhai
Yingxi Textile & Garments Co., Ltd., a PRC company; (iv) YX, (v) Dongguan Heng Sheng Wei Garments Co., Ltd, a PRC company
(“HSW”), (vi) Dongguan Yushang Clothing Co., Ltd, a PRC company (“YS”), (vii) Shenzhen Yingxi Peng Fa
Logistic Co., Ltd., a PRC company (“PF”); (viii) XKJ, (ix) Dongguan Au Te Si Garments Co., Ltd., a PRC company
(“AOT”), and (x) Dongguan Hongxiang Commercial Co., Ltd., a PRC company (“HX”). “PRC
Subsidiaries” refer to, collectively, (i) Qianhai Yingxi Textile & Garments Co., Ltd.; (ii) YX, (iii) HSW, (iv) YS; (v) PF; (vi) Shenzhen
Xin Kuai Jie Transportation Co., Ltd, a PRC company (“XKJ”), (vii) AOT,
and (viii) Dongguan Hongxiang Commercial Co., Ltd., a PRC company (“HX”). “WFOE”
refers to Qianhai Yingxi Textile & Garments Co., Ltd, a wholly foreign owned enterprise in China, which is indirectly wholly owned
by Addentax Group Corp. 7 Our
garment manufacturing business consists of sales made principally to wholesalers located in the PRC. We have our own manufacturing facilities,
with sufficient production capacity and skilled workers on production lines to ensure that we meet our high quality control standards
and timely meet the delivery requirements for our customers. We conduct our garment manufacturing operations through five wholly owned
subsidiaries, namely Dongguan Heng Sheng Wei Garments Co., Ltd (“HSW”), Dongguan Yushang Clothing Co., Ltd (“YS”)
and Dongguan Aotesi Garments Co., Ltd., (“AOT”), which are located in the Guangdong province, China. Our
logistics business consists of delivery and courier services covering 44 cities in 10 provinces and 2 municipalities in China. Although
we have our own motor vehicles and drivers, we currently outsource some of the business to our contractors. We believe outsourcing allows
us to maximize our capacity and maintain flexibility while reducing capital expenditures and the costs of keeping drivers during slow
seasons. We conduct our logistics operations through two wholly owned subsidiaries, namely Shenzhen Xin Kuai Jie Transportation Co., Ltd
(“XKJ”) and Shenzhen Yingxi Peng Fa Logistic Co., Ltd (“PF”), which are located in the Guangdong province, China. Our
property management and subleasing business provides shop subleasing and property management services for garment wholesalers and
retailers in the garment market. We currently have an aggregate of 56,238 square meters of floor space and provide approximately
1,300 shop spaces to clients. We conduct our property management and subleasing operation through a wholly owned subsidiary acquired
in September 2023, namely Dongguan Hongxiang Commercial Co., Ltd., a PRC company (“HX”), which is located in the
Guangdong province, China. Competitive
Strengths We
believe we have the following competitive strengths: Cost-effective
production. We have adopted a vertical integration production process. We produce garments in our own production facilities and employ
our in-house transport teams to deliver garments to our customers. This one-stop service optimizes production efficiency and saves costs
by lowering the cost per unit, thereby achieving economies of scale. Stringent
quality control process. As of March 31, 2025, we had 20 employees in the production department
that are responsible for conducting our quality control process. We implement a stringent quality control process which monitors various
stages of our garment manufacturing business, including sampling checks of semi-finished products and finished products. We prepare inspection
reports to address the quality problems and make recommendations to improve the quality of our products. During final product inspection,
we pay special attention to the measurements, workmanship, ironing and packaging of our products to help best ensure that the quality
of our products comply with the specifications, standards and requirements of our customers. Strong
design capabilities. Our design team works closely with our customers to understand their needs and make recommendations to them.
Our design team also conducts market research and attends industry exhibitions to understand the latest market trends. As of March 31,
2025, our design team consisted of 3  members. 8 Extensive
delivery network. Our logistics business has nine routes and covers 45 cities in 10 provinces and 2 municipalities in the PRC. Strategic
location and infrastructure. Our property management and subleasing business operates through Dongguan Hongxiang Commercial Co.,
Ltd. (HX), located in Guangdong province, China, which is a key area for the garment market. By securing a prime location and
developing a well-maintained infrastructure, we provide attractive and convenient spaces for garment wholesalers and retailers,
enhancing their operational efficiency and appeal to customers. Comprehensive
property services. We provide a wide range of property management services, including security, maintenance, and customer support,
to ensure a high standard of service for our tenants. This comprehensive solution helps to foster a favorable business environment for
garment wholesalers and retailers, enhancing tenant satisfaction and retentions. Business
Strategies Key
elements of our business and growth strategies include the following: Sales
of raw materials. We intend to enter into exclusive agreements with textile and garment suppliers in Southeast China to be their
exclusive agent and supply their textiles and garments to our customers. To execute this plan, we intend to set up several retailers
for the sales of textiles and garments to retail customers and supply the textiles and garments exclusively to various high-end fashion
brands. Development
of our own brands. We intend to develop our own brands that focus on fast fashion with teenagers being our primary target customers.
We plan to adopt a low-cost strategy at the early stage and improve the quality of our products after increasing our market share. We
are in the process of registering a trademark for our own brand and intend to start our advertising campaign after the registration of
this trademark. We plan to distribute our products in different channels, including our own retailers, co-operative retailers and franchisees. Expand
our delivery network. As of March 31, 2025, we provided logistics services to over 45 cities in 10 provinces and 2 municipalities
in the PRC. We expect to develop 20 additional logistics routes in existing serving cities and improve the Company’s profits in
the year 2025. Develop
international logistics services and warehousing services. We intend to develop international logistics services for customers located
all over the world and international warehousing services. Develop
E-commerce business. We integrated resources in shopping malls and we intend to develop e-commerce bases and the internet celebrity
economy together to increase the value of the stores in the area. Enhance
tenant experience through value-added services. We aim to offer a range of value-added services to our tenants, including property
maintenance, marketing support, and business consulting. These services are designed to help tenants improve their business operations,
attract more customers, and increase their profitability, thereby enhancing tenant retention and satisfaction. Develop
digital solutions for property management. We plan to implement advanced digital solutions to streamline our property management
processes. This includes the use of property management software for lease administration, tenant communication, and maintenance scheduling.
By leveraging technology, we aim to improve operational efficiency and provide a seamless experience for our tenants. Leverage
data analytics for informed decision-making. We plan to utilize data analytics to gain insights into market trends, tenant preferences,
and property performance. By analyzing this data, we can make informed decisions on property acquisitions, rental pricing, and tenant
services, ultimately optimizing our property management and subleasing operations. Enhance
customer service and support. We intend to improve our customer service and support by providing dedicated tenant support teams and
implementing tenant feedback mechanisms. Exceptional customer service will help build strong relationships with tenants and improve overall
satisfaction. 9 Our
garment manufacturing business We
manufacture garments for various high-end fashion brands through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, HSW, YS, AOT, which are located in Guangdong
province, the PRC. Operations Our
customer relationship team is responsible for cultivating and maintaining our relationship with customers. Our
design team works closely with our customer relationship team to understand our customers’ needs and make recommendations to them
based on their designs. Our
fabric team leverages our experience in fabric sourcing as well as our understanding of fabric features to recommend the types of fabric
to be used in our customers’ products. Our fabric team may also suggest alternative fabrics to our customers. Our fabric team works
with our research and development team to understand fabric types and aims to identify different fabric we source and improve the quality
and comfort of the fabric we produce. Our
product and technical team are mainly responsible for development samples of products, preparing structural and production guidance of
products as well as producing paper patterns for our garment production team. Upon order confirmation from our customers, our customer
relationship team informs our fabric team to carry out raw material sourcing. We
source finished fabric and yarns from our suppliers for garment production. The procedures for fabric production are normally divided
into the following stages: (i) spinning; (ii) weaving or knitting; (iii) dyeing or printing; and (iv) finishing. Generally, our fabric
team requires four to six weeks to source raw materials from our suppliers. Our
garment production team is responsible for producing garments based on the raw materials we source. The major stages involved in garment
production include: (i) paper patterning; (ii) fabric cutting; (iii) sewing; (iv) interim quality inspection; (v) trimming; (vi) washing;
and (vii) ironing. Seasonality We
generally receive more purchase orders during our second and third quarters and fewer manufacture orders during May and June. Credit
period For
our long-term and established customers with good payment track records, we generally provide payment terms between 30 to 180 days following
the delivery of finished goods. For our new customers, we generally require advances or deposits to be made when placing orders. Our
logistics business We
pack products and provide logistics service to our customers through our wholly-owned subsidiaries, XKJ and PF which are located in Guangdong
province, the PRC. Our in-house logistics teams deliver to approximately 10 provinces and 2 municipalities in the PRC. Where
a customer is located in an area not covered by our delivery fleet or where our in-house logistics teams are fully engaged, we will outsource
delivery to third-party contractors. We believe outsourcing allows us to maximize our delivery capacity and improve inventory flexibility
while minimizing capital expenditures, such as shipping costs and the costs of additional drivers during low seasons. 10 Our
logistics services We
provide comprehensive logistics services to our customers, which include storage, transportation, warehousing, handling, packaging and
order processing. We also provide customs declaration and tax clearance services to our customers who export goods overseas. Our
network We
have 114 logistics points and they are located in 10 provinces and 2 municipalities which cover 45 cities in the PRC. Our
internal management Our
management in the logistics business is responsible for setting out business strategies and managing the daily operation. Specifically,
they have regular meetings with different departments, conduct inspections and supervise the finance department, operation department
and administration department. Seasonality We
generally receive more delivery orders in our third and fourth quarters and are more vulnerable to shipping delays in the PRC during
the Chinese New Year due to traffic and port congestion, border crossing delays and customs clearance issues. Credit
period We
generally require payments from the customers between 30 to 90 days following their acknowledgement of receipt of goods. Customers
and Suppliers Customers Our
customer base is diverse. Our customers are as follows: (i) our customers in the garment manufacturing business are mainly garment
wholesalers and retailers, (ii) our customers in the logistics business are mainly trading companies and logistic companies, and
(iii) our customers in the property management and subleasing business are manufacturing companies and e-commerce companies. There
were two customers that accounted for more than 10% of our net sales for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. Suppliers We
procure our garments through various textile companies in our garment manufacturing business. For our logistics business, we procure
from packing companies and transportation companies. For our property management and subleasing business, our suppliers are property
owners. There was one supplier that accounted for more than 10% of our total cost for both years ended March 31, 2025 and
2024. Inventory Garment
manufacturing business . We maintain our raw materials in our storage facilities. We review our inventory levels in order to identify
slow-moving materials and broken assortments. Logistics
business . Since we deliver products as soon as we receive orders from customers, we do not operate distribution centers and hence
do not need to carry a significant amount of inventory. Our
property management and subleasing business. We do not need to carry a significant amount of inventory due to the nature of the business. Intellectual
Property The
Company, through its subsidiary YX, received the approval
of the trademarks below in relation to its business from PRC government. 11 Competition While
the PRC is still the world’s largest clothing manufacturer with enormous production capacity, oversupply, increasing labor costs
and rising local protectionism have eroded its competitiveness. The
principal competitive factors in the garment manufacturing market include: ● brand
    awareness and focus; ● breadth
    of product offerings; and ● quality
    control. The
principal competitive factors in the logistics market include: ● delivery
    time; and ● network
    coverage. The
principal competitive factors in the property management and subleasing market include: ● Cost
    control; and ● network
    coverage. We
believe we compete favorably with our competitors on the basis of the above factors as a result of our market position and customer base.
By offering one-stop-shop services and affordable price points, we provide services to our customers that are difficult for other competitors
to address. Employees As
of March 31, 2025, we had approximately 112 employees and there was no labor union established by our employees. The following table
sets out a breakdown of the number of employees by function as of March 31, 2025: Function Number
                                            of employees Administration 20 Finance 10 Logistics 7 Marketing 6 Operation 30 Productive 20 Total 112 12 According
to PRC regulations, we must participate in various employee social security plans organized by local governments, including pension,
unemployment insurance, childbirth insurance, work-related injury insurance, medical insurance and housing insurance. We are also required
under PRC law to contribute to employee benefit plans at specified percentages of the salaries, bonuses and certain allowances of our
employees, up to a maximum amount specified by the local government from time to time. We
believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and to date we have not experienced any significant labor disputes. Recent
Developments Company
investment On
January 8, 2025, we entered into that certain securities purchase agreement (the “Agreement”) to purchase 3,750,000
shares of common stock, $0.001 par value per share (“Well Common Stock”), of Well Information Technology Corporation
(“Well InfoTech”), a company incorporated in the State of Nevada, for a total cash consideration of USD $750,000 (the
“Shares”). The Shares would constitute approximately 2.5% of the number of shares of Well Common Stock of Well InfoTech
immediately prior to the issuance of such Shares. Supply
Chian Development On
November 21, 2024, we signed a memorandum of understanding (the “MOU”) with Shenzhen Yingbin Brand Development Co., Ltd.
(“Yingbin Brand”), to establish the foundation for a nationwide strategic collaboration between the two companies which aims
to enhance company’s brand supply chain, product supply chain, and marketing supply chain services in China. Government
Regulations The
PRC government has corresponding industrial regulatory measures and policies for garment manufacturing business, logistics business and
property management and subleasing business. Our PRC subsidiaries currently comply with these regulatory requirements and have not received
any action from industry regulators for conduct of their business. The PRC government may, however, from time to time institute rules
and regulations on such businesses which makes it difficult or impossible for us to operate successfully, if at all, in the PRC. Please
see the section on “

