TICKER: AXS
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain bottlenecks) is reshaping global trade. Many European countries face ongoing fiscal challenges, raising concerns about debt sustainability, and political instability. Other disputes including the war in Ukraine and tensions in the Middle East are expected to continue into 2026. In Latin America, political instability in certain countries, including Venezuela, may further amplify regional uncertainty and affect the global credit and political risk environment. Uncertainty over tariffs could lead to increasing cost of claims, such as rebuild costs in property damage or the value of cargo in marine. Even in cases where we attempt to exclude losses from terrorism and certain other similar risks from some coverages written by us, there can be no assurance that a court or arbitration panel will interpret policy language or otherwise issue a ruling favorable to us. Accordingly, we can offer no assurance that our loss reserves will be adequate to cover losses should they materialize beyond expectation. We have limited terrorism coverage in our own reinsurance program for our exposure to catastrophe losses related to acts of terrorism. On December 20, 2019, the President of the United States signed the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019 ("TRIP"), extending the program through December 31, 2027. Although TRIP provides benefits in the event of certain acts of terrorism, those benefits are subject to a deductible and to other limitations. Under TRIP, once losses attributable to certain acts of terrorism exceed 20% of direct commercial property and liability insurance premiums for the preceding calendar year, the federal government will reimburse insurers for 80% of losses in excess of this deductible. Notably, TRIP does not provide coverage for reinsurance losses. Given the unpredictable frequency and severity of terrorism losses, as well as the limited terrorism coverage in our own reinsurance program, future losses from acts of terrorism could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity in future periods. Our credit and political risk insurance line of business protects insureds with interests in foreign jurisdictions in the event that governmental action prevents them from exercising their contractual rights, and may also protect their assets against physical damage perils. The insurance provided may include cover for losses arising from expropriation, forced abandonment, license cancellation, trade embargo, contract frustration, non-payment, war on land or political violence (including terrorism, revolution, insurrection and civil unrest). Our credit and political risk line of business also provides non-payment coverage on specific loan obligations. We insure sovereign non-payment and corporate non-payment as a result of commercial as well as political risk events. The vast majority of the corporate non-payment credit insurance provided is for single-named illiquid risks, primarily in the form of senior bank loans that can be individually analyzed and underwritten. Generally, we do not underwrite insurance for structured finance products that would expose us to mark-to-market losses. In addition, our credit insurance contracts typically do not include terms which would introduce liquidity risk, most notably in the form of a collateralization requirement upon a ratings downgrade. We also manage our exposure by, among other things, setting credit limits by country, region, industry and individual counterparty, and regularly reviewing our aggregate exposures. However, due to globalization, political instability in one region can spread to other regions. Geopolitical uncertainty regarding a variety of domestic and international matters, such as the U.S. political and regulatory environment and the potential for default by U.S., Canadian or by one or more European sovereign debt issuers, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, investment portfolio, financial condition or liquidity. 31 We may be adversely impacted by economic and social inflation. Our operations, like those of other insurers and reinsurers, are susceptible to the effects of economic and social inflation because premiums are established before actual losses and loss expenses are known. Although we consider the potential effects of economic and social inflation when setting premium rates, premiums may not fully offset the effects of inflation and thus may not adequately underwrite the risks we insure and reinsure. Loss reserves include assumptions about future payments for settlement of claims and claims-handling expenses. To the extent economic and social inflation causes costs to increase above loss reserves established for claims, we will be required to increase loss reserves with a corresponding reduction in net income in the period in which the deficiency is identified, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Unanticipated higher economic inflation could also lead to higher interest rates, which would negatively impact the value of our fixed income securities and potentially other investments. In addition, to the extent that unanticipated higher economic inflation in different geographies leads to currency fluctuations, we may also experience increased volatility on foreign exchange gains and losses. Global climate change, and increasing regulation relating to climate change, may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. We are potentially exposed to different aspects of climate risk, specifically, physical, credit, investment, liability and transition risks, as a result of climate change. Physical risks include weather-related events and longer-term shifts in climate patterns and emanate primarily from the underwriting of property insurance and reinsurance. Climate change has added to the unpredictability and frequency of natural disasters in certain parts of the world and has created additional uncertainty as to future trends and exposures. Climate change is likely to expose us to an increased frequency and/or severity of weather-related losses, and there is a risk that our pricing of these perils or our management of the associated aggregations does not appropriately allow for changes in climate. Over the longer term, climate change may have an impact on the economic viability of certain lines of business if suitable adjustments in price and coverage cannot be achieved, as our insureds cannot sustain paying higher premiums. Additionally, catastrophic events and the effects of climate change could result in increased credit exposure to reinsurers and other counterparties with whom we transact business, declines in the value of investments we hold and disruptions to our physical infrastructure, systems, networks and operations. Changes in security asset prices such as real estate, stocks and long-term bonds may impact the value of our investments, resulting in realized or unrealized losses on our invested assets. Climate-related risks to security asset prices can include, but are not limited to: (i) changes in supply/demand characteristics for fossil fuels (e.g., coal, oil, natural gas); (ii) advances in low-carbon technology and renewable energy development; (iii) effects of extreme weather events on the physical and operational exposure of issuers; and the (iv) transition that these companies make towards addressing climate risk in their own businesses. We may also be exposed to liability risks. Liability risks relate to losses or damages suffered by our insureds from physical or transition risks, such as losses stemming from climate-related litigation in liability lines. These risks could arise from management and boards of directors not fully considering or responding to the impacts of climate change, or not appropriately disclosing current and future risks. In addition, new regulatory developments, increased litigation activity and subsequent liability issues associated with climate change or greenhouse gas emissions may lead to losses under environmental liability, product liability and directors and officers or professional liability, particularly where the emitter is deemed to have misled investors. In addition, there is a link between liability risk and transition risk as the failure of companies to shift towards a low-carbon future and mitigate the impacts of climate change may lead to losses incurred by insureds. There is additionally a risk that certain elements of our business cease to be viable as a result of climate change transition risks, which relate to losses driven by policy, legal, technological, and market changes to address climate risks and include changes in consumer behavior, shareholder preferences, and any additional regulatory and legislative requirements, such as carbon taxes. Through its fossil fuel policy, AXIS Capital has committed to fully phasing out thermal coal from its insurance and facultative reinsurance portfolios no later than 2030 in OECD countries and the EU, and no later than 2040 globally. If we are unable to achieve our objectives relating to climate change or our current response to climate change is perceived to be ineffective or insufficient, or the way we respond is perceived negatively, our business and reputation may suffer. In addition, there remains a risk that our financial condition or operating performance may be impacted by changes in our 32 business model arising from climate change transition and by the performance of strategies we put in place to manage this transition. We are also subject to complex and changing laws, regulations and public policy debates relating to climate change and other environmental risks, including overlapping, yet distinct, climate change-related disclosure requirements in multiple jurisdictions. These are difficult to predict and quantify, may conflict with one another, and may impose additional costs on us, which in turn could have an adverse impact on our business. The introduction of the Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive ("CSRD") together with the EU Taxonomy Regulation, albeit postponed, are the central components of the sustainability reporting requirements underpinning the EU’s sustainable finance strategy. This directive, along with other current or proposed regulations, could significantly increase compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity. While the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Climate Regulations (issued March 6, 2024) have been paused and the SEC voted on March 27, 2025 to end its defense of climate disclosure rules, there is potential for additional disclosure requirements should these or similar regulations be implemented. There is also a risk that regulators in certain states may develop their own enhanced reporting requirements. Changes in regulations relating to climate change or our own leadership decisions implemented as a result of assessing the impact of climate change on our business may result in an increase in the cost of doing business or a decrease in premiums. The effects of emerging claim and/or coverage issues on our business are uncertain. As industry practices and legal, judicial, social, political, technological and other environmental conditions change, unexpected issues related to systemic risks, claims and coverage may emerge. These issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the frequency and/or severity of claims. For example, the 2008 global financial crisis resulted in a higher level of claim activity on professional lines insurance and reinsurance business. Moreover, legislative, regulatory, judicial or social influences may impose new obligations on insurers or reinsurers that extend coverage beyond the intended contractual obligations, or result in an increase in the frequency or severity of claims beyond expected levels, for example as described in the climate change risk factor. In some instances, the effects of these changes may not become apparent until after we have issued the impacted insurance or reinsurance contracts. In addition, actual losses may vary materially from the current estimate of losses based on a number of factors (refer to ' If actual claims exceed loss reserves, our financial results could be adversely affected' below). As a result, the full extent of liability under an insurance or reinsurance contract may not be known for many years after the contract is issued and a loss occurs and may result in reserve increases over time. If actual claims exceed loss reserves, our financial results could be adversely affected. While we believe that loss reserves at December 31, 2025 are adequate, new information, events or circumstances, may lead to future developments in ultimate losses being significantly greater or less than the loss reserves currently provided. The actual final cost of settling claims outstanding at December 31, 2025, as well as claims expected to arise from the unexpired period of risk, is uncertain. There are many factors that would cause ultimate loss estimates to increase or decrease, which include, but are not limited to, changes in claim severity, changes in the expected level of reported claims, judicial action changing the scope and/or liability of coverage, changes in the legislative, regulatory, social and economic environment and unexpected changes in loss inflation. When establishing our single point best estimate of loss reserves at December 31, 2025, management considered actuarial estimates and applied informed judgment regarding qualitative factors that may not be fully captured in actuarial estimates. Such factors included, but were not limited to, an examination of trend assumptions, the timing of the emergence of claims, volume and complexity of claims, current social and judicial trends, potential severity of individual claims and the extent of internal historical loss data versus new industry information. Changes to previous estimates of prior year loss reserves can adversely impact the reported calendar year underwriting results if loss reserves prove to be insufficient, or can favorably impact reported results if loss reserves prove to be higher than actual claim payments. If net income is insufficient to absorb a required increase in loss reserves, we would incur a net loss and could incur a reduction in capital. 33 The failure of our loss limitation strategy could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. We seek to mitigate loss exposure through multiple methods and review our compliance with management's and the Board of Directors' risk limits on a quarterly basis. For example, we write a number of reinsurance contracts on an excess of loss basis. Excess of loss reinsurance indemnifies the reinsured for losses in excess of a specified amount. We generally limit the line size for each client and line of business on our insurance business and purchase both proportional and non-proportional reinsurance for many of our lines of business. On an account by account basis, we may also put in place facultative reinsurance to limit specific exposures. We also seek to limit our loss exposure through geographic diversification. Geographic zone limitations involve significant underwriting judgments, including the determination of the area of the zones and the inclusion of a particular policy within a particular zone’s limits. In addition, various provisions of our insurance policies and reinsurance contracts, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage or choice of forum negotiated to limit our risks, may not be enforceable in the manner we intend. These reinsurance loss limitation techniques are applicable on a retrocessional basis, where we also seek to limit losses coming through our reinsurance segment. We cannot be sure that these loss limitation methods will effectively prevent a material loss exposure, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. If we choose to purchase reinsurance, we may be unable to do so on favorable terms or at all. We purchase reinsurance for our insurance and reinsurance operations in order to mitigate the volatility of losses on our financial results. From time to time, market conditions have limited, and in some cases have prevented, insurers and reinsurers from obtaining the types and amounts of reinsurance that they consider adequate for their business needs. There is no guarantee that our desired amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance will be available in the marketplace in the future. In the current environment, our ability to renew our current reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance arrangements or obtain desired amounts of new or replacement coverage on favorable terms may be substantially reduced as a result of the impact of inflation, industry catastrophic losses to reinsurer capital and the appetite for certain lines of business. In addition to capacity risk, the remaining capacity may not be on terms we deem appropriate or acceptable or with companies with whom we want to do business. If we are unable to renew our current reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance or purchase new or replacement coverage on favorable terms or at all, the amount of business we are willing to write may be limited or our protection from large loss events may be materially reduced. We utilize models to assist our decision making in key areas such as underwriting, reserving, investment management, capital assessment, risk management, reinsurance purchasing and the evaluation of our catastrophe risk, and we could be adversely impacted if these models are inadequate or unfit for the purpose for which they are being used. We employ various modeling techniques (for example, scenarios, predictive, stochastic and/or forecasting) to analyze and estimate exposures and risks associated with our assets and liabilities. We utilize modeled outputs and related analyses to assist us in decision-making, for example, related to underwriting and pricing, reserving, investment, capital assessment, risk management, reinsurance purchasing and the evaluation of our catastrophe risk through estimates of probable maximum losses, or "PMLs". The modeled outputs and related analyses, both from proprietary and third-party models, are subject to various assumptions, professional judgment, uncertainties and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis, including the use and quality of historical internal and industry data. These models may turn out to be inadequate representations of the underlying subject matter, including as a result of inaccurate inputs or application thereof (whether due to data error, human error or otherwise). Further, to the extent we incorporate automation and machine learning as part of our modeling process, this may lead to heightened risk as the outputs may be unintentionally deficient, inaccurate or misleading. Consequently, actual losses from loss events, whether from individual components (for example, wind, flood, earthquake, etc.) or in the aggregate, may differ materially from modeled results. If, based upon these models or other factors, we misprice our products or underestimate the frequency and/or severity of loss events, our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity may be adversely affected. In addition, PMLs are based on results of stochastic models that consider a wide range of possible events, their losses and probabilities. It is important to consider that stochastic events are not an exact representation of actual events. Thus, an actual event does not necessarily resemble one of the stochastic events, and the specific characteristics of the actual event can lead to substantial differences between actual and modelled losses. 34 With respect to the evaluation of our catastrophe risk, our modeling utilizes a mix of historical data, scientific theory and mathematical methods. Output from multiple commercially available vendor models serves as a key input in our PML estimation process. We believe that there is considerable inherent uncertainty in the data and parameter inputs for these vendor models. In that regard, there is no universal standard in the preparation of insured data for use in the models and the running of modeling software. In our view, the accuracy of the models depends heavily on the availability of detailed insured loss data from actual recent large catastrophes. Due to the limited number of events, there is significant potential for substantial differences between the modeled loss estimate and actual experience for a single large catastrophe event. This potential difference could be even greater for perils with limited or no modeled annual frequency. We perform our own vendor model validation (including sensitivity analysis and backtesting, where possible) and supplement model output with historical loss information and analysis and management judgment. In addition, we derive our own estimates for non-modeled perils. Despite this, our PML estimates are subject to a high degree of uncertainty, and actual losses from catastrophe events may differ materially. We could be materially adversely affected if managing general agents, general agents, coverholders, other producers, and third-party administrators in our program business exceed their underwriting and/or claims settlement authorities or otherwise breach obligations owed to us. In program business conducted by the insurance segment, following our underwriting, financial, claims and information technology due diligence reviews, we authorize managing general agents, general agents, coverholders and other producers to write business and settle claims on our behalf within prescribed authorities. Once a program/coverholder commences, we must rely on the underwriting, operational and claims controls of these entities to write business within the authorities provided by us. Although we monitor and audit our programs/coverholders on an ongoing basis, our efforts may not be adequate or these entities may exceed their underwriting or claims settlement authorities or otherwise breach obligations owed to us. To the extent that these entities exceed their authorities or otherwise breach obligations owed to us in the future, our results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Strategic Risk Strategic risks affect or are created by an organization’s business strategy and strategic objectives. Our review of strategic risk evaluates not only internal and external challenges that might cause our chosen strategy to fail but also evaluates major risks that could affect our long-term performance and position. Competition and consolidation in the insurance/reinsurance industry could reduce our growth and profitability. The insurance/reinsurance industry is highly competitive. We compete on an international and regional basis with major U.S., Bermuda, European and other international insurers and reinsurers, including Lloyd's syndicates, some of which have greater financial, marketing and management resources. We also compete with new companies that enter the insurance/reinsurance markets. In addition, capital market participants have created alternative products that are intended to compete with insurance and reinsurance products. New and alternative capital inflows in the insurance/reinsurance industry and the retention by insured and cedants of more business may cause an excess supply of insurance and reinsurance capital. There is also a continued large amount of merger and acquisition activity in the insurance/reinsurance sector, and we may experience increased competition as a result of that consolidation with consolidated entities having enhanced market power. Increased competition could result in fewer submissions, lower premium rates, less favorable policy terms and conditions leading to more claims and greater costs of customer acquisition and retention. If industry pricing does not meet our hurdle rate, we may reduce our future underwriting activities. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our growth and profitability. Our business depends on keeping pace with technological developments. The insurance industry is undergoing extensive technological change. There is increasing focus by traditional insurance industry participants, technology companies, including new insurance technology companies ("InsurTech") and others, on using technology and innovation (including artificial intelligence, digital platforms, data analytics, and robotics) to disrupt and/or enhance current business models and operations. In particular, implementation of artificial intelligence to enhance efficiency is perceived as a top factor for insurance companies to maintain or increase their market position in the long-term.  If we do not adapt to these technological changes, it could harm our ability to compete, which could have a material adverse impact on our growth or profitability. However, the extensive use of technology and artificial intelligence can also bring risks such as operational failures due to these technologies not operating as expected, as well as reputational and compliance issues if we do not embed controls and comply with regulations to manage new innovations. Innovation and technological change could also result in increasing expenses as we make investments to innovate our products and services. Third-party or partner use of AI models could also heighten our vulnerability to data breaches, regulatory issues, and operational disruptions. 35 Global economic conditions could adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. The global economic environment could be impacted by inflationary pressures; fiscal or monetary policies; uncertainty concerning the future path of interest rates; the effect of social, economic, and political conditions and geopolitical events; the implementation of tariffs and other protectionist trade policies; and the possibility of a recession, government shutdowns, debt ceilings, and funding. During 2022 and the first half of 2023, inflation reached and stayed unusually high in many parts of the world, and central banks in the U.S. and other countries raised interest rates to counter inflation by slowing economic activity. While during 2024 and 2025 the U.S. Federal Reserve slowly lowered interest rates, uncertainty and market turmoil has affected and may in the future affect, among other aspects of our business, the demand for and claims made under our products, the ability of customers, counterparties and others to establish or maintain their relationships with us, our ability to access and efficiently use internal and external capital resources and our investment performance and portfolio. We also provide coverage to the mortgage industry through insurance and reinsurance of mortgage insurance companies and U.S. government sponsored entity credit risk sharing transactions, and deteriorating economic conditions could cause mortgage insurance losses to increase and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. In addition, steps taken by central banks to control inflation and/or governments to stabilize financial markets and improve economic conditions may be ineffective, and actual or anticipated efforts to continue to unwind some of such steps could disrupt financial markets and/or could adversely impact the value of our investment portfolio. Increases in interest rates would decrease unrealized gains and/or increase unrealized losses on our debt securities portfolio, partially offset by our ability to earn higher rates of return on reinvested funds. A higher inflation environment could lead to even higher interest rates, which would negatively impact the value of our existing fixed income or other investments. Given the ongoing global economic uncertainties, evolving market conditions may continue to affect our results of operations, financial condition, and capital resources. In the event that there is deterioration or volatility in financial markets or general economic conditions, our results of operations, financial condition, capital resources, and competitive landscape could be materially and adversely affected. In connection with the implementation of our corporate strategies, we face risks associated with the acquisition or disposition of businesses, the entry into new lines of business, the integration of acquired businesses and the growth and development of these businesses. As part of our strategy, we have pursued and may continue to pursue growth through acquisitions, or we may dispose of or exit businesses we currently own. The success of this strategy is dependent upon our ability to identify appropriate acquisition and disposition targets, negotiate transactions on favorable terms, complete transactions and, in the case of acquisitions, successfully integrate them into our existing businesses. If a proposed transaction is not consummated, the time and resources spent in researching it could adversely result in missed opportunities to locate and acquire other businesses. In addition, the negotiation of potential acquisitions as well as the integration of an acquired business or new personnel could result in a substantial diversion of management resources. Successful integration may depend on, among other things, our ability to effectively integrate acquired businesses or new personnel into our existing risk management and financial and operational reporting systems, our ability to effectively manage any regulatory issues created by our entry into new markets and geographic locations, our ability to retain key personnel and other operational and economic factors. There can be no assurance that the integration of acquired businesses or new personnel will be successful, or that we will realize anticipated synergies, cost savings and operational efficiencies, or that the business acquired will prove to be profitable or sustainable. Acquisitions could involve numerous additional risks such as potential losses from unanticipated litigation, levels of claims and an inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition costs. Failure to manage these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If we dispose of or otherwise exit certain businesses, there can be no assurance that we will not incur certain disposition related charges, or that we will be able to reduce overhead related to the divested assets. From time to time, either through acquisitions or internal development, we may enter new lines of business or offer new products and services within existing lines of business. These new lines of business or new products and services may present additional risks, particularly in instances where the markets are not fully developed. Such risks include the investment of significant time and resources; the possibility that these efforts will not be successful, or that we are unable to retain clients; and the risk of additional liabilities associated with these efforts. Failure to manage these risks in the development of new lines of businesses could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 36 Regulators’ concerns relating to corporate substance may have an adverse impact on us. AXIS operates in multiple jurisdictions, and utilizes a shared services model in order to optimize its resources. This leads to members of staff providing services to AXIS entities in various jurisdictions on a cross-border basis. Many jurisdictions have in place minimum corporate substance requirements, such as Bermuda's Economic Substance Act 2018 and its accompanying regulations. AXIS monitors its corporate substance in Bermuda closely to ensure it continues to meet these requirements. Similar requirements are in place in other jurisdictions, such as in Europe, where in February 2023, European Insurance and Occupational Pensions Authority ("EIOPA") issued a Supervisory Statement addressing the use of governance arrangements in third countries (e.g. the U.K. post-Brexit) by EU insurers. Lloyd’s accesses the EU market through its Belgium based insurance company, Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A., which has a third country branch in the U.K. In Belgium, the National Bank of Belgium has not yet made any public announcement regarding the EIOPA Supervisory Statement. As Lloyd's is a key platform for AXIS, a change to the status quo by the National Bank of Belgium could impact Lloyd’s Insurance Company S.A., and consequently AXIS Managing Agency. This would potentially limit AXIS' ability to access the EEA market through the Lloyd's platform. We continue to monitor this situation closely. In addition, failure to comply with the economic substance rules in Bermuda can result in fines, penalties and, in severe cases, deregistration, with similar penalties possible in Ireland. Since we depend on a few brokers for a large portion of our revenues, loss of business provided by any one of them could have a material adverse effect on our business. We market our insurance and reinsurance products worldwide primarily through insurance and reinsurance brokers and derive a significant portion of our business from a limited number of brokers. Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc., Aon plc., and Arthur J. Gallagher & Co. provided 37% of gross premiums written in 2025. Our relationships with our brokers are based on the quality of our underwriting and claims services, as well as our financial strength ratings. Any deterioration in these factors could result in the brokers advising our clients to place their business with other insurers and reinsurers. In addition, our brokers also have, or may in the future acquire, ownership interests in insurance and reinsurance companies that may compete with us. These brokers may then favor their own insurers and reinsurers over us. Loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by one or more of these brokers could have a material adverse effect on our business. A downgrade in our financial strength or credit ratings by one or more rating agencies could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. Financial strength, claims paying and credit ratings are important factors in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies and maintaining customer confidence in us and in our ability to market insurance products. Independent rating agencies analyze the financial performance and condition of insurers on an ongoing basis. We have experienced, and there can be no assurance that we will not experience in the future, a ratings downgrade or other negative action from one of the independent rating agencies. This could arise from a change in our financial performance, our financial condition or a change in ratings methodology. Ratings agencies may also heighten the level of scrutiny they apply when analyzing companies in our industry, adjust upward the capital and other requirements employed in their models and/or discontinue credit and debt instruments or other structures deployed for maintenance of certain rating levels. A downgrade, withdrawal or negative watch/outlook by any independent rating agency could cause our competitive position in the insurance/reinsurance industry to suffer and make it more difficult for us to market our products. In addition, if we experience a credit rating downgrade, withdrawal or negative watch/outlook in the future, we could incur higher borrowing costs and may have more limited means to access capital. A downgrade, withdrawal or negative watch/outlook could also result in a substantial loss of business for us, as ceding companies and brokers that place such business may move to other insurers and reinsurers with higher ratings. We would also be required to post collateral under the terms of certain of our policies of reinsurance. 37 We may require additional capital in the future, which may not be available or may only be available on unfavorable terms. Our future capital requirements depend on many factors, including rating agency and regulatory requirements, the performance of our investment portfolio, our ability to write new business successfully, the frequency and severity of catastrophe events and our ability to establish premium rates and loss reserves at levels sufficient to cover losses. We may need to raise additional funds through financings. If we are unable to do so, it may curtail our ability to conduct our business. Any equity or debt financing, if available at all, may be on terms that are not favorable to us. As economic and market uncertainty continues, it is possible that access to the capital markets may become more constrained and cost of capital may increase. Equity financings could be dilutive to our existing shareholders and could result in the issuance of securities that have rights, preferences and privileges that are senior to those of our other securities. If we cannot obtain adequate capital on favorable terms or at all, our business, operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our inability to obtain the necessary credit could adversely affect our ability to offer reinsurance in certain markets. Neither AXIS Specialty Bermuda nor AXIS Re SE is licensed or admitted as an insurer or reinsurer in any jurisdiction other than Bermuda, Ireland, Singapore and Brazil. Because the U.S. and certain other jurisdictions do not permit insurance companies to take credit on their statutory financial statements for reinsurance obtained from unlicensed or non-admitted insurers unless appropriate security mechanisms are in place, our reinsurance clients in these jurisdictions typically require AXIS Specialty Bermuda and AXIS Re SE to provide letters of credit or other collateral, unless such reinsures have obtained reciprocal jurisdiction reinsurer status in the reinsured's domiciliary state. Our credit facilities are used to post letters of credit. However, if our credit facilities are not sufficient or if we are unable to renew our credit facilities or arrange for other types of security on commercially affordable terms, AXIS Specialty Bermuda and AXIS Re SE could be limited in their ability to write business for some of our clients. We could be adversely affected by turnover of senior management, the loss of one or more key executives, an inability to attract and retain qualified personnel or by the inability of an executive to obtain a Bermuda work permit. Our ability to execute our strategy depends on attracting, developing, and retaining highly qualified talent. Loss of key executives or specialists, or failure to recruit successors, could impair our risk selection, pricing discipline, and operational continuity. We face intense competition for talent from insurers, financial services firms, and technology companies. Competitors may offer higher compensation, more flexible work arrangements, or enhanced career opportunities. Evolving employee expectations for remote work and enhanced benefits may limit our access to talent if we cannot offer competitive arrangements. Immigration and work permit restrictions in Bermuda and other jurisdictions may delay or prevent us from employing expatriate executives and specialists. Regulatory changes in compensation governance, taxation, or pay transparency laws may increase costs or limit flexibility in structuring packages. Our specialty lines require continuous upskilling in cyber risk, pricing analytics, and catastrophe modeling. Failure to recruit or retain talent with these skills could materially affect our competitiveness and risk management. There is no guarantee that we will always be able to successfully identify, hire, develop, or retain the talent in all of our disciplines. Any of these risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. With few exceptions, generally only Bermudians, spouses of Bermudians or Permanent Resident Certificate holders (collectively, "Residents") may engage in any gainful occupation in Bermuda without an appropriate governmental work permit. Work permits may be granted or extended by the Bermuda government only upon showing that, after proper public advertisement (in most cases), no Residents who meet the minimum standard requirements for the advertised position have applied for the position. Work permits are generally granted for one-, three- or five-year durations. Expatriate workers can, subject to the above, continue to be employed in Bermuda indefinitely by reapplying for work permits. While all executives who periodically work in our Bermuda office and who require work permits have obtained them, there is no guarantee that we will be able to obtain them in the future. 38 Increasing scrutiny and evolving expectations from investors, customers, regulators, policymakers and other stakeholders regarding environmental, social and governance matters may adversely affect our reputation or adversely impact our share price, demand for our securities and business and results of operations. Investors, customers, regulators, policymakers and other stakeholders have placed increased importance on environmental, social and governance ("ESG") practices and disclosures. Certain institutional investors, investor advocacy groups, investment funds, creditors and other influential financial markets participants have become increasingly focused on companies' ESG practices and disclosures when evaluating their investments and business relationships. The heightened and sometimes conflicting stakeholder focus on ESG issues requires the continuous monitoring of evolving laws, regulations, standards and expectations, as well as  associated reporting requirements. In addition, regulators have adopted and likely will continue to adopt pro- or anti-ESG-related rules and guidance, which may conflict and impose additional compliance costs. Pressure from key stakeholders to comply with voluntary ESG initiatives or frameworks could also require substantial investments, which could negatively impact our operating results. ESG encompasses a wide range of issues, including climate change, environmental risks, inclusion and governance standards. We cannot predict whether our business decisions, strategy and disclosures relating to ESG issues will meet the expectations or requirements of relevant stakeholders, including key institutional shareholders. If we publicly disclose goals or initiatives regarding ESG matters, we could fail, or we could be perceived to fail, in our achievement of such goals or initiatives, or we could be criticized for their scope. This could result in adverse publicity, reputational harm, or loss of customer and/or investor confidence, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases and efforts to mitigate their spread have had, and could in the future have, widespread impacts on the way we operate. The spread of COVID-19 and mitigating measures caused unprecedented disruptions to the global economy and normal business operations across sectors and countries, including the sectors and countries in which we operate. Future pandemics or other outbreaks of contagious diseases may result in similar or worse economic implications and disruptions. Market Risk Market risk is the risk that our financial instruments, which include derivatives, may be negatively impacted by movements in financial market prices or rates such as interest rates, credit spreads, equity securities' prices and foreign currency exchange rates. Our investment portfolios are exposed to significant capital markets risk related to changes in interest rates, credit spreads and equity prices, as well as other risks, which may adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. The performance of our cash and investments portfolio has a significant impact on our financial results. A failure to successfully execute our investment strategy could have a significant impact on our results of operations or financial condition. Our investment portfolio is subject to a variety of market risks, including risks relating to general economic conditions, interest rate fluctuations, equity price risk, foreign currency movements, pre-payment or reinvestment risk, liquidity risk and credit risk. We manage market risks through, among other things, stressing diversification and conservation of principal and liquidity in our investment guidelines. An extended period of poor global financial market returns would adversely impact the value of our investment portfolio. Fixed maturities, which represent 85% of our total investments and 78% of total cash and investments at December 31, 2025, may be adversely impacted by changes in interest rates or credit spreads. Increases in yields could cause the fair value of our investment portfolio to decrease, resulting in a lower book value (refer to Item 7A 'Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk' for further details) and capital resources. A decline in yields may result in reductions in our investment income as new funds and proceeds from sales and maturities of fixed income securities are reinvested at lower rates. This reduces our overall future profitability. Interest rates and credit spreads are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental and central bank monetary policies, inflation, domestic and international economic and political conditions, corporate profitability and other factors beyond our control. Our portfolios of "other investments" and equity securities expose us to market price variability, driven by a number of factors outside of our control including, but not limited to, global equity market performance. Given our reliance on external investment managers, we are also exposed to operational risks, which may include, but are not limited to, a failure to follow our investment guidelines, technological and staffing deficiencies and inadequate disaster recovery plans. 39 Our derivative instrument counterparties may default on amounts owed to us due to bankruptcy, insolvency, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure, fraud or other reasons. Even if we are entitled to collateral in circumstances of default, such collateral may be illiquid or proceeds from such collateral when liquidated may not be sufficient to recover the full amount of the obligation. Our operating results may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations. Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. However, a portion of gross premiums are written and ceded in currencies other than the U.S. dollar and a portion of gross and ceded loss reserves are in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. In addition, a portion of our investment portfolio is denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We may in the future experience losses or gains resulting from fluctuations in the values of these non-U.S. currencies. Although we manage our foreign currency exposure through matching of our major foreign-denominated assets and liabilities, as well as through use of currency derivatives, there is no guarantee that we will successfully mitigate our exposure to foreign exchange losses due to unfavorable currency fluctuations. If we fail to manage our foreign currency exposures or experience unfavorable currency fluctuations due to factors such as political unrest, sovereign debt concerns, inflation or other macro-economic factors in jurisdictions in which we operate our results of operations could be materially adversely impacted. Liquidity Risk Liquidity risk is the risk that we may not have sufficient cash to meet our obligations when they are due, or would have to incur excessive costs to do so. Our underwriting activities may expose us to liquidity risks. Our exposure to liquidity risk stems mainly from the need to pay claims on potential extreme loss events and regulatory constraints that limit the flow of funds within the Group. We maintain cash and cash equivalents and high quality, liquid securities to meet expected outflows, including outflows that could result from a range of potential stress events. We place internal limits on the maximum percentage of cash and investments that may be in an illiquid form as well as on the minimum percentage of our asset portfolio that must be invested in unrestricted cash and liquid investment grade fixed income securities. Additionally, we have access to diverse funding sources to cover contingencies. Funding sources include asset sales and external debt issuances, and we may seek to establish additional borrowing facilities to cover such contingencies. We conduct stress tests to ensure the sufficiency of these funding sources in extreme scenarios. However, there remains a risk that in certain circumstances, our results of operations or financial condition may be adversely impacted by our inability to access appropriate liquidity or the cost of doing so. Credit Risk Credit risk represents the risk of incurring financial loss due to the diminished creditworthiness (reduced financial strength and, ultimately, possibly default) and concentration of our third-party counterparties (refer to ' Market Risk' above for a discussion of credit risk as it relates to the investment portfolio). If we successfully purchase reinsurance or execute portfolio transactions, we may be unable to collect amounts due to us. A reinsurer’s insolvency, or inability or refusal to make payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement with us, could have a material adverse effect on our business because we remain liable to the insured. We face counterparty risk whenever we purchase reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance. Inflation and industry catastrophic losses have heightened this risk as counterparties experience economic strains and uncertainty. Consequently, the insolvency, inability or unwillingness of any of our present or future reinsurers to make timely payments to us under the terms of our reinsurance or retrocessional agreements could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, or liquidity. Certain reinsurance obligations are collateralized, typically when the counterparty is unrated or in the event of rating downgrade. In most cases the Company relies on its governance of approved counterparties based on financial ratings and required surplus of approved counterparties. 40 Our reliance on brokers subjects us to credit risk. In accordance with industry practice, we pay amounts owed on claims under our insurance and reinsurance contracts to brokers, and these brokers pay these amounts to clients that have purchased insurance and reinsurance from us. Although the law is unsettled and depends upon the facts and circumstances of the particular case, in some jurisdictions, if a broker fails to make such a payment, we might remain liable to the insured or ceding insurer for the deficiency. Conversely, in certain jurisdictions, when the insured or ceding insurer pays premiums for these policies to brokers for payment to us, these premiums might be considered to have been paid to us and the insured or ceding insurer will no longer be liable to us for those amounts, whether or not we have actually received the premiums from the broker. Consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with brokers with whom we transact business. These risks are heightened during periods characterized by financial market instability and/or an economic downturn or recession. Certain of our policyholders and intermediaries may not pay premiums owed to us due to insolvency or other reasons. Insolvency, liquidity problems, distressed financial conditions or the general macro-economic conditions may increase the risk that policyholders or intermediaries, such as insurance brokers, may not pay a part of or the full amount of premiums owed to us, despite an obligation to do so. The terms of our contracts may not permit us to cancel our insurance even though we have not received payment. If non-payment becomes widespread, due to insolvency, lack of liquidity, adverse economic conditions, operational failure or otherwise, it could have a material adverse impact on our revenues and results of operations. Operational Risk Operational risk represents the risk of loss as a result of inadequate processes, system and network failures, human error or external events, including but not limited to direct or indirect financial loss, reputational damage, customer dissatisfaction, and legal and regulatory penalties. We rely on our processes, people, and systems to maintain our operations and manage the operational risks inherent to our business. Any errors, omissions or misconduct by our employees or third-party agents in the execution of these processes may result in financial losses. We rely on the execution of our processes, people, and systems to maintain and execute our operations. We seek to monitor and control our exposure to risks arising from these processes through an enterprise risk management framework, internal controls, management review and other processes. We cannot provide total assurance that these processes will effectively identify or control all risks, or that our employees and third-party agents will effectively execute them. Loss may result from, among other things, actual or alleged fraud; errors; or failure to document transactions properly, obtain proper internal authorization, comply with underwriting or other internal guidelines, or comply with regulatory requirements. Further, we have launched a strategic initiative aimed at improving our operating model. The 'How We Work' program is driving and overseeing the changes being made across the organization to build momentum and establish AXIS as an efficient and sustainable organization. We may not be successful in implementing these changes and, if implemented, they could result in heightened operational risk as the business adapts to new ways of working. If we experience difficulties with technology and/or data security, our ability to conduct our business might be adversely affected. While technology can streamline many business processes and ultimately reduce the cost of operations, technology initiatives present certain risks. Our business is dependent upon our employees’ and outsourcers’ ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, necessary business functions such as processing policies and paying claims. A shutdown or inability to access one or more of our outsourcers' facilities, a power outage, or a failure of one or more of our outsourcers' information technology, telecommunications or other systems and networks could significantly impair our ability to perform such functions on a timely basis. If sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to write and process business, provide customer service, pay claims in a timely manner or perform other necessary business functions. Our robust business continuity plan, which addresses the risk of such business interruption, system or network failure or service denial, with input from both internal and external stakeholders, may be inadequate and our systems and networks may still be impacted. Unauthorized access to our systems and networks, computer viruses, deceptive communications (such as phishing attacks), malware, hackers and other cybersecurity threats and external hazards, including catastrophe events, could expose us to data loss, damages, interruptions or delays in our business, remediation costs, claims, and damage to our reputation. Our operations also depend on complex, cloud‑based information 41 systems, and as cyber threats grow more sophisticated and our reliance on cloud providers increases, security incidents or outages could adversely impact our ability to operate and protect sensitive data. Any of these eventualities could result in a material and adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Like other global companies, we are regularly the target of attempted cyberattacks and other data security threats and must continuously monitor and develop our information technology systems, networks and infrastructure to prevent, detect, address and mitigate the risk of threats to our data, systems, and networks. These cyberattacks and other data security incidents have included, or may in the future include: viruses, malware or other malicious code, ransomware, software bugs, deceptive social engineering campaigns (also known as "phishing" or "spoofing"), credential stuffing, account takeovers, loss or theft of assets, employee errors or malfeasance, third-party errors or malfeasance, as well as system and network failures and other similar security events, which could result in the loss of, unauthorized access to or disclosure of, or the misuse or misappropriation of, confidential, personal, proprietary or other information. Over time, and particularly recently, the sophistication and frequency of these threats continues to increase, including through the use of artificial intelligence, and may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. For example, cyberattacks may be conducted by organized groups and individuals with a wide range of motives and expertise, including organized criminal groups, "hacktivists", terrorists, nation states, nation-state supported actors and others. While administrative and technical controls, along with other preventive actions, may reduce the risk of cyberattacks and other data security incidents and protect our information technology, they may be insufficient to thwart cyberattacks and/or prevent other data security breaches to our systems or networks. Moreover, we may be unable to anticipate these threats or react in a timely manner. As these threats continually evolve, we may be required to devote substantial additional resources to modify or enhance our information security systems and networks and our cybersecurity program. While we generally perform cybersecurity diligence on our key service providers, we do not control our service providers and our ability to monitor their cybersecurity is limited. Some of our service providers may store or have access to our data and may not have effective controls, processes, or practices to protect our information from loss, unauthorized disclosure, unauthorized use or misappropriation. A vulnerability in our service providers’ software or systems, a failure of our service providers’ safeguards, policies or procedures, could result in a cyberattack or other data security incident which could harm our business. While we have not experienced a material cybersecurity incident, to the extent any such incident results in a loss or damage to our data, or inappropriate disclosure of our confidential, personal, proprietary or other information or that of others, it could impact our operations, cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with our customers and clients, lead to claims against us under various data privacy laws, result in regulatory action, fines, damages, injunctions, or penalties and ultimately have a material adverse effect on our business or operations. We also operate in a number of jurisdictions with strict data protection privacy, cybersecurity and other related laws, which could be violated in the event of a cybersecurity incident, or by personnel. Failure to comply with these obligations, including a failure to make adequate or timely disclosure to the public, regulators, or law enforcement agencies following any such incident, can give rise to monetary fines and other penalties that could be material. Our business may be adversely affected if third-party service providers fail to satisfactorily perform certain technology and business process functions. We outsource certain technology and business process functions to third parties. If we do not effectively develop and implement our outsourcing strategy, or if third-party service providers do not perform as anticipated or we experience technological or other problems with a transition to a third-party service provider, we may not realize productivity improvements or cost efficiencies and may experience operational difficulties, increased costs and a loss of business. In addition, our outsourcing of certain technology and business process functions to third parties may expose us to enhanced risk related to data security, which could result in monetary and reputational damages. In addition, our ability to receive services from third-party providers could be impacted by political instability or unanticipated regulatory requirements which in turn could materially adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 42 Regulatory Risk Regulatory risk represents the risk arising from our failure to comply with legal, statutory or regulatory obligations. Compliance with data protection, privacy and cybersecurity laws and regulations governing the processing of personal information is a legal requirement, and non-compliance may impede our services or result in increased costs. Failure to comply could result in material fines and/or penalties imposed by data protection and/or financial services regulators. In addition, any data breach may have an adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition, or have other adverse consequences. Our business relies on the processing of data, including personal information, in many jurisdictions and the movement of such data across national borders. The collection, storage, handling, disclosure, use, transfer, security and other processing of personal information that occurs in connection with our business is subject to federal, state, local and foreign data protection and privacy laws, regulations, rules, industry standards and other obligations. These legal requirements are not uniform and continue to evolve, and regulatory scrutiny in this area is increasing around the world. In many cases, these laws and regulations apply not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information within the Group. Data protection, privacy and cybersecurity laws may be interpreted and applied differently from country to country and may create inconsistent or conflicting requirements. In Europe, the U.K., and Switzerland, there are data protection laws that have extra-territorial effect. These data protection laws require compliance by all companies that process data of EU, U.K., and Swiss citizens, regardless of the company’s location, and also impose obligations on companies processing data of non-EU citizens. The data protection laws also impose requirements regarding the processing of personal data and confer rights on data subjects, including rights of access to their personal data, deletion of their personal data, the "right to be forgotten" and the right to "portability" of personal data. We also need to comply with data protection laws in the U.S and Canada. In the U.S., there continue to be many changes in the data protection and privacy landscape. As states continue to focus on data protection, our compliance burden may increase. Further, while we strive to publish and prominently display privacy policies that are accurate, comprehensive, and compliant with applicable laws, regulations, rules and industry standards, we cannot ensure that our privacy policies and other statements regarding our practices will be sufficient to protect us from claims, proceedings, liability or adverse publicity relating to data protection, privacy or cybersecurity. Although we endeavor to comply with our privacy policies, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. The publication of our privacy policies and other documentation that provide promises and assurances about data protection, privacy and cybersecurity can subject us to potential government or legal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual practices. Any concerns about our data protection, privacy and cybersecurity practices, even if unfounded, could damage our reputation and adversely affect our business. Compliance with obligations imposed by data protection, privacy, and cybersecurity legislation, including Bermuda’s Personal Information Protection Act and Quebec’s Law 25, requires investment in appropriate technical or organizational measures designed to safeguard the rights and freedoms of data subjects. Such investment may result in significant costs to our business and may require us to modify certain of our business practices. In addition, enforcement actions, investigations and the imposition of substantial fines and penalties by regulatory authorities as a result of data security incidents and privacy violations have increased dramatically over the past several years. The enactment of more restrictive laws, rules, regulations or future enforcement actions or investigations could impact us through increased costs or restrictions on our business, and noncompliance could result in regulatory penalties and significant legal liability. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with applicable data protection, privacy and cybersecurity laws, regulations, rules, industry standards and other obligations, or compromise of security that results in unauthorized access to, or unauthorized loss, destruction, use, modification, acquisition, disclosure, release or transfer of personal, sensitive, confidential or other client or Company information, could subject us to increased costs or restrictions on our business, future enforcement actions or investigations, regulatory penalties, claims, fines, criminal prosecution, judgments, awards, sanctions, monetary damages, costly litigation (including class actions) and significant legal liability. Such events could also result in negative publicity and damage to our reputation, distract our management and technical personnel, adversely affect the demand for our products and services and cause us to lose business, which could therefore have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 43 Our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are subject to supervision and regulation. Changes to existing regulation and supervisory standards, or failure to comply with them, could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition, or result in negative publicity, reputational damage or harm to our relationships. Our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries conduct business globally and are subject to varying degrees of regulation and supervision in multiple jurisdictions. In particular, in the U.K., Lloyd's has supervisory powers that pose unique regulatory risks. The laws and regulations of the jurisdictions and markets, including Lloyd's, in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled or operate require, among other things, that our subsidiaries maintain minimum levels of statutory capital and liquidity, meet solvency standards, participate in guaranty funds and submit to periodic examinations of their financial condition and compliance with underwriting and other regulations. These laws and regulations also limit or restrict payments of dividends and reductions in capital. Statutes, regulations and policies may also restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to write insurance and reinsurance contracts, make certain investments and distribute funds. The purpose of insurance laws and regulations generally is to protect insureds and ceding insurance companies, not our shareholders. We may not be able to comply fully with, or obtain appropriate exemptions from, these laws and regulations, which could result in restrictions on our ability to do business or undertake activities that are regulated in one or more of the jurisdictions in which we conduct business and could subject us to fines and other sanctions. In addition, changes in the laws or regulations to which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are subject or in the interpretation thereof by enforcement or regulatory agencies could impact the competitive market, as well as the way we conduct our business and manage our capital, resulting in lower revenues and higher costs. This in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. The rate of legal and regulatory change, particularly in the U.K. and Ireland, has been increasing in recent years, with initiatives such as those being undertaken in the U.K. to revamp its regulatory framework as it moves away from Solvency II, and the changes to Solvency II, Resolution Frameworks, and enhanced rules on AI governance in the EU is adding to the regulatory burden on our operating entities. Further to this, increased regulatory scrutiny in the form of reviews and inspections can put a strain on our resources. A supervisory challenge we may face is the potential designation of AXIS as an Internationally Active Insurance Group ("IAIG") due to its growth. If AXIS receives such a designation, the expectation is that compliance will involve higher capital requirements and enhanced governance standards, including more robust risk management and group-wide oversight. Further to this, we are seeing an increase in both the pace of, and severity of, regulatory change in Bermuda. The Bermuda Monetary Authority ("BMA") has indicated that it intends to change how it supervises insurance groups, which would result in a fundamental change to how the Group is supervised. At present, the BMA regulates the Group as its group supervisor, through AXIS Specialty Limited ("ASL") as Designated Insurer. The proposed new regime would see the BMA instead directly supervise the Group, doing away with the Designated Insurer regime that is currently in place. While this may not have a material impact on the Group on a day-to-day basis, it could lead to increased governance requirements. Insurance regulatory authorities have broad authority to initiate investigations or other proceedings, and, in connection with a failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, could impose adverse consequences, including fines, penalties, injunctions, denial or revocation of an operating license or approval, increased scrutiny or oversight, limitations on engaging in a particular business, or redress to clients. Further to this, regimes such as the Senior Managers and Certification Regime in the UK, and the Individual Accountability Regime in Ireland, place personal responsibility on key members of senior staff and Board members, meaning the regulators can take action directly against these individuals as well. These actions also could result in negative publicity, reputational damage or harm to client, employee or other relationships. Potential government intervention in our industry as a result of recent events and instability in the marketplace for insurance products could hinder our flexibility and negatively affect the business opportunities that may be available to us in the market. Government intervention and the possibility of future government intervention have created uncertainty in insurance and reinsurance markets. Government and regulators generally require insurers and reinsurers to have high solvency ratios and localized capital to ensure the protection of policyholders to the possible detriment of other constituents, including shareholders of insurers and reinsurers. In the past, we saw government, regulatory and judicial actions across multiple jurisdictions in relation to business interruption insurance exacerbate the uncertainty by altering the interpretation of our contracts or extending or changing coverage (beyond the obligations set forth within those contracts or beyond what was intended by the parties). There is a risk that should another global event occur, we will see a recurrence of this stance by governments, regulators, and the judiciary. 44 Certain U.S. and non-U.S. judicial and regulatory authorities, including U.S. Attorneys offices and certain state attorneys general, occasionally commence investigations into business practices in the insurance industry. In addition, although the U.S. federal government has not historically regulated insurance, there have been proposals from time to time to impose federal regulation on the U.S. insurance industry. As a result, we are unable to predict what, if any, changes to laws and regulations impacting the U.S. insurance industry may be enacted by the U.S. Congress or the current presidential administration and what the impact of any such changes will be upon our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, Dodd-Frank gives the Federal Reserve supervisory authority over certain U.S. financial services companies, including insurance companies, if they are designated as 'systemically important' by a two-thirds vote of a Financial Stability Oversight Council. While we do not believe that we are 'systemically important', as defined in Dodd-Frank, additional federal or state regulation that is adopted in the future could impose significant burdens on us, impact the ways in which we conduct our business and govern our subsidiaries, increase compliance costs, increase the levels of capital required to operate our subsidiaries, duplicate state regulation and/or result in a competitive disadvantage. Our European insurance and reinsurance entities are subject to local laws that implement the Solvency II Directive. Solvency II covers three main areas: i. the valuation of assets and liabilities on a Solvency II economic basis and risk-based solvency and capital requirements; ii. governance requirements including requirements relating to the key functions of compliance, internal audit, actuarial, and risk management; and iii. legal entity and group reporting and disclosure requirements including public disclosures, and group supervision. The EU has adopted amendments to Solvency II which entered into force on 28 January 2025. Member states have two years to transpose the directive with application effective from 30 January 2027. While the package is prudential in nature, aimed at capital calibration, proportionality, cross-border supervision and macro-prudential tools, we cannot predict the exact nature, timing or scope of future governmental or regulatory initiatives at the EU or national level. Such initiatives could adversely affect our business by, among other things: • Changing participation requirements in national industry pools or guarantee schemes; • Introducing consumer protection rules that affect product design or claims handling following severe events; • Altering supervisory expectations or reporting obligations; and • Creating uneven competitive impacts through differences in national transposition or supervisory practices. Our business is subject to certain laws and regulations relating to sanctions and foreign corrupt practices, the violation of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. We must comply with all applicable economic and financial sanctions, other trade controls and anti-bribery laws and regulations of the U.S. and other foreign jurisdictions where we operate, including Bermuda, the U.K. and the European Union. U.S. laws and regulations applicable to us include the economic trade sanctions laws and regulations administered by the U.S. Department of Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control as well as certain laws administered by the U.S. Department of State. These laws and regulations are complex, frequently changing, and increasing in number, and they may impose additional prohibitions or compliance obligations on our dealings in certain countries and territories, including sanctions imposed on Russia and certain Ukraine territories. In addition, we are subject to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other anti-bribery laws, such as the Irish Criminal Justice (Corruption Offences) Act, the Bermuda Bribery Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, which generally prohibit corrupt payments or unreasonable gifts. Although we have policies and controls in place that are designed to ensure compliance with these laws and regulations, it is possible that an employee or an agent acting on our behalf could fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations and, due to the complex nature of the risks, it may not always be possible for us to ascertain compliance with such laws and regulations. In such event, we could be exposed to civil penalties, criminal penalties and other sanctions, including fines or other unintended punitive actions. In addition, such violations could damage our business and/or our reputation. All of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 45 Risks Related to the Ownership of our Securities In addition to the risks to our business listed above, there are certain other risks related to the ownership of our securities. The price of our common shares may be volatile. There has been significant volatility in the market for equity securities in recent years. During 2025, 2024, and 2023, the closing price of our common shares fluctuated from a low of $85.54 to a high of $109.18, a low of $54.27 to a high of $94.05, and a low of $51.68 to a high of $63.47, respectively. The price of our common shares may not remain at or exceed current levels. The following factors, in addition to those described in other

--- VENDORS ---
vendors exposes us to a number of increased operational risks, including the risk of security breaches, fraud, non-compliance with laws and regulations or internal guidelines and inadequate service. We manage material third-party vendor risk, by, among other things, performing a thorough due diligence  of potential large vendors and maintaining a dedicated vendor management office that oversees an established framework of approved policies, procedures, and performance‑monitoring practices throughout the lifecycle of engagements. Capital Management Our capital management goal is to maximize long-term shareholder value by, among other things, optimizing capital allocation and minimizing our cost of capital. We manage our capital in accordance with our Capital Management Policy. We hold an adequate level of capital for business and investment opportunities as well as risk and shock events. We ensure our capital levels satisfy our minimum solvency targets including our own view of risk from our internal capital model and regulatory and rating agency capital requirements, which are described below: • Internal risk capital - We use our internal capital model to assess the capital consumption of our business, measuring and monitoring the potential aggregation of risk at extreme return periods. • Regulatory capital requirements - In each country in which we operate, the local regulator specifies the minimum amount and type of capital that each of the regulated entities must hold in support of their liabilities and business plans. We target to hold, in addition to the minimum capital required to comply with the solvency requirements, an adequate buffer to ensure that each of our regulated entities meets its local capital requirements. Refer to Item 8, Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 'Statutory Financial Information' for further details. • Rating agency capital requirements - Rating agencies apply their own models to evaluate the relationship between the required risk capital of a company and its available capital resources. The assessment of capital adequacy is usually an integral part of the rating agency process. Meeting rating agency capital requirements and maintaining strong credit ratings are strategic business objectives of the Company. Refer to Item 7 'Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources ' for further details. Our capital management strategy identifies the point at which management needs to consider raising capital, amending our business plan or executing capital management activities well before capital approaches the minimum requirements ("early warning indicator"). This allows us to take appropriate measures to ensure the continued strength and appropriateness of our capital and solvency positions, and enables us to take advantage of opportunities as they arise. Such measures are performed as and when required and include traditional capital management tools (e.g., dividends, share buy-backs, issuance of shares or debt) or through changes to our risk exposure (e.g., recalibration of our investment portfolio or changes to our reinsurance purchasing strategy). We also consider an amount of capital beyond which capital could be considered "excess". Where we do not find sufficiently attractive opportunities and returns for our excess capital, we may return capital to our shareholders through share repurchases and/or dividends. In doing so, we seek to maintain an appropriate balance between higher returns for our shareholders and the security provided by a sound capital position. 29 ITEM 1A.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components include market competitive salaries and short-term annual incentive programs and, for senior level teammates, long-term incentives such as equity grants. To provide share ownership throughout all levels of our organization, we recently awarded an equity grant for all AXIS teammates who do not receive equity as part of their annual compensation. This ownership award reinforces our "Stronger Together" value and the ownership mentality that defines our culture. Our comprehensive benefits packages include health and welfare plans for teammates and their families, retirement savings plans with employer contributions and work-life benefits, including parental leave policies, flexible work arrangements for eligible teammates and charitable matching programs. At AXIS, we are committed to fair pay and delivering equal pay for equal work regardless of gender, race or other personal characteristics. In support of our commitment to equal pay practices, all compensation offers are reviewed against internal peers to ensure equal pay at the job level, while year-end incentive awards are reviewed for bias based on gender and ethnic diversity. Furthermore, regular pay equity audits are conducted with action taken to address any areas of concern. Succession Planning We have a robust talent and succession planning process. Each year, management conducts talent reviews for all AXIS teammates, focusing on high performing and high potential talent, emerging talent, and diverse talent. This information is used to drive both teammate development plans and succession planning. Annually, succession plans are completed for each member of the Executive Committee and the other critical roles across AXIS. The Board exercises oversight of succession planning by reviewing a comprehensive annual succession plan for key Executive Committee roles, including the CEO. Employees At December 31, 2025, we had 1,966 employees. During 2025, the number of employees increased by approximately 5% and our voluntary turnover rate was 9.6% compared to 11.9% in 2024. 17 TRADEMARKS We use our trademarks, including among others, our "AXIS" trademarks for the global marketing of our products and services, and we believe that we sufficiently safeguard our trademark portfolio to protect our rights. AVAILABLE INFORMATION Our Internet website address is www.axiscapital.com . Information contained in our website is not part of this report. We make available free of charge, through our internet website, our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. 18 RISK AND CAPITAL MANAGEMENT Risk Management Framework – Overview Mission and Objectives The mission of Enterprise Risk Management ("ERM") is to promptly identify, assess, manage, monitor, and report risks that affect the achievement of our strategic, operational, and financial objectives. The key objectives of our ERM framework are to: • Protect our capital base and earnings by monitoring risks against our stated risk appetite and limits; • Promote a sound risk management culture through disciplined and informed risk taking; • Enhance value creation and contribute to an optimal risk-return profile by providing the basis for efficient capital deployment; • Support our group-wide decision-making process by providing reliable and timely risk information; and • Safeguard our reputation. The ERM framework applies to all lines of business and corporate functions. Risk Governance At the heart of our ERM framework is a governance process with responsibilities for identifying, assessing, managing, monitoring, and reporting risks. We articulate roles and responsibilities for risk management throughout the organization, from the Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer to our business and corporate functions, thus embedding risk management throughout the Company (refer to ' Risk Governance and Risk Management Organization ' below). Our risk policies are a formal set of documents that outline key drivers of risk and responsibilities for managing individual and aggregate risks. Our qualitative and quantitative risk reporting framework provides transparency and early warning indicators to senior management with regard to our overall risk profile, adherence to risk appetite and limits, and management actions at the Group and legal entity level. Various governance and control bodies coordinate to help ensure that objectives are being achieved, risks are identified, and appropriately managed, and internal controls are in place and operating effectively. Internal Capital Model An important aspect of our ERM framework is our internal capital model. Utilizing this modeling framework provides us with a holistic view of the capital we put at risk in any year by allowing us to understand the relative interaction among the known risks impacting us. This integrated approach recognizes that a single risk factor can affect different sub-portfolios and that different

