TICKER: BFRG
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
Supply Chain and Customer Base We
launched our businesses using funds from our initial public offering and we continue operating and targeting partnerships and relationships
using funds from our subsequent financings. We have a strategic relationship with FSHD Society, a leading non-governmental organization,
for AI/ML analysis of clinical trial data for patients with a rare neuromuscular disorder. We also have several other developing strategic
relationships in the project design phase. The Company has executed a joint development deal for a biologics discovery phase opportunity
that is directed toward targeted cancer therapeutics. The Company has also obtained exclusive worldwide rights to a Phase II ready glioblastoma
drug and a discovery phase hepatocellular carcinoma drug from universities. Since we intend to conduct late-stage clinical trials with
partners on rescued therapeutic assets, there will be a requirement of drug product or other significant services to plan and execute
our clinical development programs. The success of our partnered clinical development programs will require adequate availability of raw
materials and drug product for our R&D and clinical trials, and, in some cases, may also require establishment of third-party arrangements
to obtain finished drug product that is manufactured appropriately under industry-standard guidelines, and packaged for clinical use
or sale. Since we are a digital biopharmaceutical company, our clinical development programs will also require, in some cases, the establishment
of third-party relationships for execution and completion of clinical trials. 12 Our
Market Opportunity One
aim of our business is to “rescue” drugs that have failed in Phase III clinical trials by using our technology to analyze
all available data with the goal of designing a precision medicine clinical trial that will have a better chance of being successful.
The graphic below illustrates the estimated market opportunity for these failed drugs. The top arrow shows the number of failed Phase
III trials for several disease categories over a 5-year period. The arrows below provide our assumptions for narrowing or discounting
certain parameters associated with the market size calculation. The final arrow shows the math behind the $47.1 billion market opportunity.
To date, we have not penetrated the failed drug market, however; we are actively searching for failed drug opportunities. Identification
of candidates with potential for rescue may be challenging and require significant resources, and once these assets are identified, we
may find it challenging to license them under favorable terms in order to create value for shareholders. Subsequent development of these
assets for clinical testing may require significant effort and resources. Ultimately, these assets must undergo rigorous clinical testing
and approval by FDA or comparable regulatory authorities in other countries in order to be marketed. A key part of our strategy is to
partner our R&D programs. In addition, we do not intend on commercializing drugs and instead will seek to divest each drug asset
to a company that will commercialize the drug. We may receive future royalties in some transactions. 13 The
following graphic illustrates the global revenue forecast for applying AI in the pharmaceutical industry, as well as the increase in
anticipated market spend and annual growth rate for AI solutions per certain application areas. Intellectual
Property Patents We
have exclusive worldwide rights to the following patents related to our intellectual property: Mebendazole
Polymorph For Treatment And Prevention Of Tumors Serial
    Number Country Status Issue
    Date Expiration
    Date 62/112,706 United
    States Converted N/A N/A PCT/US2016/016968 PCT Nationalized N/A N/A 11,110,079 United
    States Granted 9/7/2021 2/8/2036 17/402,131 United
    States Abandoned N/A N/A 18/525,209 United
    States Pending N/A N/A 16747414.7 Europe Granted 12/15/2021 2/8/2036 16747414.7 Czech
    Republic Granted 12/15/2021 2/8/2036 16747414.7 France Granted 12/15/2021 2/8/2036 60
    2016 067 384.3 Germany Granted 12/15/2021 2/8/2036 16747414.7 Ireland Granted 12/15/2021 2/8/2036 502022000018341 Italy Granted 12/15/2021 2/8/2036 16747414.7 Spain Granted 12/15/2021 2/8/2036 16747414.7 Switzerland Granted 12/15/2021 2/8/2036 16747414.7 United
    Kingdom Granted 12/15/2021 2/8/2036 253854 Israel Granted 6/26/2021 2/8/2036 2016800144274 China Granted 6/25/2021 2/8/2036 201717028684 India Granted 12/1/2020 2/8/2036 2017-541687 Japan Granted 11/18/2020 2/8/2036 Mebendazole
Prodrugs with Enhanced Solubility and Oral Bioavailability Serial
    Number Country Status Issue
    Date Expiration
    Date 62/627,810 United
    States Converted N/A N/A PCT/US2019/017291 PCT Nationalized N/A N/A 11,712,435 United
    States Granted 8/1/2023 2/8/2039 2019216757 Australia Granted 1/4/2024 2/8/2039 19751700.6 Europe Pending N/A N/A 3,090,691 Canada Pending N/A N/A 14 Inhibition
of SPTBN1 to treat Obesity/NASH and Obesity/NASH-driven cancer Serial
    Number Country Status Filing
    Date Expiration
    Date 63/113,745 United
    States Converted 11/13/2020 N/A 63/147,141 United
    States Converted 2/8/2021 N/A PCT/US2021/059245 United
    States Nationalized 11/12/2021 N/A 2023-528428 Japan Filed 11/12/2021 N/A 18/252,771 United
    States Filed 5/12/2023 N/A 21892928.9 Europe Filed 6/13/2023 N/A 2021800763877 Canada Filed 11/12/2021 N/A Johns
Hopkins University Applied Physics Lab Licensed Intellectual Property Title Serial
    Number File
    Date Country Status Expiration
    Date Assignee Apparatus
    and Method for Distributed Graph Processing U.S.
    Patent 10,146,801 7/13/2015 US Granted 3/2/2037 The
    Johns Hopkins University Method
    and Apparatus for Analysis and Classification of High Dimensional Data Sets U.S.
    Patent 10,936,965 10/5/2017 US Granted 9/25/2038 The
    Johns Hopkins University Generalized
    Low Entropy Mixture Model U.S.
    Patent 10,839,256 4/2/2018 US Granted 12/15/2038 The
    Johns Hopkins University Licenses We
hold the following licenses related to our intellectual property: Licensor Licensee Description
    of Rights Granted Johns
    Hopkins University Applied Physics Lab BullFrog
    AI, Inc. Worldwide,
    exclusive rights for therapeutics development and analytical services George
    Washington University BullFrog
    AI Holdings Worldwide,
    exclusive rights for therapeutics development Johns
    Hopkins University BullFrog
    AI Holdings Worldwide,
    exclusive rights for therapeutics development JHU-APL
Technology License In
February 2018, we entered into an exclusive, world-wide, royalty-bearing license with JHU-APL (the “2018 License Agreement”).
The license covers three (3) issued patents, one (1) new provisional patent application, non-patent rights to proprietary libraries of
algorithms and other trade secrets, as well as modifications and improvements. In October 2021, we executed an amendment to the original
license for improvements and new advanced analytics capabilities. In consideration of the rights granted to the Company under the 2018
License Agreement, JHU-APL received a warrant equal to five percent (5%) of the then fully diluted equity base of the Company, which
was diluted following the closing of our initial public offering. Under the terms of the 2018 License Agreement, JHU-APL will be entitled
to an eight percent (8%) royalty on net sales for the services provided by us as well as fifty percent (50%) of all sublicense revenues
received by us on services and sublicenses in which the JHU-APL licensed technology was utilized. In addition, we are required to pay
JHU-APL an annual maintenance fee of $1,500. Minimum annual royalty payments are $20,000 for 2022, $80,000 for 2023, and $300,000 per
year for 2024 and beyond. If cumulative annual royalty payments do not reach these levels, the amount due to JHU-APL to reach the annual
minimum is due by January 1st of the following year. Failure to make annual royalty payments is considered a material breach under the
agreement and, upon notice from JHU-APL of a material breach, we will have 60 days to cure the material breach. 15 In
July 2022, the Company entered into an exclusive, world-wide, royalty-bearing license from JHU-APL for the additional technology developed
to enhance the bfLEAP™ platform (the “2022 License Agreement”). The 2022 License Agreement provides additional intellectual property
rights including patents, copyrights, and know-how to be utilized under the bfLEAP™ analytical AI/ML platform. This 2022 License
Agreement supersedes the previous 2018 License Agreement. In consideration of the new license, we issued 39,879 shares of common stock
to JHU-APL. Under the terms of the 2022 License Agreement, JHU-APL will be entitled to eight percent (8%) of net sales for the services
provided by us to other parties and three percent (3%) for internally developed drug projects in which the JHU-APL license is utilized.
The  license also contains tiered sub licensing fees that start at 50% and reduce to 25% based on revenues. In addition, under the
2022 License Agreement, the minimum annual royalty payments are $30,000 for 2022, $80,000 for 2023, and $300,000 per year for 2024 and
beyond, all of which are creditable by royalties. The financial terms of the new license agreement replaces the original terms from the
2018 License Agreement and are not duplicative. In
May 2023, we entered into Amendment Number 1 of the July 2022 License Agreement with JHU-APL whereby we gained access to certain improvements
including additional patents and know-how in exchange for a series of payments totaling $275,000. The first of these payments for $75,000
was paid in July 2023, the second of these payments for $75,000 was paid in June 2025, and the remaining payments of $75,000 and $50,000
are due in 2026 and 2027, respectively. The amendment also reduced the 2023 minimum annual royalty payment from $80,000 to $60,000 while
all other financial terms remained the same. George
Washington University - Beta2-spectrin siRNA License In
January 2022, we entered into an exclusive, world-wide, royalty-bearing license from GWU for rights to use siRNA targeting Beta2-spectrin
in the treatment of human diseases, including hepatocellular carcinoma (“HCC”). The license covers methods claimed in three
(3) U.S. and worldwide patent applications, and also includes use of this approach for treatment of obesity, non-alcoholic fatty liver
disease, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. This program is currently in the preclinical stage of development and we have not yet initiated
development activities or IND-enabling studies on this asset. All R&D on this candidate to date has been conducted by the licensor
of the technology, GWU. The term of the agreement began in January 2022 and ends on the expiration date of the last patent to expire
or 10 years after the first sale of a licensed product if no patents have been issued. The license can be terminated by the licensee
upon 60 days’ written notice, or by the licensor if we are more than 30 days late in paying amounts owed to the licensor and do
not make payment upon demand, or in the event of any material breach of the license that is not cured within 45 days. Non-alcoholic
fatty liver disease (“NAFLD”) is a condition in which excess lipids, or fat, build up in the liver. This condition, which
is more common in people who have obesity and related metabolic diseases including type 2 diabetes, affects as many as 24% of adults
in the United States and is associated with risk of progression to more serious conditions, including non-alcoholic steatohepatitis (“NASH”),
with associated liver inflammation and fibrosis, and hepatocellular carcinoma (“HCC”). Evidence in animal models of obesity
suggest that a protein called β2-spectrin may play a key role in lipid accumulation, tissue fibrosis, and liver damage, and targeting
expression or activity of this protein may be a useful approach in treating NASH and liver cancer (Rao et al., 2021). In
consideration of the rights granted to us under the license agreement, GWU received a $20,000 license initiation fee. Under the terms
of the license agreement, GWU will be entitled to a three percent (3%) royalty on net sales subject to quarterly minimums once the first
sale has occurred subsequent to regulatory approval, as well sublicense or assignment fees in the event we sublicense or assign our rights
to use the technology. We will also reimburse GWU for previously incurred and ongoing patent costs. The sublicense and assignment fee
amounts decline as the Company advances the clinical development of the licensed technology. The license agreement also contains milestone
payments for clinical development through the approval of a New Drug Application (“NDA”) and commercialization. Aggregate
future milestone costs could reach $860,000 if the drug successfully completes clinical trials and is the subject of an NDA to the United
States FDA. Future milestones on sales revenue are limited to $1 million on the first $20 million in net sales. 16 We
assessed whether the license should be capitalized and determined that the licensed program is in the early stage and therefore may not
be recoverable; we expensed the license fee and will expense development costs until commercial viability is likely. Johns
Hopkins University – Mebendazole License In
February 2022, we entered into an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing license with JHU for the use of an improved formulation of Mebendazole
for the treatment of any human cancer or neoplastic disease. This formulation shows potent activity in animal models with different types
of cancer, and has been evaluated in a Phase I clinical trial in patients with high-grade glioma (NCT01729260). The trial, an open-label
dose-escalation study, assessed the safety of the improved formulation with adjuvant temozolomide in 24 patients with newly diagnosed
gliomas. Investigators observed no dose-limiting toxicity in patients receiving all but the highest tested dose (200mg/kg/day). Four
of the 15 patients receiving the maximum tested dose of 200mg/kg/day experienced dose-limiting toxicity, all of which were reversed by
decreasing or eliminating the dose given. There were no serious adverse events attributed to mebendazole at any dose during the trial.
We are currently formulating a strategy to conduct additional clinical trials with this asset to enable evaluation of safety in humans. The
license covers six (6) issued patents and one (1) pending application, with the term of the agreement beginning in February 2022 and
ending on the date of expiration of the last to expire patent. The license can be terminated by the licensee upon 90 days’ written
notice, or by the licensor in the event of any material breach of the license that is not cured within 30 days. In consideration of the
rights granted to us under the license agreement, JHU received a staggered upfront license fee of $250,000, with the first $50,000 paid
in 2022 and the remaining balance of $200,000 paid in 2023. The Company also reimbursed JHU for previously incurred and ongoing patent
costs. Under the terms of the license agreement, JHU will be entitled to three- and one-half percent (3.5%) royalty on net sales in which
the JHU license was utilized. In addition, we are required to pay JHU minimum annual royalty payments of $5,000 for 2022, $10,000 for
2023, $20,000 for 2024, $30,000 for 2025 and $50,000 for 2026 and each year after until the first commercial sale, after which the annual
minimum royalty shall be $250,000. The license agreement also contains milestone payments for clinical development steps through the
approval of an NDA and commercialization. Aggregate future milestone costs could reach $1,500,000 if the drug successfully completes
Phase II and III clinical trials and is approved for sale and marketing by the United States FDA. Future milestones on sales revenue
are $1 million on the first $20 million in sales revenue, $2 million in the first-year cumulative sales revenue exceeds $100 million,
$10 million in the first-year cumulative sales revenue exceeds $500 million, and $20 million in the first-year cumulative sales revenue
exceeds $1 billion. We assessed whether the license should be capitalized and determined that the licensed program is in the early stage
and therefore may not be recoverable; we expensed the license fee and will expense development costs until commercial viability is likely. Johns
Hopkins University – Prodrug License In
October 2022, we entered into an exclusive, worldwide, royalty-bearing license with JHU and the Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry
(“IOCB”) of the Czech Academy of Sciences for rights to commercialize N-substituted prodrugs of mebendazole that demonstrate
improved solubility and bioavailability. The license covers prodrug compositions and use for treating disease as claimed in multiple
United States and worldwide patent applications. The term of the agreement began in October 2022 and continues until the date of expiration
of the last to expire patent, or for 20 years from the effective date of the agreement if no patents are issued. The license can be terminated
by us upon 90 days’ written notice, or by the licensor in the event of any material breach of the license that is not cured by
the Company within 30 days. In
consideration for the rights granted to us under the license agreement, JHU and IOCB received a staggered upfront license fee of $100,000.
We also reimbursed JHU and IOCB for previously incurred patent costs totaling $33,265 and will be responsible for reimbursing licensors
for future patent costs. Under the terms of the license agreement, the licensors will be entitled to a four percent (4%) royalty on net
sales subject to annual minimums upon first commercial sale of a licensed product, as well as sublicense or assignment fees in the event
we sublicense or assign our rights to use the technology. The sublicense fee amount declines as we advance the clinical development of
licensed technology. We are required to pay minimum annual royalties beginning in year 4 of the agreement. The minimum annual royalty
for year 4 will be $5,000 (2026), increasing to $10,000 in year 5 (2027), $20,000 in year 6 (2028), $30,000 in year 7 (2029), and $50,000
in year 8 and subsequent years (2030 and beyond). We will be responsible for milestone payments for patent issuance of up to $50,000
and clinical development milestones up to and including approval of an NDA totaling up to $2.3 million. We will be required to pay a
commercial milestone of $1 million once sales reach $20 million in the United States, $2 million when sales in the United States reach
$100 million, $10 million when United States sales reach $500 million, and $20 million when United States sales exceed $1 billion. We
assessed whether the license should be capitalized and determined that the licensed program is in the early stage and therefore may not
be recoverable; we expensed the license fee and will expense development costs until commercial viability is likely. 17 In
September 2023, the Company announced positive data in a preclinical study investigating the anti-cancer activity of a novel prodrug
of mebendazole for the treatment of glioblastoma. The study assessed the relative efficacy of BF-222, a novel formulation of mebendazole
that has been evaluated in clinical trials, and BF-223, a novel prodrug of mebendazole with improved solubility and bioavailability relative
to BF-222, compared with placebo in mice that had been implanted with tumor cells as a model for human glioblastoma. Animals treated
with BF-223 had an average survival time of 27.9 days compared with 27.3 days for mice treated with BF-222 and 23.4 days for mice given
the placebo. Mice treated with BF-223 were administered 80% of the dose that mice treated with BF-222 received, and improved outcomes
for both treatment groups were statistically significant compared to the placebo. In addition, animals treated with equivalent doses
of BF-222 and BF-223 showed comparable and significant reduction in tumor growth compared to control animals during the study. Competition The
pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries are characterized by rapidly advancing technologies, intense competition, and a strong emphasis
on proprietary products. The immuno-oncology, neuroscience, and rare disease segments of the industry in particular are highly competitive.
While we believe that our technology, development experience and scientific knowledge provide competitive advantages, we face potential
competition from many different sources, including major pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, and biotechnology companies, academic
institutions and governmental agencies, and public and private research institutions. Many
of our competitors may have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical
studies, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals, and marketing approved medicines than we do. Mergers and acquisitions
in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and diagnostic industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller
number of our competitors. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel
and in establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary
to or necessary for our programs. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through
collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. The
key competitive factors affecting the success of all of our product candidates, if approved, are likely to be their efficacy, safety,
convenience, price, the effectiveness of companion diagnostics in guiding the use of related therapeutics, if any, the level of generic
competition and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. Our
commercial opportunity could be reduced or eliminated if our competitors develop and commercialize medicines that are safer, are more
effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than any medicines we may develop. Our competitors
also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their medicines more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result
in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. In addition, our ability to compete
may be affected in many cases by insurers or other third-party payors seeking to encourage the use of generic medicines. There are many
generic medicines currently on the market for certain of the indications that we are pursuing, and additional generics are expected to
become available over the coming years. If our therapeutic product candidates are approved, we expect that they will be priced at a significant
premium over competitive generic medicines. Any
product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing therapies and new therapies that may become
available in the future. If the product candidates of our priority programs are approved for the indications for which we are currently
planning clinical trials, they will compete with the drugs discussed below and will likely compete with other drugs currently in development. 18 bfLEAP TM The
analytics industry and application of AI/ML in healthcare is growing rapidly. Competition exists along the entire continuum of the drug
development process from discovery to commercialization and beyond. We believe the weakness of the industry is the quality of the data
and we believe bfLEAP TM provides several competitive advantages, that will position the Company for success, First, bfLEAP TM is highly scalable and can process data from small to extremely large, complex data sets without the need for additional code being developed.
Second, it is adept at processing and analyzing incomplete data and making predictions that we do not believe other technologies are
capable of doing. Third, bfLEAP TM has the ability to extract the most important features for analysis out of extremely large,
complex data sets using unsupervised machine learning algorithms, thereby greatly simplifying complex problems. Since data quality is
a problem that exists in the healthcare industry, we see these as major differentiators. The ability to make predictions and find relationships,
patterns, and anomalies in extremely large, complex data sets has been demonstrated by JHU-APL in other applications and sectors. Finally,
the algorithms used by bfLEAP TM are proprietary and protected, having been developed at JHU-APL. We believe most of the competitors
rely on open-source algorithms and we also believe that we have already demonstrated our superiority via the August 2021 publication
in DeepAI.org. Government
Regulation The
FDA does not currently require approval of AI/ML technologies used to aid in therapeutics, but that could change in the future. The FDA
will regulate any clinical trials conducted by the Company. Our
clinical development programs will, in some cases, require regulatory review of preclinical and/or clinical data by the FDA or other
governing agencies, and subsequent compliance with applicable federal, state, local, and foreign statutes and regulations. The results
of the clinical trials that we conduct will be evaluated by the FDA and other regulatory bodies. The comments and approvals that are
obtained are expected to lead to milestone payments under our agreements. Accordingly, our ability to navigate the regulatory process
is extremely important to the success of the Company. We believe that we have a competitive advantage in this process due to primarily
focusing on drug candidates that already have some level of success in clinical trials. Previous success of a particular candidate in
trials combined with our precision medicine approach to clinical trial design using our bfLEAP TM platform, will de-risk the
development process and improve the chances for success. Government
Regulation and Product Approval Government
authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries and jurisdictions extensively regulate,
among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling,
advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and import and export of pharmaceutical products.
The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries and jurisdictions, along with subsequent
compliance with applicable statutes and regulations and other regulatory authorities, require the expenditure of substantial time and
financial resources. FDA
Approval Process In
the United States, pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (“FD&C
Act”) and other federal and state statutes and regulations govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture,
storage, recordkeeping, approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling and
import and export of pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable United States requirements may subject a company to a
variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending new drug applications (“NDAs”), warning
or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines,
civil penalties and criminal prosecution. Pharmaceutical
product development for a new product or certain changes to an approved product in the United States typically involves preclinical laboratory
and animal tests, the submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug application (“IND”) which must become effective
before clinical testing may commence, and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to establish the safety and effectiveness of the
drug for each indication for which FDA approval is sought. Satisfaction of FDA pre-market approval requirements typically takes many
years and the actual time required may vary substantially based upon the type, complexity and novelty of the product or disease. 19 Preclinical
tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics
and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements,
including good laboratory practices. The results of preclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information,
including information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls, and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long-term preclinical
tests, such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. A 30-day waiting period
after the submission of each IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA has neither commented
on nor questioned the IND within this 30-day period, the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. Clinical trials involve the administration
of the investigational new drug to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of a qualified investigator. Clinical trials
must be conducted: (i) in compliance with federal regulations; (ii) in compliance with good clinical practice, or GCP, an international
standard meant to protect the rights and health of patients and to define the roles of clinical trial sponsors, administrators, and monitors;
as well as (iii) under protocols detailing the objectives of the trial, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety and the effectiveness
criteria to be evaluated. Each protocol involving testing on United States patients and subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted
to the FDA as part of the IND. Clinical
trials to support NDAs for marketing approval are typically conducted in three sequential phases, but the phases may overlap. In Phase
I, the initial introduction of the drug into healthy human subjects or patients, the drug is tested to assess metabolism, pharmacokinetics,
pharmacological actions, side effects associated with increasing doses, and, if possible, early evidence of effectiveness. Phase II usually
involves trials in a limited patient population to determine the effectiveness of the drug for a particular indication, dosage tolerance
and optimum dosage, and to identify common adverse effects and safety risks. If a drug demonstrates evidence of effectiveness and an
acceptable safety profile in Phase II evaluations, Phase III trials are undertaken to obtain the additional information about clinical
efficacy and safety in a larger number of patients, typically at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, to permit the FDA to
evaluate the overall benefit-risk relationship of the drug and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the drug. In most
cases, the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase III clinical trials to demonstrate the efficacy of the drug. A single
Phase III trial with other confirmatory evidence may be sufficient in rare instances, such as where the study is a large multicenter
trial demonstrating internal consistency and a statistically very persuasive finding of a clinically meaningful effect on mortality,
irreversible morbidity, or prevention of a disease with a potentially serious outcome and confirmation of the result in a second trial
would be practically or ethically impossible. After
completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. FDA approval of the NDA is required before
marketing of the product may begin in the United States. The NDA must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other testing
and a compilation of data relating to the product’s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and controls. The cost of preparing and
submitting an NDA is substantial. The submission of most NDAs is additionally subject to a substantial application user fee, and the
applicant under an approved NDA is also subject to an annual program fee for each prescription product. These fees are typically increased
annually. Sponsors of applications for drugs granted Orphan Drug Designation are exempt from these user fees. The
FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products, or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to
an outside advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation, and a recommendation
as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally
follows such recommendations. Before
approving an NDA, the FDA will typically inspect one or more clinical sites to assure compliance with GCP. Additionally, the FDA will
inspect the facility or the facilities at which the drug is manufactured. The FDA will not approve the product unless compliance with
current good manufacturing practices (cGMPs) is satisfactory and the NDA contains data that provides substantial evidence that the drug
is safe and effective in the indication studied. Fast
Track Designation The
FDA is required to facilitate the development, and expedite the review, of drugs that are intended for the treatment of a serious or
life-threatening disease or condition for which there is no effective treatment and which demonstrates the potential to address unmet
medical needs for the condition. Under the Fast Track program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request that the FDA designate
the drug candidate for a specific indication as a Fast Track drug concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the drug candidate.
FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for Fast Track Designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor’s request. 20 If
a submission is granted Fast Track Designation, the sponsor may engage in more frequent interactions with the FDA, and the FDA may review
sections of the NDA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides, and the FDA approves,
a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable user fees. However, the FDA’s time
period goal for reviewing an application does not begin until the last section of the NDA is submitted. While we may seek Fast Track
Designation, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in obtaining any such designation. Even if we do obtain such designation,
we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. A Fast Track Designation
does not ensure that the product candidate will receive marketing approval or that approval will be granted within any particular timeframe.
Additionally, Fast Track Designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that the designation is no longer supported by data
emerging in the clinical trial process. Post-Approval
Requirements Once
an NDA is approved, a product will be subject to certain post-approval requirements. For instance, the FDA closely regulates the post-approval
marketing and promotion of drugs, including standards and regulations for direct-to-consumer advertising, off-label promotion, industry-sponsored
scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. Drugs may be marketed only for the approved
indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling. Adverse
event reporting and submission of periodic reports are required following FDA approval of an NDA. The FDA also may require post-marketing
testing, known as Phase IV testing, REMS and surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved product, or the FDA may place conditions
on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the product. In addition, quality control, drug manufacture, packaging
and labeling procedures must continue to conform to cGMPs after approval. Drug manufacturers and certain of their subcontractors are
required to register their establishments with FDA and certain state agencies. Registration with the FDA subjects entities to periodic
unannounced inspections by the FDA, during which the Agency inspects manufacturing facilities to assess compliance with cGMPs. Accordingly,
manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the areas of production and quality-control to maintain compliance with
cGMPs. Regulatory authorities may withdraw product approvals or request product recalls if a company fails to comply with regulatory
standards, if it encounters problems following initial marketing, or if previously unrecognized problems are subsequently discovered. Generic
Competition In
seeking approval for a drug through an NDA, applicants are required to list with the FDA each patent whose claims cover the applicant’s
product. Upon approval of a drug, each of the patents listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA’s Approved
Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn,
be cited by potential generic competitors in support of approval of an abbreviated new drug application (“ANDA”). An ANDA
provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active ingredients in the same strengths and dosage form as the listed drug
and has been shown through bioequivalence testing to be therapeutically equivalent to the listed drug. Other than the requirement for
bioequivalence testing, ANDA applicants are not required to conduct, or submit results of, preclinical or clinical tests to prove the
safety or effectiveness of their drug product. Drugs approved in this way are commonly referred to as “generic equivalents”
to the listed drug and can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the original listed drug. The
ANDA applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the FDA’s Orange Book.
Specifically, the applicant must certify that (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has expired;
(iii) the listed patent has not expired but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration; or (iv)
the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product (a Paragraph IV certification). The ANDA applicant may also
elect to submit a section viii statement certifying that its proposed ANDA label does not contain (or carve out) any language regarding
the patented method-of-use rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents
or certifies that the listed patents will not be infringed by the new product, the ANDA application will not be approved until all the
listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification, the NDA
and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response. The filing of a patent infringement lawsuit within 45
days of the receipt of such a certification automatically prevents the FDA from approving the ANDA until the earlier of 30 months, expiration
of the patent, settlement of the lawsuit, or a decision in the infringement case that is favorable to the ANDA applicant. 21 Exclusivity Upon
NDA approval of a new chemical entity (“NCE”), that drug receives five years of marketing exclusivity during which the FDA
cannot receive any ANDA seeking approval of a generic version of that drug. An ANDA may be submitted one year before NCE exclusivity
expires if a Paragraph IV certification is filed. If there is no listed patent in the Orange Book, there may not be a Paragraph IV certification,
and, thus, no ANDA may be filed before the expiration of the exclusivity period. Certain changes to a drug, such as the addition of a
new indication to the package insert, can be the subject of a three-year period of exclusivity if the application contains reports of
new clinical investigations (other than bioavailability studies) conducted or sponsored by the sponsor that were essential to approval
of the application. The FDA cannot approve an ANDA for a generic drug that includes the change during the period of exclusivity. Patent
Term Extension After
NDA approval, owners of relevant drug patents may apply for up to a five-year patent extension. The allowable patent term extension is
calculated as half of the drug’s testing phase (the time between IND application and NDA submission) and all of the review phase
(the time between NDA submission and approval up to a maximum of five years). The time can be shortened if the FDA determines that the
applicant did not pursue approval with due diligence. The total patent term after the extension may not exceed 14 years, and only one
patent can be extended. For patents that might expire during the application phase, the patent owner may request an interim patent extension.
An interim patent extension increases the patent term by one year and may be renewed up to four times. For each interim patent extension
granted, the post-approval patent extension is reduced by one year. The director of the United States Patent and Trademark Office must
determine that approval of the drug covered by the patent for which a patent extension is being sought is likely. Interim patent extensions
are not available for a drug for which an NDA has not been submitted. Other
Healthcare Laws In
the United States, biotechnology company activities are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition
to the FDA, including but not limited to, the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”), other divisions of the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (e.g., the Office of Inspector General and the Office for Civil Rights), the U.S. Department
of Justice (“DOJ”) and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the DOJ, and state and local governments. For example, research,
sales, marketing, and scientific/educational grant programs have to comply with the anti-fraud and abuse provisions of the Social Security
Act, the federal false claims laws, the privacy and security provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (“HIPAA”)
and similar state laws, each as amended, as applicable. Also,
many states have similar fraud and abuse statutes or regulations that apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other
state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. Data
privacy and security regulations by both the federal government and the states in which business is conducted may also be applicable.
HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and its implementing regulations,
imposes requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information. HIPAA requires
covered entities to limit the use and disclosure of protected health information to specifically authorized situations and requires covered
entities to implement security measures to protect health information that they maintain in electronic form. Among other things, HITECH
made HIPAA’s security standards directly applicable to business associates, independent contractors or agents of covered entities
that receive or obtain protected health information in connection with providing a service on behalf of a covered entity. HITECH also
created four new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business
associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce
the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys’ fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions. In addition, state laws
govern the privacy and security of health information in specified circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant
ways and may not have the same effect, thus complicating compliance efforts. 22 Insurance
Coverage and Reimbursement Significant
uncertainty exists as to the insurance coverage and reimbursement status of any products for which we may obtain regulatory approval.
In the United States, sales of any product candidates for which regulatory approval for commercial sale is obtained will depend in part
on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors. Third-party payors include government authorities
and health programs in the United States such as Medicare and Medicaid, managed care providers, private health insurers and other organizations.
These third-party payors are increasingly reducing reimbursements for medical products and services. The process for determining whether
a payor will provide coverage for a drug product may be separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payor will
pay for the drug product. Third-party payors may limit coverage to specific drug products on an approved list, or formulary, which might
not include all of the FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. A payor’s decision to provide coverage for a drug product
does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, coverage and reimbursement for drug products can differ
significantly from payor to payor. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that
will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that
coverage and adequate reimbursement will be applied consistently or obtained in the first instance. Human
Capital Resources As
of December 31, 2025, the Company had 9 full-time employees, including its Chief Executive Officer, and 8 part-time employees, advisors,
and consultants, including its Chief Financial Officer. None of these employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement, and
we believe our relationship with our employees is good. We also engage consultants on an as-needed basis to supplement existing staff. We
believe that our future success will depend, in part, on our continued ability to attract, hire and retain qualified personnel. In particular,
we depend on the skills, experience and performance of our senior management and R&D personnel. We compete for qualified personnel
with other healthcare technology, pharmaceutical, and healthcare companies, as well as universities and non-profit research institutions.
We provide competitive compensation and benefits programs to help meet the needs of our employees. In addition to salaries, these programs
include incentive compensation plans, healthcare and insurance benefits, a retirement plan, paid time off, and family leave, among others.
We also use targeted equity-based grants with vesting conditions to facilitate retention of personnel, particularly for our key employees. Properties Currently,
we do not own or lease any real property. All of our employees work virtually. Legal
Proceedings We
are not a party to any legal proceedings. Corporate
Information BullFrog
AI Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in the State of Nevada in February 2020. Our principal business address is 325 Ellington Blvd, Unit
317, Gaithersburg, MD 20878. Our website address is www.bullfrogai.com . The references to our website in this annual report are
inactive textual references only. The information on our website is neither incorporated by reference into this annual report nor intended
to be used in connection with this annual report. All our operations are currently conducted through BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc. Available
Information We
file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the U.S. Securities Exchange Commission (the
“SEC”). These filings are available to the public through the SEC’s website at http://www.sec.gov. All statements made
in any of our securities filings, including all forward-looking statements or information, are made as of the date of the document in
which the statement is included unless otherwise specified, and we do not assume or undertake any obligation to update any of those statements
or documents unless we are required to do so by law. 23 ITEM
1A.

--- VENDORS ---
vendors may or could have access to our confidential information making
such systems vulnerable. Data breaches of our information technology systems, or those of our third party vendors, may pose a risk that
sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons or to the public. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from completed or
ongoing clinical trials or preclinical studies could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our
costs to recover or reproduce the data. While we believe that we have taken appropriate security measures to protect our data and information
technology systems, and have been informed by our third party vendors that they have as well, there can be no assurance that our efforts
will prevent breakdowns or breaches in our systems, or those of our third party vendors, that could materially adversely affect our business
and financial condition. We
face risks associated with security breaches or cyberattacks. We
face risks associated with security breaches or cyber-attacks of our computer systems or those of our third-party representatives, vendors,
and service providers. Armed conflicts in the Middle East and between Russia and Ukraine, and tensions with countries such as Iran and
North Korea and resulting geopolitical uncertainties also could result in an increase in cyberattacks that could either directly or indirectly
impact our operations, such as the recent cyberattacks for which Iran has taken credit for against U.S. medical device manufacturer Stryker.
Although we have implemented security procedures and controls to address these threats, such as firewalls, encryption, access controls,
and employee training programs, cybersecurity threats are dynamic and evolving and our systems may still be vulnerable to theft, loss
or misuse of data, including proprietary or confidential information, relating to our business, products, employees, suppliers and customers;
disruption due to computer viruses and programming errors; attacks by third parties including destruction of data or demanding ransom
to return control of our systems and services; or similar disruptive problems. Risks
Related to Intellectual Property Rights We
rely on various intellectual property rights, including patents and licenses in order to operate our business. Our
intellectual property rights may not be sufficiently broad or otherwise may not provide us a significant competitive advantage. In addition,
the steps that we have taken to maintain and protect our intellectual property may not prevent it from being challenged, invalidated,
circumvented or designed-around, particularly in countries where intellectual property rights are not highly developed or protected.
In some circumstances, enforcement may not be available to us because an infringer has a dominant intellectual property position or for
other business reasons, or countries may require compulsory licensing of our intellectual property. Our failure to obtain or maintain
intellectual property rights that convey competitive advantage, adequately protect our intellectual property or detect or prevent circumvention
or unauthorized use of such property, could adversely impact our competitive position and results of operations. We also rely on nondisclosure
and noncompetition agreements with employees, consultants and other parties to protect, in part, trade secrets and other proprietary
rights. There can be no assurance that these agreements will adequately protect our trade secrets and other proprietary rights and will
not be breached, that we will have adequate remedies for any breach, that others will not independently develop substantially equivalent
proprietary information or that third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or other proprietary rights. As
we expand our business, protecting our intellectual property will become increasingly important. The protective steps we have taken may
be inadequate to deter our competitors from using our proprietary information. In order to protect or enforce our patent rights, we may
be required to initiate litigation against third parties, such as infringement lawsuits. Also, these third parties may assert claims
against us with or without provocation. These lawsuits could be expensive, take significant time and could divert management’s
attention from other business concerns. The law relating to the scope and validity of claims in the technology field in which we operate
is still evolving and, consequently, intellectual property positions in our industry are generally uncertain. We cannot assure you that
we will prevail in any of these potential suits or that the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, would be commercially valuable. 30 We
could be negatively impacted if found to have infringed on intellectual property rights. Technology
companies, including many of our competitors, frequently enter into litigation based on allegations of patent infringement or other violations
of intellectual property rights. In addition, patent holding companies seek to monetize patents they have purchased or otherwise obtained.
As we grow, the intellectual property rights claims against us will likely increase. We intend to vigorously defend infringement actions
in court and before the U.S. International Trade Commission. The plaintiffs in these actions frequently seek injunctions and substantial
damages. Regardless of the scope or validity of such patents or other intellectual property rights, or the merits of any claims by potential
or actual litigants, we may have to engage in protracted litigation. If we are found to infringe on one or more patents or other intellectual
property rights, regardless of whether we can develop non-infringing technology, we may be required to pay substantial damages or royalties
to a third-party, or we may be subject to a temporary or permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or selling certain products.
In certain cases, we may consider the desirability of entering into licensing agreements, although no assurance can be given that such
licenses can be obtained on acceptable terms or that litigation will not occur. These licenses may also significantly increase our operating
expenses. Regardless of the merit of particular claims, litigation may be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to our operations and
distracting to management. In recognition of these considerations, we may enter into arrangements to settle litigation. If one or more
legal matters were resolved against us, our consolidated financial statements for that reporting period could be materially adversely
affected. Further, such an outcome could result in significant compensatory, punitive or trebled monetary damages, disgorgement of revenue
or profits, remedial corporate measures or injunctive relief against us that could adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. We
rely heavily on our technology and intellectual property, but we may be unable to adequately or cost-effectively protect or enforce our
intellectual property rights, thereby weakening our competitive position and increasing operating costs. To
protect our rights in our services and technology, we rely on a combination of copyright and trademark laws, patents, trade secrets,
confidentiality agreements and protective contractual provisions. We also rely on laws pertaining to trademarks and domain names to protect
the value of our corporate brands and reputation. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, unauthorized parties may copy
aspects of our services or technology, obtain and use information, marks, or technology that we regard as proprietary, or otherwise violate
or infringe our intellectual property rights. In addition, it is possible that others could independently develop substantially equivalent
intellectual property. If we do not effectively protect our intellectual property, or if others independently develop substantially equivalent
intellectual property, our competitive position could be weakened. Effectively
policing the unauthorized use of our services and technology is time-consuming and costly, and the steps taken by us may not prevent
misappropriation of our technology or other proprietary assets. The efforts we have taken to protect our proprietary rights may not be
sufficient or effective, and unauthorized parties may copy aspects of our services, use similar marks or domain names, or obtain and
use information, marks, or technology that we regard as proprietary. We may have to litigate to enforce our intellectual property rights,
to protect our trade secrets, or to determine the validity and scope of others’ proprietary rights, which are sometimes not clear
or may change. Litigation can be time consuming and expensive, and the outcome can be difficult to predict. We
rely on agreements with third parties to provide certain services, goods, technology, and intellectual property rights necessary to enable
us to implement some of our applications. Our
ability to implement and provide our applications and services to our clients depends, in part, on services, goods, technology, and intellectual
property rights owned or controlled by third parties. These third parties may become unable to or refuse to continue to provide these
services, goods, technology, or intellectual property rights on commercially reasonable terms consistent with our business practices,
or otherwise discontinue a service important for us to continue to operate our applications. If we fail to replace these services, goods,
technologies, or intellectual property rights in a timely manner or on commercially reasonable terms, our operating results and financial
condition could be harmed. In addition, we exercise limited control over our third-party vendors, which increases our vulnerability to
problems with technology and services those vendors provide. If the services, technology, or intellectual property of third parties were
to fail to perform as expected, it could subject us to potential liability, adversely affect our renewal rates, and have an adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations. 31 If
any third-party owners of intellectual property we may license in the future do not properly maintain or enforce the patents underlying
such licenses, our competitive position and business prospects will be harmed. We
may enter into licenses for third-party intellectual property in the future. Our success will depend in part on the ability of our licensors
to obtain, maintain and enforce patent protection for their intellectual property, in particular, those patents to which we have secured
exclusive rights. If
applicable, our licensors may not successfully prosecute the patent applications to which we are licensed. Even if patents issue in respect
of any such patent applications, our licensors may fail to maintain these patents, may determine not to pursue litigation against other
companies that are infringing these patents, or may pursue such litigation less aggressively than we would. In addition, our licensors
may terminate their agreements with us in the event we breach the applicable license agreement and fail to cure the breach within a specified
period of time. Without protection for the intellectual property we license, other companies might be able to offer substantially identical
products for sale, which could materially adversely affect our competitive business position, business prospects and financial condition. Because
our research and development of drug candidates often incorporates compounds and other information that is the intellectual property
of third parties, we depend on continued access to such intellectual property to conduct and complete our preclinical and clinical research
and commercialize the drug candidates that result from this research. We expect that future licenses would impose numerous obligations
on us. For example, under our existing and future license agreements, we may be required to pay (i) annual maintenance fees until a drug
candidate is sold for the first time, (ii) running royalties on net sales of drug candidates, (iii) minimum annual royalties after a
drug candidate is sold for the first time, and (iv) one-time payments upon the achievement of specified milestones. We may also be required
to reimburse patent costs incurred by the licensor, or we may be obligated to pay additional royalties, at specified rates, based on
net sales of our drug candidates that incorporate the licensed intellectual property rights. We may also be obligated under some of these
agreements to pay a percentage of any future sublicensing revenues that we may receive. Future license agreements may also include payment
obligations such as milestone payments or minimum expenditures for research and development. We expect that any future licenses would
contain reporting, insurance and indemnification requirements. We are actively reviewing and preparing additional patent applications
to expand our patent portfolio, but there can be no assurances that patents related to our existing patent applications or any applications
we may file in the future will be issued or that any issued patents will provide meaningful protection for our drug candidates, which
could materially adversely affect our competitive business position, business prospects and financial condition. Confidentiality
agreements with employees and others may not adequately prevent disclosure of trade secrets and other proprietary information and may
not adequately protect our intellectual property. We
rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However,
trade secrets are difficult to protect. In order to protect our proprietary technology and processes, we also rely, in part, on confidentiality
and intellectual property assignment agreements with our corporate partners, employees, consultants, outside scientific collaborators
and sponsored researchers and other advisors. These agreements may not effectively prevent disclosure of confidential information nor
result in the effective assignment to us of intellectual property, and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized
disclosure of confidential information or other breaches of the agreements. In addition, others may independently discover our trade
secrets and proprietary information, and in such case we could not assert any trade secret rights against such party. Enforcing a claim
that a party illegally obtained and is using our trade secrets is difficult, expensive and time-consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable.
In addition, courts outside the U.S. may be less willing to protect trade secrets. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary
to seek to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain trade secret protection could
materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. 32 Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Securities Because
Vininder Singh, our Chief Executive Officer and director, controls a significant number of shares of our voting capital stock, he has
significant influence over actions requiring stockholder approval. Mr.
Vininder Singh, our Chief Executive Officer and a director, beneficially owns approximately 18.7% of the Company’s common stock.
As a result, Mr. Singh possesses significant influence on the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including
the election of directors and any merger, consolidation or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. Accordingly, any investors
who purchase shares will be minority stockholders and as such will have little to no say in the direction of us and the election of directors.
Additionally, this concentration of ownership might harm the market price of our common stock by: ● delaying,
                                            deferring or preventing a change in corporate control; ● impeding
                                            a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us; or ● discouraging
                                            a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control
                                            of us. The
price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially. You
should consider an investment in our common stock to be risky, and you should invest in our common stock only if you can withstand a
significant loss and wide fluctuations in the market value of your investment. Some factors that may cause the market price of our common
stock to fluctuate, in addition to the other risks mentioned in this “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and/or drug product for
our R&D and clinical trials, and, in some cases, may also require establishment of third-party arrangements to obtain finished
drug product that is manufactured appropriately under good manufacturing practices, and packaged for clinical use or sale. Since we
are a company focused on using our AI/ML technology to advance medicines, any clinical development programs will also require, in
all cases, partners and the establishment of third-party relationships for execution and completion of clinical trials. Since
completing our initial public offering in February 2023 (the “IPO”), aided by the receipt of the IPO proceeds in addition
to the proceeds from our February 2024 and October 2024 offerings and our ongoing At-The-Market Sales Agreement with BTIG, LLC (the “ATM
Agreement”) and common stock purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC, we have implemented several initiatives including:
investor relations and marketing to raise awareness of the Company in the financial and business sectors, research and development, and
initiation of preclinical studies with our in-licensed drug programs. The Company is actively engaged in developing and pursuing new
intellectual property as it strives to continuously evolve its AI/ML platform. Internally,
we have added incremental staff to accelerate execution and the development of processes and custom scripts for use in performing new
drug target discovery and analytical services for customers, while also launching initiatives targeting large public health data sources
and seeking access to proprietary health data sources, such as our agreement with the LIBD. We are also continuing to improve our accounting
and financial reporting systems and processes to enhance our internal control environment as a public company. Capital from the IPO was
also used to retire two notes that were sold to fund the Company through the IPO as well as other debts accrued over time to our staff,
employees and consultants, and obligations related to the acquisition of our licensed drug programs. We
have had negative cash flows from operations and operated at a net loss since inception. In the first quarter of 2023, we completed our
IPO. In February 2024, we received net proceeds of approximately $5.7 million from an underwritten public offering of common stock and
warrants. In October 2024, we received net proceeds of approximately $2.7 million from a registered direct offering of common stock and
pre-funded warrants, and concurrent private placement of common stock warrants. Through December 31, 2025, we received approximately
$2.6 million of net proceeds from the sale of our common stock pursuant to the ATM Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, the Company has
a cash balance of approximately $2.3 million, which includes restricted cash of $0.1 million held by a financial institution as collateral
for the Company’s corporate credit card program. As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents position
is not sufficient to fund the Company’s planned operations for at least a year beyond the filing date of the consolidated financial
statements. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The ability to continue
as a going concern is dependent upon us utilizing the financing facilities available to us and/or obtaining necessary additional financing
and/or revenues to meet our obligations arising from normal business operations when they become due. 39 Our
Strategy We
have a strategy designed to reduce risk and increase the frequency of cash flow. The first part of the strategy is to generate
revenues through strategic relationships with biopharma companies. These relationships will be structured as a combination of fees
in cash and, in some instances, equity in our partners, or other consideration and intellectual property based on the specific scope of the engagement.
The objective of these engagements will be to uncover valuable insights to reduce the risk and increase the speed of the drug
development process, which can be achieved through manual or automated integration into the client’s workflow or analysis of
discrete data sets. In
the future, the second part of our strategy involves acquiring the rights to drugs at various stages of development and using our proprietary
AI/ML technology to advance the development of such drugs, with the objective of creating near term value and then exiting and monetizing
as quickly as possible, preferably within approximately 30 months. Results
of Operations For
the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 Collaboration
Revenue and Cost of Collaboration Revenue In
the year ended December 31, 2025, we recognized revenue and cost of revenue of approximately $117,000 and $95,000, respectively, which
entirely related to our lone collaboration agreement with Eleison Pharmaceuticals Inc. (“Eleison”), a Phase III oncology
company focused on novel chemotherapeutic treatments for rare cancers. We had no active customer agreements in the year ended December
31, 2024 and, therefore, no revenue was recognized. Operating
Expenses Year
    ended December 31, Net
    Change 2025 2024 $ % Operating
    expenses: Research
    and development $ 1,799,738 $ 2,223,265 $ (423,527 ) -19 % General
    and administrative 4,816,790 5,013,118 (196,328 ) -4 % Total
    operating expenses $ 6,616,528 $ 7,236,383 $ (619,855 ) -9 % Research
and Development Our
research and development expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025 decreased compared the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily
due to a reduction in personnel costs and the allocation of certain personnel costs from research and development to cost of revenue
related to our collaboration with Eleison. General
and Administrative Our
general and administrative expenses for the year ended December 31, 2025 decreased compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily
due to reductions in our director and officer insurance policy premium and recruiting fees, partially offset by an increase in noncash
stock-based compensation expense. Other
Income (Expense), Net Interest
expense decreased by approximately $12,000 for the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to the same period ended December 31, 2024
due to a decrease in our director and officer insurance policy premium loan. Interest income decreased by approximately $159,000 primarily
due to a decrease in our average cash balances. Liquidity
and Capital Resources Through
December 31, 2025, we have an accumulated deficit of approximately $23.3 million and we have funded our operations through the sale of
common stock, warrants and debt. We anticipate that our expenses will increase in the future to support our service offerings, clinical
and pre-clinical research and development activities associated with strategic partnering and collaborations, as well as acquired product
candidates. These increases could include increased costs related to the hiring of additional personnel and fees to outside consultants,
lawyers, and accountants, among other expenses. 40 In
February 2024, we completed an underwritten offering of common stock and warrants generating approximately $5.7 million of net proceeds.
In October 2024, we completed a registered direct offering of common stock and pre-funded warrants, and concurrent private placement
of common stock warrants generating approximately $2.7 million of net proceeds. In
April 2025, we entered into an ATM Agreement with BTIG, LLC, pursuant to which we may offer and sell shares of common stock, from
time to time in our sole discretion, at the market price up to an aggregate offering price of $20 million. We are not obligated to
sell any shares, and BTIG is not required to sell any specific number or dollar amount of shares of common stock. Accordingly, we
will not receive any proceeds from such transaction until shares are actually sold by BTIG. Subject to our request to sell shares,
BTIG will use commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, to sell shares of common
stock on our behalf in accordance with Company instructions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that we will
be able to sell, when needed, sufficient shares under the ATM Agreement to fund planned operations. In the year ended December 31,
2025, we received approximately $2.6 million of net proceeds from the sale of 1,686,511 shares of our common stock at an average
price of approximately $1.59 per share. Subsequent to year end 2025, we received approximately $0.9 million of net proceeds from the
sale of 976,204 shares of our common stock at an average price of approximately $0.90 per share. Consequently, as of the date of
this filing, approximately $16.4 million of capacity remains available under the ATM Agreement; however, the amount we are permitted
to raise in any 12-month period is currently limited based on our public float pursuant to SEC General Instruction I.B.6 of Form
S-3. Accordingly, as of the date of this filing, we are limited to additional common stock sales of approximately $1.1 million under
the ATM Agreement. In
September 2025, we entered into a purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (“Lincoln Park”), pursuant to which
Lincoln Park committed to purchase up to $10.0 million of our common stock, subject to certain limitations. We have the right, but not
the obligation, to sell to Lincoln Park, and Lincoln Park is obligated to purchase up to $10.0 million of our common stock. Such sales
of common stock by the Company, if any, will be subject to certain limitations set forth in the purchase agreement, and may occur from
time to time, at our sole discretion, over the 36-month period commencing on November 25, 2025, the date that the conditions to Lincoln
Park’s purchase obligation set forth in the purchase agreement were satisfied. In connection with the purchase agreement, we issued
147,682 shares of common stock valued at approximately $207,000 to Lincoln Park as a fee in advance of any sales pursuant to this facility.
No shares were sold under this facility during the year ended December 31, 2025. In January 2026, we received net proceeds of approximately
$218,000 from the sale of 270,000 shares of common stock at an average price of approximately $0.81 per share. As
of December 31, 2025, our cash and cash equivalents position is not sufficient to fund our planned operations for at least a year beyond
the filing date of the consolidated financial statements. These factors raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going
concern. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon us utilizing the financing facilities available to us and/or obtaining
necessary additional financing and/or revenues to meet our obligations arising from normal business operations when they become due.
Accordingly, we will seek additional capital to continue to execute our strategy as discussed above. On
August 21, 2025, we received a letter from the listing staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) that we were no
longer in compliance with the minimum stockholders’ equity requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq pursuant to Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) (the “Stockholders’ Equity Rule”). The Stockholders’ Equity Rule requires companies
listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market to maintain stockholders’ equity of at least $2,500,000 or to meet alternatives of market
value of listed securities or net income from continuing operations, which we do not currently meet. In accordance with Nasdaq
rules, we had 45 calendar days, or until October 6, 2025, to submit a plan to regain compliance. After submitting the plan to regain
compliance, on October 7, 2025, Nasdaq granted us an extension until February 17, 2026, to comply with Listing Rule 5550(b)(1). On
February 19, 2026, we received a further notice from Nasdaq (the “February Letter”) notifying us that Nasdaq determined
that we had not met the terms of the extension. We thereafter timely requested a hearing before an independent Nasdaq Hearings Panel
(the “Panel”) which automatically stayed any suspension or delisting action pending the hearing and the expiration of any
extension period granted by the Panel following the hearing. At the hearing, we plan to present additional details of our Plan and
provide an update on our efforts to regain compliance. We will also request additional time to complete the steps of our Plan and
regain compliance with all applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules. 41 On
February 10, 2026, we received a letter from Nasdaq notifying us that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the closing bid price
for our common stock, par value $0.00001 per share (the “Common Stock”), was below $1.00 per share, which is the minimum
closing bid price required for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market (the “Minimum Bid Price Requirement”) pursuant
to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the “Bid Price Notice”). The Bid Price Notice had no immediate effect on the listing of
our Common Stock and tradeable warrants. As such, our Common Stock will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
“BFRG,” and our tradeable warrants will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “BFRGW.”
In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), we were provided a compliance period of 180 calendar days from the date of the
Bid Price Notice, or until August 10, 2026, to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. If at any time during the 180-calendar
day grace period, the closing bid price of our Common Stock is at least $1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days
(unless the Nasdaq staff exercises its discretion to extend this ten business day period pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(H)),
Nasdaq will provide us written confirmation of compliance, and the matter will be closed. If we do not regain compliance during the initial
180-calendar day compliance period, we may be provided a second 180-calendar day period to regain compliance. If we do not regain compliance
within the allotted compliance periods, including any extensions that may be granted by Nasdaq, our listed securities will be subject
to delisting. We would thereafter have the right to appeal a determination to delist our securities, and our securities would remain
listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market until the completion of the appeal process. Notably, at a Special Meeting of Stockholders in October
2025, the Company received stockholder approval to effect a reverse stock split at a ratio of not less than 1-to-2 and not more than
1-to-15, such ratio and timing to be determined in the discretion of the Company’s Board of Directors. Consolidated
Cash Flow Data Year
    ended December 31, 2025 2024 Net
    Change Net cash (used in) provided by Operating activities $ (5,522,265 ) $ (5,610,249 ) $ 87,984 Investing activities - - - Financing
    activities 2,374,987 8,421,502 (6,046,515 ) Net (decrease) increase
    in cash and cash equivalents $ (3,147,278 ) $ 2,811,253 $ (5,958,531 ) Cash
Flows Used in Operating Activities Net
cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 decreased by approximately $88,000 compared to the year ended
December 31, 2024, primarily due to decreased operating costs in 2025 attributable to a reduction in personnel costs, partially offset
by the timing and payment of vendor invoices and associated impact to accounts payable. Cash
Flows Used in Investing Activities There
was no cash used in investing activities during any of the periods presented. Cash
Flows Provided by Financing Activities Net
cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 decreased, compared to the year ended December 31, 2024, primarily
due to proceeds from our offerings and warrant exercises in 2024, partially offset by proceeds from sales of common stock under our ATM
Agreement in 2025. Critical
Accounting Policies In
Note 2 of our Audited Financial Statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 found elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we
included a discussion of the most critical accounting policies used in the preparation of our financial statements. Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements We
do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements, as such term is defined in Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K. 42 Financial
Operations Overview Revenue In
February 2025, we entered into a collaboration agreement with Eleison Pharmaceuticals Inc., a Phase III oncology company focused on novel
chemotherapeutic treatments for rare cancers, and we recognized revenue of approximately $117,000 pursuant to this agreement. Additionally,
in June 2025, we entered into a strategic collaboration agreement with Sygnature Discovery (“Sygnature”), pursuant to which
we established a joint marketing arrangement where Sygnature will introduce our BullFrog Data Networks™ platform to Sygnature’s
global biopharma client base; however, we have not yet recognized any revenue under this collaboration. While we are currently in discussions
with other potential partners, there can be no assurance of entering into other business relationships. We did not recognize any revenue
in 2024. Cost
of Revenue Cost
of revenue consists primarily of the allocation of personnel costs (e.g. payroll, benefits, and consulting fees) of our employees and
third-party consultants directly attributable to the satisfaction of our performance obligations under our revenue arrangements. Research
and Development Costs and Expenses Research
and development costs and expenses include development activities related to our licensed drug candidates and our discovery efforts and
collaborations. In addition to fees paid to external service providers, we are also allocating costs for internal personnel working on
these activities as well as their efforts to develop our product and service offerings using bfLEAP™. We anticipate that our research
and development costs could become significant over time as we execute on our business plan and begin conducting preclinical research
and development activities directed at securing development partners and filing an investigational new drug (IND) application for our
licensed drug development programs described in this filing, as well as under strategic partnerships and for other drug development programs
we may acquire. Research and development expenses are recorded in operating expenses in the period in which they are incurred. Estimates
will be used in determining the expense liability of certain costs where services have been performed but not yet invoiced. We will monitor
levels of performance under each significant contract for external services through communications with the service providers to reflect
the actual amount expended. General
and Administrative Expenses General
and administrative costs and expenses include personnel costs and costs associated with being a public company such as directors and
officers insurance, audit and tax provider fees, legal fees, and exchange listing costs. Additionally, our general and administrative
costs include expenses for our business development, investor relations and marketing efforts. We anticipate our general and administrative
expenses increasing in the future to support our service offerings and clinical and pre-clinical research and development activities
associated with strategic partnering and collaborations. Emerging
Growth Company and Smaller Reporting Company Status We
are an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (“JOBS Act”) and may take advantage
of reduced reporting requirements that are otherwise applicable to public companies. Section 107 of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth
companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies are required to comply
with those standards. We have elected to use the extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards. This
may make it difficult to compare our financial results with the financial results of another public company that is either not an emerging
growth company or is an emerging growth company that has chosen not to take advantage of the extended transition period exemptions because
of the potential differences in accounting standards used. We
are also considered a “smaller reporting company”, meaning that the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates plus
the aggregate amount of gross proceeds to us as a result of the IPO is less than $700 million and our annual revenue was less than $100
million during the most recently completed fiscal year. We may continue to be a smaller reporting company if either (i) the market value
of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $250 million or (ii) our annual revenue was less than $100 million during the most recently
completed fiscal year and the market value of our stock held by non-affiliates is less than $700 million. If we are a smaller reporting
company at the time we cease to be an emerging growth company, we may continue to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements
that are available to smaller reporting companies. Specifically, as a smaller reporting company we may choose to present only the two
most recent fiscal years of audited financial statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and, similar to emerging growth companies,
smaller reporting companies have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 43 ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The
financial statements required to be filed pursuant to this Item 8 are appended to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See “Index to
Consolidated Financial Statements” which appears on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and is incorporated herein by
reference. ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We
are required to maintain “disclosure controls and procedures” as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”). In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, our management
recognized that disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute,
assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. The design of any disclosure controls and procedures is
also based, in part, upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will
succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. We conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2025. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the reporting period covered in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. Management’s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Exchange
Act Rule 13a-15. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and Board of Directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of
published financial statements. A
control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of
the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the
benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation
of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of error or fraud, if any, within our Company have been
detected. However, these inherent limitations are known features of the financial reporting process. Therefore, it is possible to design
safeguards into the process to reduce, though not eliminate, this risk. Management
conducted an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 based on the framework and criteria
established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013).
Based on the assessment, and the noted remediation of the previously identified material weaknesses, management concluded that, as of
December 31, 2025, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 44 Remediation
of Previously Reported Material Weaknesses As
previously disclosed, management identified material weaknesses in its internal controls over financial reporting at December 31, 2023
which continued to be unremediated as of December 31, 2024. Specifically, Management noted the Company did not properly document, implement
or operate a system of effective internal controls over financial reporting. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of
deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of the company’s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As
of December 31, 2025, management implemented the following improvements to its internal controls over financial reporting. Namely, the
Company: ● transitioned
                                            its day-to-day accounting processes to an external firm including automating its vendor payments; ● completed
                                            the transfer of the overall accounting process to an enterprise type accounting platform; ● reviewed
                                            the design and effectiveness of our controls including the creation of an annual risk assessment
                                            and ongoing monitoring activities; and ● evaluated
                                            all internal and external resources to ensure they are appropriate for the level and complexity
                                            of our current operations, including the hiring of a Corporate Controller in 2024. Management
has evaluated these improvements and remediation efforts and believes its internal controls over financial reporting are now operating
effectively, and consequently, determined that the material weaknesses have been remediated. Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Other
than the changes noted above related to the remediation of material weaknesses, there has been no change in our internal controls over
financial reporting during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION Insider
Trading Plans During
the quarter ended December 31, 2025, none of our directors or executive officers adopted , modified or terminated any contract, instruction
or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule
10b5-1(c) or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement”. As previously discussed, in June 2023 , Vininder Singh , the Chief
Executive Officer and a Director of the Company , entered into a 10b5-1 sales plan (the “10b-5 Sales Plan”) intended to satisfy
the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. The 10b5 Sales Plan provides for the sale of up to 1,000,000 shares
of common stock and will remain in effect until the earlier of (1) August 31, 2025; or (2) the date on which an aggregate of 1,000,000 shares of common stock have been sold under the 10b5 Sales Plan. Pursuant to the 10b5 Sales Plan, 50,000 shares were sold under the plan
in September 2023, 100,000 shares were sold under the plan in the first quarter of 2024, and 50,000 shares were sold under the plan in
each of the second, third, and fourth quarters of 2024, and in each of the first, second, and third quarters of 2025. The 10b5 Sales
Plan expired in accordance with its terms on August 31, 2025. ITEM
9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not
applicable. 45 PART
III ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS, AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Executive
Officers and Directors The
following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our executive officers, key employees and directors. Name Age Position(s) Executive
    Officers: Vininder
    Singh 58 Chief
    Executive Officer and Director Josh
    Blacher 54 Chief
    Financial Officer Non-Executive
    Directors: R.
    Donald Elsey 73 Director
    and Chair of Audit Committee William
    Enright 63 Director
    and Chair of Compensation Committee Jason
    D. Hanson 58 Director
    and Chair of Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Vininder
(Vin) Singh is the Founder, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer of BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc. since its inception in August 2017.
Over the past eight years, he has built the Company from scratch and during that time he has led strategy, built a highly experienced
team of leaders, spear headed the acquisition and development of BullFrog’s core AI technology and drug assets, secured the first
revenue, and raised approximately $2 million in financing prior to the Company’s IPO in February 2023. In February 2020, he formed
BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc., and BullFrog AI Inc. became a wholly owned subsidiary designated as the holder of core intellectual property.
Mr. Singh is a serial entrepreneur and experienced executive with 25 years of experience in the life sciences and biotechnology industries.
He has extensive start-up experience having founded and built several pioneering investor-backed companies including BullFrog AI, which
uses machine learning/AI to enable drug development, Next Healthcare Inc., a personalized diagnostics and adult cell banking service,
and MaxCyte Inc. (NASDAQ: MXCT), a cell therapy company. He was also an executive at GlobalStem Inc. and ThermoFisher Scientific, leading
their global cell therapy services business. Mr. Singh has a B.S. in Electrical Engineering from Rutgers University, an M.S. in Biomedical
Engineering from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, and an M.B.A. from Johns Hopkins University. We believe that Mr. Singh is qualified
to serve as a member of our board of directors due to the perspective and experience that he brings as our Founder and Chief Executive
Officer and his extensive experience in the science and biotechnology industries and in the management of startup companies. Josh
Blacher has been the Chief Financial Officer of BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc. since December 2024. Mr. Blacher has served as an employee
of Danforth Advisors since September 2022, where he has worked as a Chief Financial Officer in a consulting capacity for a number of
life sciences companies as well as Managing Partner of Columbus Circle Capital LLC since August 2019. In his capacity as a consultant
of Danforth, he has served as Chief Financial Officer of Predictive Oncology since September 2023 as well as Axe Compute, among others.
During his tenure at Columbus Circle Capital, Mr. Blacher has served as chief financial officer at several public and private companies.
Prior to his tenure at Columbus Circle Capital, Mr. Blacher served as Chief Business Officer at InMed Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: INM) from
April 2018 to August 2019, as Chief Financial Officer of Therapix Biosciences (Nasdaq: TRPX) from April 2017 to April 2018, and as Chief
Financial Officer at Galmed Pharmaceuticals (Nasdaq: GLMD) from October 2014 to March 2017. Earlier in his career, Mr. Blacher served
in senior capacities at Teva Pharmaceuticals, Deutsche Asset Management and Morgan Stanley. Mr. Blacher holds a Bachelor of Arts from
Yeshiva University and an M.B.A. from Columbia Business School. R.
Don Elsey has been a director and chair of the Audit Committee of our board since February 14, 2023. Mr. Elsey was the CFO of Lyra
Therapeutics from 2019 until his retirement in December 2020. Previously, from February 2015 to February 2019, Mr. Elsey served as Chief
Financial Officer at Senseonics, Inc., a medical device company. From May 2014 until February 2015, Mr. Elsey served as Chief Financial
Officer of Regado Biosciences, Inc., a biopharmaceutical company. From December 2012 to February 2014, Mr. Elsey served as Chief Financial
Officer of LifeCell Corporation, a privately held regenerative medicine company. Mr. Elsey previously served as the chair of the Audit
Committee and member of the Board of Directors of OpGen, Inc., a precision medicine company. Mr. Elsey holds a B.A. in economics and
an M.B.A. in finance from Michigan State University. We believe that Mr. Elsey is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors
because of his extensive professional experience in science and biotechnology companies. William
“Bill” Enright has been a director and chair of the Compensation Committee of our board since February 14, 2023. He is
a seasoned biotech executive with more than thirty-five years of experience in building and financing both privately held and publicly
held companies and he is currently the Chief Executive Officer and a Director of Barinthus Biotherapeutics plc (NASDAQ: BRNS), which
he helped take public in April 2021. Prior to Barinthus, Mr. Enright spent more than ten years at Altimmune (NASDAQ: ALT) as a Director,
President & Chief Executive Officer, moving multiple programs into clinical testing, completing several acquisitions, and eventually
taking the company public. Prior to joining Altimmune, Mr. Enright spent six years with GenVec, Inc. (acquired by Precigen) with increasing
responsibilities, culminating as Head of Business Development. He brings a breadth of experience in a variety of positions within the
life science/biotech industry, including time as a consultant, a bench scientist and 12 years with Life Technologies, Inc. (acquired
by Thermo-Fisher), working in various senior level licensing, business management, manufacturing and research roles. Mr. Enright received
a Master of Arts in Molecular Biology from SUNY at Buffalo and a Master of Science in Business Management from Johns Hopkins University.
We believe that Mr. Enright is qualified to serve as a member of our board of directors because of his extensive professional experience
in life science/biotech companies and in the management of public companies. 46 Jason
Hanson has served as a director and chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee since February 14, 2023. Mr. Hanson
served as Chief Executive Officer and as a Director of enGene Inc. from July 2018 to July 2024. He also served as President of enGene
Inc. from July 2018 to December 2022. Mr. Hanson effectively launched enGene from a small private company working in the GI discovery
space into a clinical stage gene therapy oncology company trading on Nasdaq, with a massively differentiated lead product to treat bladder
cancer, implementing a new scientific, technical and strategic vision for the Company. From August 2016 to November 2017, Mr. Hanson
served as President and Chief Executive Officer of Ohana Biosciences, a biotechnology company based in Cambridge, MA, and as a member
of the Ohana Board of Directors and consultant to Ohana from November 2017 to June 2018. Mr. Hanson previously served as Executive Vice
President and Chief Strategy Officer for NuVasive, Inc. from November 2015 to August 2016. Mr. Hanson served as Corporate Vice President
of General Electric Company and member of the senior executive team of GE Healthcare, a global pharmaceutical, medical device and healthcare
services business from May 2014 to October 2015. In January 2013, Mr. Hanson served as Company Group Chairman and Executive Vice President
of Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. (now Bausch Health Companies Inc.). Previously, he served in various roles at Medicis
Pharmaceutical Corporation, including as Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer between July 2006 and December 2012. Mr.
Hanson also served in numerous roles at GE Healthcare, including General Counsel roles, from April 1999 to July 2006. Mr. Hanson holds
a B.S. from Cornell University and a J.D. from Duke University School of Law. We believe that Mr. Hanson is qualified to serve as a member of our board
of directors because of his extensive professional experience in science and biotechnology companies. Role
of Board of Directors in Risk Oversight Process The
board of directors has extensive involvement in the oversight of risk management related to us and our business and accomplishes this
oversight through the regular reporting by the Audit Committee. The information set forth in Item 1C is incorporated herein by reference. Director
Independence Messrs.
Elsey, Enright and Hanson, three members of our Board of Directors, are independent using the definition of independence under Nasdaq
Listing Rule 5605(a)(2) and the standards established by the SEC. Committees
of our Board Audit
Committee Our
audit committee consists of Don Elsey, William Enright and Jason Hanson, with Mr. Elsey serving as chair. Our board of directors has
affirmatively determined that each meets the definition of “independent director” under the rules of The Nasdaq Capital Market,
and that they each meet the independence standards under Rule 10A-3. Each member of our audit committee meets the financial literacy
requirements of Nasdaq rules, and qualifies as a financial expert within the meaning of SEC regulations and meets the financial sophistication
requirements of the pertinent listing standards of Nasdaq, as in effect from time to time. In making this determination, our board of
directors has considered the members’ formal education and previous and current experience in financial roles. Our board of directors
has adopted a written charter for the audit committee, which can be found on our website at https://ir.bullfrogai.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents. The
audit committee is appointed by the board of directors to assist the board of directors in its duty to oversee the Company’s accounting,
financial reporting, and internal control functions and the audit of the Company’s financial statements. The role of the audit
committee is to oversee management in the performance of its responsibility for the integrity of the Company’s accounting and financial
reporting and its systems of internal controls, the performance and qualifications of the Company’s independent auditor, including
the independent auditor’s independence, the performance of the Company’s internal audit function, and the Company’s
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. The audit committee met five times in 2025. 47 Compensation
Committee Our
compensation committee consists of William Enright, Don Elsey and Jason Hanson, with Mr. Enright serving as chair. Our board of directors
has adopted a written charter for the compensation committee, which can be found on our website at https://ir.bullfrogai.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents. The
compensation committee is responsible for reviewing and recommending, among other things: ● the
                                            adequacy and form of compensation of the board; ● the
                                            compensation of the Chief Executive Officer, including base salary, incentive bonus, stock
                                            option and other grant awards, and benefits upon hiring and on an annual basis; ● the
                                            compensation of other senior management upon hiring and on an annual basis; and ● the
                                            Company’s incentive compensation and other equity-based plans and recommending changes
                                            to such plans to our board of directors, when necessary. The
compensation committee met two times in 2025. Nominating
& Corporate Governance Committee Our
nominating and corporate governance committee consists of Jason Hanson, William Enright and Don Elsey, with Mr. Hanson serving as chair.
Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the nominating and corporate governance committee, which can be found on our
website at https://ir.bullfrogai.com/corporategovernance/governance-documents. The
nominating and corporate governance committee is responsible for, among other things: ● developing
                                            criteria for membership on the board of directors and committees; ● identifying
                                            individuals qualified to become members of the board of directors; ● recommending
                                            persons to be nominated for election as directors and to each committee of the board of directors; ● annually
                                            reviewing our corporate governance guidelines; and ● monitoring
                                            and evaluating the performance of the board of directors and leading the board in an annual
                                            self-assessment of its practices and effectiveness. The
nominating and corporate governance committee met one time in 2025. Term
of office All
directors hold office until the next annual meeting of the stockholders of the company and until their successors have been duly elected
and qualified. Officers are elected by and serve at the discretion of our Board. Code
of Business Conduct and Ethics We
have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal
accounting officer or controller, employees and persons performing similar functions. Our code of ethics can be found at https://ir.bullfrogai.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents. Clawback
Policy The
Board adopted the BullFrog AI Compensation Recoupment Policy (the “Clawback Policy”), effective in December 2023,
providing for the recovery of certain incentive-based compensation from current and former executive officers of the Company in the
event the Company is required to restate any of its financial statements filed with the SEC under the Exchange Act in order to
correct an error that is material to the previously-issued financial statements, or that would result in a material misstatement if
the error were corrected in the current period or left uncorrected in the current period. Adoption of the Clawback Policy was
mandated by new Nasdaq listing standards introduced pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 10D-1. The Clawback Policy is in addition to
Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 which permits the SEC to order the disgorgement of bonuses and incentive-based
compensation earned by a registrant issuer’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer in the year following the
filing of any financial statement that the issuer is required to restate because of misconduct, and the reimbursement of those funds
to the issuer. A copy of the Clawback Policy is attached as an exhibit to this annual report and can be found at
https://ir.bullfrogai.com/corporate-governance/governance-documents. 48 Family
Relationships There
are no family relationships among and between the issuer’s directors, officers, persons nominated or chosen by the issuer to become
directors or officers, or beneficial owners of more than ten percent of any class of the issuer’s equity securities. Involvement
in Certain Legal Proceedings Our
directors and executive officers have not been involved in any of the following events during the past ten years: 1. any
                                            bankruptcy petition filed by or against such person or any business of which such person
                                            was a general partner or executive officer either at the time of the bankruptcy or within
                                            two years prior to that time; 2. any
                                            conviction in a criminal proceeding or being subject to a pending criminal proceeding (excluding
                                            traffic violations and other minor offenses); 3. being
                                            subject to any order, judgment, or decree, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated,
                                            of any court of competent jurisdiction, permanently or temporarily enjoining him from or
                                            otherwise limiting his involvement in any type of business, securities or banking activities
                                            or to be associated with any person practicing in banking or securities activities; 4. being
                                            found by a court of competent jurisdiction in a civil action, the SEC or the Commodity Futures
                                            Trading Commission to have violated a Federal or state securities or commodities law, and
                                            the judgment has not been reversed, suspended, or vacated; 5. being
                                            subject of, or a party to, any Federal or state judicial or administrative order, judgment
                                            decree, or finding, not subsequently reversed, suspended or vacated, relating to an alleged
                                            violation of any Federal or state securities or commodities law or regulation, any law or
                                            regulation respecting financial institutions or insurance companies, or any law or regulation
                                            prohibiting mail or wire fraud or fraud in connection with any business entity; or 6. being
                                            subject of or party to any sanction or order, not subsequently reversed, suspended, or vacated,
                                            of any self-regulatory organization, any registered entity or any equivalent exchange, association,
                                            entity or organization that has disciplinary authority over its members or persons associated
                                            with a member. Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance Based
solely upon a review of copies of such forms filed on Forms 3, 4 and 5, and amendments thereto furnished to us, we believe that as of
the date of this Report, our executive officers, directors and greater than 10 percent beneficial owners have complied on a timely basis
with all Section 16(a) filing requirements, except for one Form 4 by each of Messrs. Elsey, Enright and Hanson concerning the annual
grant of stock options in September 2024. Nomination
Process As
of December 31, 2025, we did not affect any material changes to the procedures by which stockholders may recommend nominees to the Board
of Directors. Insider
Trading Policies We
have adopted an insider trading policy governing the purchase, sale, and other dispositions of our securities by directors, senior management,
and employees. A copy of the insider trading policy is attached as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 49 ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Summary
Compensation Table The
following table sets forth all plan and non-plan compensation for the last two fiscal years paid to individuals who served as the Company’s
principal executive officers and the Company’s two other most highly compensated executive officers serving as executive officers
at the end of the last completed fiscal year, as required by Item 402(m)(2) of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act. We refer to these
individuals collectively as our “named executive officers.” Name
    and Principal Position Year Salary Bonus Stock
    Awards [1] Option
    Awards All
    Other Compensation Nonequity
    Incentive Plan Compensation Nonqualified
    Deferred Compensation Earnings Total
    Compensation Vininder Singh 2025 $ 400,000 $ - $ 288,637 $ 129,000 $ 347 [2] $ - $ - $ 817,984 Chief Executive Officer
    and Director 2024 $ 400,000 $ - $ - $ 230,680 $ - $ - $ - $ 630,680 Josh Blacher 2025 $ 235,069 $ - $ 19,051 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 254,120 Chief Financial Officer 2024 $ 10,631 $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ 10,631 [1]
Represents annual value of stock grants and RSU grants issued during fiscal year 2025 under our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. [2]
Comprised of amounts relating to employer-sponsored group term life insurance and benefit provided by interest-free loan. Employment
Agreements On
May 16, 2022, we entered into an employment agreement with Vininder Singh, pursuant to which he received an annual base salary of $400,000,
which is subject to bi-annual review by the Company. Mr. Singh is also eligible for an annual bonus based on the achievement of certain
goals and performance criteria established by the Board. Mr. Singh’s target annual bonus for the fiscal years ended 2022 through
2025 was a minimum of twenty (20%) percent of the current base salary, with a maximum payout of up to one-hundred (100%) percent based
on target achievement. Mr. Singh will also be eligible to participate in the Company’s stock incentive plan, subject to Board approval.
The agreement with Mr. Singh shall continue until either his resignation, termination for cause by the Company, or death or disability
of Mr. Singh. Consulting
Agreements On
December 12, 2024, the Board of Directors appointed Josh Blacher to serve as the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. In such capacity,
Mr. Blacher will serve as the principal financial officer and principal accounting officer of the Company. Mr. Blacher provides services
to the Company as an independent contractor pursuant to a master services agreement entered into on December 13, 2024 (the “Consulting
Agreement”) by the Company and Danforth Advisors, LLC (“Danforth”). Pursuant to the Consulting Agreement, we will pay
Danforth cash compensation at a rate of $525 per hour for Mr. Blacher’s services, which is subject to an optional increase by Danforth
of up to 5% on January 1 of each year. Mr. Blacher will receive no compensation directly from the Company. As of the date of this filing,
no increase to the hourly rate has been implemented in 2026 pursuant to this provision. 50 Director
Compensation The
following table summarizes the compensation paid to our executive and non-executive directors during the year ended December 31, 2025. Name Fees
    Earned or Paid in Cash [1] Stock
    Awards [2] Option
    Awards [3] All
    Other Compensation Nonequity
    Incentive Plan Compensation Nonqualified
    Deferred Compensation Earnings Total
    Compensation Vininder Singh [4] $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - $ - R. Donald Elsey $ 45,000 $ 10,824 $ 16,500 $ - $ - $ - $ 72,324 William Enright $ 45,000 $ 10,824 $ 16,500 $ - $ - $ - $ 72,324 Jason D. Hanson $ 45,000 $ 10,824 $ 16,500 $ - $ - $ - $ 72,324 [1]
Represents cash compensation for service as a director and as chair of a board committee during the fiscal year 2025. [2]
Represents annual value of stock grants and RSU grants issued during fiscal year 2025 under our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. [3]
Represents annual value of stock options issued during fiscal year 2025 under our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan. [4]
Mr. Singh did not receive additional compensation for his service as a director of our Company during the fiscal year 2025. Pension,
Retirement or Similar Benefit Plans There
are no arrangements or plans in which we provide pension, retirement or similar benefits for directors or executive officers. We have
no material bonus or profit-sharing plans pursuant to which cash or non-cash compensation is or may be paid to our directors or executive
officers, except that equity awards may be granted at the discretion of the Board or a committee thereof. Indebtedness
of Directors, Senior Officers, Executive Officers and Other Management None
of our directors, executive officers or any associate or affiliate of our Company during the last two fiscal years is or has been indebted
to our Company by way of guarantee, support agreement, letter of credit or other similar agreement or understanding currently outstanding. Equity
Compensation Plans In
November 2022, our Board of Directors and shareholders adopted the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”). Pursuant to
the Plan, we are authorized to grant options and other equity awards to officers, directors, employees and consultants. The exercise
price of each share of common stock purchasable under an award issued pursuant to the Plan shall be determined by our compensation
committee, in its sole discretion, at the time of grant, but shall not be less than 100% of the fair market value of such share of
common stock on the date the award is granted, subject to adjustment and conditions further described in the Plan. Our compensation
committee shall also have sole authority to set the terms of all awards at the time of grant. In October 2025, the Company’s
stockholders approved an amendment to increase shares available for grant under the Plan by 750,000. As of December 31, 2025, there
are 891,975 shares available under the Plan. 51 Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End The
following table summarizes the outstanding equity awards held by each named executive officer as of December 31, 2025. This table includes
unexercised and unvested options and equity awards. Outstanding
    Equity Awards as of December 31, 2025 Option
    Awards Stock
    Awards Name Date
    of Grant Number
    of securities underlying unexercised options (#) exercisable Number
    of securities underlying unexercised options (#) unexerciseable (1) Equity
    incentive plan awards: Number of securities underlying unexercised unearned options (#) Option
    exercise price ($) Option
    expiration date Number
    of shares of stock that have not vested (#) Market
    value of shares of stock that have not vested ($) (2) Equity
    incentive plan awards: number of unearned shares, units, or other rights that have not vested (#) Equity
    incentive plan awards: market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested ($) (2) Vininder Singh 1/18/2024 52,930 26,070 - $ 3.89 1/18/2034 - - - - Vininder Singh 1/28/2025 25,000 50,000 - $ 2.26 1/28/2035 - - - - Vininder Singh 8/22/2025 - - - - - 152,273 $ 134,427 - - Josh Blacher 8/22/2025 - - - - - 10,050 $ 8,872 - - (1) The
                                            standard vesting schedule for all stock option grants is vesting over two years with one-third
                                            vesting on the date of grant, one-third vesting on the first anniversary of the date of grant,
                                            and one-third vesting on the second anniversary of the date of grant. (2) Calculated
                                            based on the closing price of the common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on December 31,
                                            2025 of $0.8828 per share. ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The
following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 1, 2026 by: ● each
                                            of our named executive officers; ● each
                                            of our directors; ● all
                                            of our current directors and executive officers as a group; and ● each
                                            stockholder known by us to own beneficially more than 5% of our common stock. Beneficial
ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC and includes voting or investment power with respect to the securities.
Shares of common stock that may be acquired by an individual or group within 60 days of March 1, 2026, pursuant to the exercise of options
or warrants, vesting of common stock or conversion of convertible debt, are deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the
percentage ownership of such individual or group, but are not deemed to be outstanding for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership
of any other person shown in the table. Percentage of ownership is based on 12,664,387 shares of common stock issued and outstanding
as of March 1, 2026. 52 Except
as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly. Unless otherwise indicated, the address of each of the persons shown is c/o BullFrog
AI Holdings, Inc., 325 Ellington Blvd., Unit 317, Gaithersburg, MD 20878. Name of Beneficial
    Owner Common Stock Beneficially Owned Percentage of Common Stock Directors and Officers: Vininder Singh Chief Executive Officer and Director
    (1) 2,496,446 19.51 % Josh Blacher Chief Financial Officer (2) 4,950 * R. Donald Elsey (3) 57,813 * William Enright (4) 62,813 * Jason D. Hanson (3) 57,813 * All officers and directors
    as a group (6 persons) 2,679,835 20.68 % Beneficial owners of more
    than 5% Tivoli Trust (5) 904,391 6.69 % *
Less than 1% (1) Comprised
                                            of 2,367,446 shares of common stock and 129,000 stock options that have vested as of March
                                            1, 2026 or will vest within 60 days of such date. (2) Comprised
                                            of 4,950 shares of common stock. (3) Comprised
                                            of 2,813 shares of common stock and 55,000 stock options that have vested as of March 1,
                                            2026 or will vest within 60 days of such date. (4) Comprised
                                            of 7,813 shares of common stock and 55,000 stock options that have vested as of March 1,
                                            2026 or will vest within 60 days of such date. (5) Comprised
                                            of 73,449 shares of non-voting Series A Preferred Stock, 115,185 warrants exercisable at
                                            $2.50 per share and 54,714 shares of Common Stock. The common stock total assumes the conversion
                                            of all Series A Preferred Stock into common stock in an amount equal to ten shares of common
                                            stock for each one share of Series A Preferred Stock. Securities
Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans General .
In November 2022, our Board of Directors adopted our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2022 Plan”) and the 2022 Plan was submitted
to our stockholders for approval. Our 2022 Plan became effective immediately on adoption. Our 2022 Plan replaces our previous incentive
plan. However, awards outstanding under our previous incentive plan will continue to be governed by their existing terms. Share
Reserve . The number of shares of our common stock originally available for issuance under our 2022 Plan was 900,000 shares. Notwithstanding
the number of shares available for issuance, on the first day of each year commencing January 1, 2023, or the first business day of the
calendar year if the first day of the calendar year falls on a Saturday or Sunday, the number of shares eligible for awards under the
2022 Plan will automatically increase to an amount equal to 15% of the total number of shares of common stock outstanding as of December
31 st of the preceding fiscal year. Accordingly, as of January 1, 2026, there were 1,237,732 shares available for issuance
under the 2022 Plan. The
following table shows, as of December 31, 2025, the Company’s equity compensation plans under which the Company’s equity
securities are authorized for issuance: Plan Category Number
    of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights Weighted-average
                                            exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (2) Number
    of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans Equity compensation plans approved
    by security holders 1,056,530 (1) $ 3.53 891,975 Equity compensation
    plans not approved by security holders 693,176 $ 1.59 0 Total 1,749,706 $ 2.58 891,975 (1) Includes
                                            342,030 outstanding restricted stock units for which there is no exercise price. (2) Includes
                                            the weighted-average exercise price of stock options and warrants only. 53 Policies
and Practices Related to the Grant of Certain Equity Awards We
grant equity awards to our executives, including stock options, as part of their total compensation. In 2025, we did not grant stock
options on any date that, in relation to our disclosure of material nonpublic information, would require us to provide the tabular disclosures
of Item 402(x)(2) of Regulation S-K. Accordingly, we have no specific policy or practice on the timing of awards of such options in relation
to the disclosure of material nonpublic information by us. In the event that we determine to grant new awards of such options, the Compensation
Committee will evaluate the appropriate steps to take in relation to the foregoing. Our insider trading policy also provides guidelines
around the repurchases of our securities, which would generally only made pursuant to a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan established when we
are not in possession of material nonpublic information. ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Other
than with respect to compensation arrangements, including employment and indemnification arrangements discussed in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K, there have been no transactions since January 1, 2024, in which the amount involved in the transaction exceeded or will
exceed the lesser of $120,000 or one percent of the average of our total assets as at year-end for the last two completed fiscal years,
and to which any of our directors, executive officers or beneficial holders of more than 5% of our capital stock, or any immediate family
member of, or person sharing the household with, any of these individuals, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. In
October 2022, we entered into an exchange agreement with an investor whereby all 734,493 shares of his common stock were exchanged into
73,449 shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock that converts to common stock at a rate of 10 shares of common stock for one share
of preferred stock. The Series A Preferred Stock is the economic equivalent of the common stock but has no voting rights and is subject
to a blocker which prohibits the conversion into common stock if it would result in the investor owning more than 4.99% of the Company’s
outstanding common stock at such time. Policies
and Procedures for Related Party Transactions For
purposes of our policy only, a related person transaction is a transaction, arrangement or relationship, or any series of similar transactions,
arrangements, or relationships, in which we and any related person are, were or will be participants in which the amount involved exceeds
the lesser of $120,000 or 1% of the average of our total assets at year-end. Transactions involving compensation for services provided
to us as an employee or director are not covered by this policy. A related person is any executive officer, director, or beneficial owner
of more than 5% of any class of our voting securities, including any of their immediate family members and any entity owned or controlled
by such persons. Under
the policy, if a transaction has been identified as a related person transaction, including any transaction that was not a related person
transaction when originally consummated or any transaction that was not initially identified as a related person transaction prior to
consummation, our management must present information regarding the related person transaction to our audit committee, or, if audit committee
approval would be inappropriate, to another independent body of our Board of Directors, for review, consideration and approval or ratification.
The presentation must include a description of, among other things, the material facts, the interests, direct and indirect, of the related
persons, the benefits to us of the transaction and whether the transaction is on terms that are comparable to the terms available to
or from, as the case may be, an unrelated third party or to or from employees generally. Under the policy, we will collect information
that we deem reasonably necessary from each director, executive officer and, to the extent feasible, significant stockholder to enable
us to identify any existing or potential related-person transactions and to effectuate the terms of the policy. In addition, under our
code of business conduct and ethics, our employees and directors will have an affirmative responsibility to disclose any transaction
or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. In considering related person transactions,
our audit committee, or other independent body of our Board of Directors, will take into account the relevant available facts and circumstances
including, but not limited to: ● the
                                            risks, costs and benefits to us; 54 ● the
                                            impact on a director’s independence in the event that the related person is a director,
                                            immediate family member of a director or an entity with which a director is affiliated; ● the
                                            availability of other sources for comparable services or products; and ● the
                                            terms available to or from, as the case may be, unrelated third parties or to or from employees
                                            generally. The
policy requires that, in determining whether to approve, ratify or reject a related person transaction, our audit committee, or other
independent body of our Board of Directors, must consider, in light of known circumstances, whether the transaction is in, or is not
inconsistent with, our best interests and those of our stockholders, as our audit committee, or other independent body of our Board of
Directors, determines in the good faith exercise of its discretion. ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The
following table summarizes the fees billed by M&K CPAs for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, inclusive of out-of-pocket
expenses. Pre-Approval
Policy Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). Year
    Ended December 31, Fee Category 2025 2024 Audit fees (1) $ 82,250 $ 44,725 Audit-related fees (2) 25,250 26,820 Tax fees (3) - - All other
    fees (4) - - Total fees $ 107,500 $ 71,545 (1) Audit
    fees consist of fees for professional services rendered in connection with the annual audit of our consolidated financial statements,
    the review of our quarterly condensed consolidated financial statements and consultations on accounting matters directly related
    to the audit. (2) Audit-related
    fees consist of fees for professional services rendered in connection with submissions of Registration Statements on Form S-1 or
    Form S-3 for our initial public offering and subsequent financings. (3) Tax
    fees consist of fees for professional services for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. (4) All
    other fees consist of fees related to engagement administration. 55 PART
IV Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules a) Financial
    Statements For
a list of the consolidated financial statements included herein, see Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual
Report, which is incorporated into this Item by reference. b) Exhibits Exhibit
    No. Description 1.1 Underwriting
    Agreement between the Company and WallachBeth Capital LLC dated January 31, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6, 2024. 1.2 At-The-Market
    Sales Agreement, dated April 25, 2025, by and between Bullfrog AI Holdings, Inc. and BTIG, LLC., incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    1.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28, 2025. 3.1 Amended
    and Restated Articles of Incorporation of BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s
    Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February
    13, 2023. 3.2 Bylaws
    of BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Amendment to the Registration Statement
    on Form S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023. 3.3 Amendment
    to the Bylaws of BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc., effective September 18, 2025 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 23, 2025). 4.1 Form
    of BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc. Common Stock certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Registration
    Statement on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 19, 2022. 4.2 Form
    of Common Stock Purchase Warrant to be issued to Holders of the Registrant’s Convertible Promissory Notes, incorporated by
    reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the
    Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023. 4.3 Form
    of Warrant Agent Agreement for the Warrants to be issued as part of the Units to be sold in the Offering, incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 1.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 21,
    2023. 4.4 Form
    of (Tradeable) Common Stock Purchase Warrant to be issued as part of the Units to be sold in the Offering pursuant to the Warrant
    Agent Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Company’s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form
    S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023. 4.5 Form
    of (Non-tradeable) Common Stock Purchase Warrant to be issued as part of the Units to be sold in the Offering pursuant to the Warrant
    Agent Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.8 to the Company’s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form
    S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023. 4.6 Form
    of Pre-Funded Warrant issued February 5, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on
    Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6, 2024. 4.7 Form
    of Representative Warrant issued February 5, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report
    on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6, 2024. 4.8 Form
    of Warrant Agency Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6, 2024. 4.9 Form
    of Common Stock Purchase Warrant issued February 5, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company’s Current
    Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 6, 2024. 4.10 Form
    of Pre-Funded Warrant issued to the investor party thereto on October 21, 2024 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2024. 56 4.11 Form
    of Common Warrant issued to the investor party thereto on October 21, 2024 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2024. 4.12 Form
    of Placement Agent Warrant issued to WallachBeth Capital, LLC on October 21, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the
    Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21, 2024. 4.13 Description of Securities, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2025. 10.1 Acquisition
    Agreement with BullFrog AI, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Amendment to the Registration Statement
    on Form S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023. 10.2 Advisor
    Agreement between the Company and Greentree Financial Group, Inc. incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s
    Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February
    13, 2023. 10.3 Consulting
    Agreement between the Company and Garrett Newman incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Amendment to the
    Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023. 10.4 Employment
    Agreement with Vininder Singh incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Amendment to the Registration Statement
    on Form S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023. 10.5 Patent
    License Agreement between the Company and George Washington University, dated January 14, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.6 to the Company’s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on February 13, 2023. 10.6 Exclusive
    License Agreement between the Company and Johns Hopkins University, dated February 22, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.7 to the Company’s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on February 13, 2023. 10.7 License
    Agreement between the Company and Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory LLC, dated July 8, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit
    10.8 to the Company’s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the Securities and Exchange
    Commission on February 13, 2023. 10.8 License
    Agreement between the Company and Johns Hopkins Applied Physics Laboratory LLC, dated February 7, 2018 incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company’s Amendment to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023. 10.9 License
    Agreement between the Company and Johns Hopkins University (JHU) and the Institute of Organic Chemistry and Biochemistry (IOCB) of
    the Czech Academy of Sciences, dated October 13, 2022 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Company’s Amendment
    to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 (No. 333-267951) filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 13, 2023. 10.10 Amendment
    No. 1 to License Agreement between BullFrog AI, Inc. and the John’s Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory LLC dated
    June 1, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities
    and Exchange Commission on June 5, 2023. 10.11 Data
    Use and Technology Partnership Agreement dated September 7, 2023 by and between the Company and the Lieber Institute for Brain Development
    (LIBD), incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and
    Exchange Commission on September 14, 2023. 10.12 ** Commercial
    Agreement by and between the Company and the Lieber Institute for Brain Development dated October 13, 2023, incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 20,
    2023. 10.13 2022
    Equity Compensation Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with
    the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 25, 2023. 57 10.14 Form of Indemnification Agreement between BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc. and each of its directors and officers, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2025. 10.15 Form of Stock Option Grant Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2025. 10.16 Master
    Services Agreement, dated December 13, 2024, by and between the Company and Danforth Advisors, LLC, incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 17,
    2024. 10.17 Form
    of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated October 18, 2024, by and between the Company and the investor party thereto, incorporated
    by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
    on October 21, 2024. 10.18 Form
    of Placement Agency Agreement, dated October 18, 2024, by and between the Company and WallachBeth Capital, LLC, incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 21,
    2024. 10.19 Purchase
    Agreement, dated September 15, 2025, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference to
    Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2025). 10.20 Registration
    Rights Agreement, dated September 15, 2025, by and between the Company and Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (incorporated by reference
    to Exhibit 10.2 of the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2025). 10.21 Amendment
    No. 1 to BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc.’s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Registrant’s
    Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 24, 2025). 10.22 ● Form of Stock Grant Notice 10.23 ● Form of 2025 Refresh Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement 14.1 Code of Ethics, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2025. 19.1 Insider Trading Policy, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2025. 21.1 ● List of significant subsidiaries of BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc. 23.1
    ● Consent
    of M&K CPAS PLLC, an independent registered public accounting firm 31.1
    ● Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 31.2
    ● Certification
    of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as amended. 32.1
    ● Certification
    of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange
    Act, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 97.1 Compensation Recoupment Policy, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 14, 2025. 101.INS Inline
    XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline
    XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema With Embedded Linkbase Documents 104 Cover
    Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) ● Filed
    herewith. ** Certain portions of the exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Regulation S-K Item 601 (b)(10). The Registrant
agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the SEC upon its request. ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 58 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. March
    19, 2026 BullFrog
    AI Holdings, Inc. By: /s/
    Vininder Singh Vininder
    Singh Chief
    Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/
    Josh Blacher Josh
    Blacher Chief
    Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date By: /s/
    Vininder Singh Chief
                                            Executive Officer and Chairman (Principal
    Executive Officer) March
    19, 2026 Vininder
    Singh By: /s/
    Josh Blacher Chief
                                            Financial Officer (Principal
    Financial and Accounting Officer) March
    19, 2026 Josh
    Blacher By: /s/
    R. Donald Elsey Director March
    19, 2026 R.
    Donald Elsey By: /s/
    William Enright Director March
    19, 2026 William
    Enright By: /s/
    Jason D. Hanson Director March
    19, 2026 Jason
    D. Hanson 59 BULLFROG
AI HOLDINGS, INC. INDEX
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report
    of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm PCAOB ID: 2738 F-2 Consolidated
    Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-3 Consolidated
    Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-4 Consolidated
    Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-5 Consolidated
    Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-6 Notes
    to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 F- 1 REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc. Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31,
2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for the years
ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”).
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company
as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the two-year period ended December 31, 2025,
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going
Concern The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed
in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has incurred recurring losses from operations and has not yet achieved
profitable operations as of December 31, 2025 which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s
plans regarding these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that
might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis
for Opinion These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company
in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the PCAOB. We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical
Audit Matter The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that
were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material
to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication
of a critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are
not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or
disclosures to which they relate. Revenue
Recognition Auditing
the Company’s revenue recognition required significant judgment in applying ASC 606. Specifically, auditing management’s
evaluation of the agreement with a customer involved assessing the identification and allocation of standalone transaction prices to
performance obligations under ASC 606. As such, revenue recognition was identified as a Critical Audit Matter, as improper revenue recognition
could materially misstate the financial statements and key financial indicators. To
address these risks, we reviewed and assessed a customer agreement and management’s evaluation of key terms and related disclosures.
We also performed substantive audit procedures to test the appropriateness, accuracy, and completeness of recorded revenue transactions. /s/ M&K CPAS, PLLC We
    have served as the Company’s auditor since 2021. The
    Woodlands, Texas March
    19, 2026 F- 2 BULLFROG
AI HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 2025 2024 December
    31, 2025 2024 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash
    equivalents $ 2,183,705 $ 5,435,983 Prepaid
    expenses and other assets 400,451 111,597 Total current assets 2,584,156 5,547,580 Restricted cash 105,000 - Property and equipment,
    net 2,525 4,250 Investments 116,670 - Total assets $ 2,808,351 $ 5,551,830 Liabilities and Stockholders’
    Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable $ 168,151 $ 435,934 Accrued
    expenses 503,871 152,156 Total current liabilities 672,022 588,090 Total liabilities 672,022 588,090 Stockholders’ equity: Series A Convertible Preferred
    stock, $ 0.00001 par value, 5,500,000 shares authorized; 73,449 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. 1 1 Common stock, $ 0.00001 par value, 100,000,000 shares authorized; 11,418,183 and 9,113,139 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2025 and 2024,
    respectively. 114 91 Additional paid-in capital 25,427,838 21,757,204 Accumulated
    deficit ( 23,291,624 ) ( 16,793,556 ) Total stockholders’
    equity 2,136,329 4,963,740 Total liabilities and
    stockholders’ equity $ 2,808,351 $ 5,551,830 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 3 BULLFROG
AI HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 2025 2024 Year
    Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Revenue: Collaboration
    revenue $ 116,670 $ - Total revenue 116,670 - Cost of revenue: Cost
    of collaboration revenue 94,778 - Total cost of revenue 94,778 - Gross profit 21,892 - Operating expenses: Research and development 1,799,738 2,223,265 General
    and administrative 4,816,790 5,013,118 Total operating expenses 6,616,528 7,236,383 Loss from operations ( 6,594,636 ) ( 7,236,383 ) Other income (expense), net Interest expense ( 5,629 ) ( 18,158 ) Interest
    income 102,197 260,894 Total other income (expense),
    net 96,568 242,736 Net loss ( 6,498,068 ) ( 6,993,647 ) Deemed dividend related
    to warrant exercise price adjustment - ( 44,985 ) Net loss attributable
    to common stockholders $ ( 6,498,068 ) $ ( 7,038,632 ) Net loss per common
    share attributable to common stockholders - basic and diluted $ ( 0.63 ) $ ( 0.85 ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding
    - basic and diluted 10,337,073 8,245,353 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 4 BULLFROG
AI HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Series
                                            A Preferred
                                            Stock Common
    Stock Additional Paid-in Accumulated Total Stockholders’ Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance at December
    31, 2023 73,449 $ 1 6,094,644 $ 61 $ 12,347,098 $ ( 9,754,924 ) $ 2,592,236 Stock-based compensation - - - - 943,649 - 943,649 Issuance of common stock and warrants, net
    of issuance costs - - 2,109,694 21 8,315,665 - 8,315,686 Issuance of common stock pursuant to warrant
    exercises - - 908,801 9 105,807 - 105,816 Deemed dividend related to warrant price adjustment - - - - 44,985 ( 44,985 ) - Net loss - - - - - ( 6,993,647 ) ( 6,993,647 ) Balance
    at December 31, 2024 73,449 1 9,113,139 91 21,757,204 ( 16,793,556 ) 4,963,740 Stock-based compensation - - 168,465 2 1,010,629 - 1,010,631 Issuance of common stock pursuant to warrant
    exercises - - 302,386 3 ( 3 ) - - Issuance of common stock, net of issuance costs - - 1,686,511 17 2,452,516 - 2,452,533 Issuance of common stock as commitment fee
    in advance of equity transaction - - 147,682 1 207,492 - 207,493 Net loss - - - - - ( 6,498,068 ) ( 6,498,068 ) Balance
    at December 31, 2025 73,449 $ 1 11,418,183 $ 114 $ 25,427,838 $ ( 23,291,624 ) $ 2,136,329 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 5 BULLFROG
AI HOLDINGS, INC. CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 2025 2024 Year
    Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Cash flows from operating
    activities: Net loss $ ( 6,498,068 ) $ ( 6,993,647 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash
    used in operating activities: Depreciation 1,725 1,724 Stock-based compensation 1,010,631 943,649 Non-cash consideration
    received pursuant to revenue agreements ( 116,670 ) - Changes in operating assets
    and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other
    assets 11,185 34,285 Accounts payable ( 267,783 ) 332,278 Accrued
    expenses 336,715 71,462 Net
    cash used in operating activities ( 5,522,265 ) ( 5,610,249 ) Cash
    flows from investing activities: Net
    cash used in investing activities - - Cash flows from financing
    activities: Proceeds from sale of common stock from ATM,
    net of issuance costs 2,467,533 - Proceeds from issuance of common stock and
    warrants, net of issuance costs - 8,315,686 Proceeds from warrant exercises - 105,816 Issuance costs paid in advance of equity financing ( 92,546 ) - Proceeds from short term insurance financing 181,797 561,885 Payments on short term
    insurance financing ( 181,797 ) ( 561,885 ) Net
    cash provided by financing activities 2,374,987 8,421,502 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ( 3,147,278 ) 2,811,253 Cash and cash equivalents
    and restricted cash, beginning of period 5,435,983 2,624,730 Cash
    and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period $ 2,288,705 $ 5,435,983 Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest $ 5,629 $ 18,158 Cash paid for taxes - - Supplemental non-cash activity Issuance of common stock as commitment fee
    in advance of equity transaction $ 207,493 $ - The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 6 BULLFROG
AI HOLDINGS, INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December
31, 2025 and 2024 1. Organization and Nature of Business Description
of Business BullFrog
AI Holdings, Inc. (“we”, “our” or the “Company”) was incorporated in the State of Nevada in February
2020. BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc. is the parent company of BullFrog AI, Inc. and BullFrog AI Management, LLC, which were incorporated
in Delaware and Maryland, in 2017 and 2021, respectively. All the Company’s operations are currently conducted through BullFrog
AI Holdings, Inc., which began operations in February 2020. The Company is focused specifically on advanced artificial intelligence and
machine learning (“AI/ML”) driven analysis of complex data sets in medicine and healthcare. The Company’s objective
is to utilize its AI/ML platform to provide a precision medicine approach to drug asset enablement through external partnerships and
selective internal development. Most
new therapeutics will fail at some point in preclinical or clinical development. These failures are the primary drivers for the high
cost of developing new therapeutics. A major challenge in developing new therapeutics is efficiently integrating the complex, high-dimensional
data generated at each stage of development to help de-risk subsequent stages of the process. AI/ML
have emerged as a digital solution to help address this problem. The
Company uses AI/ML to advance medicines for both internal and external projects. Currently, most AI/ML platforms still fall short in
their ability to synthesize disparate, high-dimensional data for actionable insight. The Company’s analytical platform is
composed of an ensemble of state-of-the-art machine learning and artificial intelligence models. The Company’s core platform
technology, bfLEAP™, is an analytical AI/ML platform developed at The Johns Hopkins University Applied Physics Laboratory
(“JHU-APL”), which the Company believes is able to surmount the challenges of scalability and flexibility currently
hindering researchers and clinicians by providing a more precise, multi-dimensional understanding of their data. The Company is
deploying its analytical platform, including bfLEAP™, in several critical stages of development of internal programs and to
customers through strategic partnerships and collaborations with the intention of streamlining data analytics in therapeutics
development, decreasing the overall development costs by decreasing failure rates for new therapeutics, and impacting the lives of
countless patients that may otherwise not receive the therapies they need. The
proprietary analytical platform utilizes both supervised and unsupervised machine learning. As such, it can reveal real and meaningful
connections in the data without the need for a priori hypothesis. Algorithms used in the platform are designed to handle highly
imbalanced data sets and successfully identify combinations of factors that are associated with outcomes of interest. The Company’s
platform leverages models that use both correlative and causative machine learning and artificial intelligence approaches which provide
a comprehensive approach to predictive analysis that is expected to lead to meaningful insights including the molecular drivers of disease.
In this regard, the Company continues to advance its internal target discovery initiatives through access to proprietary datasets, including
those available under its strategic data and commercialization agreements with the Lieber Institute for Brain Development (“LIBD”). The
Company’s goal is to improve the odds of success at all stages of pre-clinical and clinical development for in-house programs and
for its strategic partners, collaborators, and customers. The Company’s business model includes supporting clinical trial optimization
efforts for ongoing studies and rescuing late stage failed drugs (i.e., Phase II or Phase III clinical trial failures) by bringing them
in-house for development prior to eventual divestiture; although, the Company also considers entering collaborations for earlier stage
drugs. The Company pursues its drug asset enhancement business by leveraging the powerful and proven bfLEAP™ AI/ML platform initially
developed at JHU-APL. The Company believes the bfLEAP™ analytics platform is a potentially disruptive tool for analysis of pre-clinical
and clinical data sets, such as the robust pre-clinical and clinical trial datasets being generated in translational R&D and clinical
trial settings. Liquidity
and Going Concern The
Company has generated negative cash flows from operations and operated at a net loss since inception. As of December 31, 2025, the Company
has a cash balance of approximately $ 2.3 million, which includes restricted cash of $ 0.1 million held by a financial institution as collateral
for the Company’s corporate credit card program. In February 2024 and October 2024, the Company received net proceeds of approximately
$ 5.7 million and $ 2.7 million, respectively, from the sale of its common stock and warrants. During the year ended December 31, 2025,
the Company received net proceeds of approximately $ 2.6 million from the sale of its common stock pursuant to the Company’s At-The-Market
Sales Agreement with BTIG, LLC (the “ATM Agreement”). As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s cash and cash equivalents
position is not sufficient to fund the Company’s planned operations for at least a year beyond the filing date of the consolidated
financial statements. This risk factor, as well as other factors, raise substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue
as a going concern. The ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon us utilizing the financing facilities available to us
and/or obtaining necessary additional financing and/or revenues to meet our obligations arising from normal business operations when
they become due. F- 7 Accordingly,
the Company will require additional capital to continue to execute its strategy. The Company anticipates securing this additional
capital through various avenues including revenues from services, licensing agreements and collaborative arrangements within its
operating business and/or the selling of equity securities or entry into debt transactions. Although management believes that such
funding sources will be available, including pursuant to the Company’s at-the-market common stock sales facility provided by
our ATM Agreement and pursuant to the Company’s equity line of credit facility provided by our purchase agreement with Lincoln
Park Capital Fund, LLC, there can be no assurance that any such arrangements will provide sufficient capital when needed to allow
the Company to continue its operations, or if available, be on terms acceptable to it. If the Company does not raise sufficient
funds in a timely manner, among other things, it may be forced to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of its research and
product development programs and capital expenditures or enter into arrangements on unfavorable terms. The Company does not
currently have commitments for future funding from any source other than those noted above. Furthermore, the issuance of additional
equity securities may be significantly dilutive to the Company’s current shareholders. On
August 21, 2025, the Company received a letter from the listing staff of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”) that the
Company was no longer in compliance with the minimum stockholders’ equity requirement for continued listing on Nasdaq pursuant
to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) (the “Stockholders’ Equity Rule”). The Stockholders’ Equity Rule requires
companies listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market to maintain stockholders’ equity of at least $ 2,500,000 or to meet alternatives of market value of listed securities or net income from continuing operations, which the Company does not
currently meet. In accordance with Nasdaq rules, the Company had 45 calendar days, or until October 6, 2025, to submit a plan to
regain compliance. After submitting the plan to regain compliance, on October 7, 2025, Nasdaq granted the Company an extension until
February 17, 2026, to comply with Listing Rule 5550(b)(1). On February 19, 2026, the Company received a further notice from Nasdaq
(the “February Letter”) notifying the Company that Nasdaq determined that the Company had not met the terms of the
extension. The Company thereafter timely requested a hearing before an independent Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the “Panel”)
which automatically stayed any suspension or delisting action pending the hearing and the expiration of any extension period granted
by the Panel following the hearing. At the hearing, the Company plans to present additional details of the Company’s Plan and
provide an update on its efforts to regain compliance. The Company will also request additional time to complete the steps of its
Plan and regain compliance with all applicable Nasdaq Listing Rules. There can be no assurance that the Panel will grant the
Company’s request for additional time to regain compliance with Nasdaq listing rules or that, if the Panel does grant the
Company’s request, the Company will be able to regain compliance with the applicable Nasdaq listing requirements. If the
Company’s common stock and warrants are delisted, it would be more difficult to buy or sell the Company’s common stock
and warrants or to obtain accurate quotations, and the price of the Company’s common stock and warrants could suffer a
material decline. Delisting could also impair the Company’s ability to raise capital. On
February 10, 2026, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq notifying the Company that, for the last 30 consecutive business days, the
closing bid price for the Company’s common stock, par value $ 0.00001 per share (the “Common Stock”), was below $ 1.00 per share, which is the minimum closing bid price required for continued listing on the Nasdaq Global Market (the “Minimum Bid
Price Requirement”) pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the “Bid Price Notice”). The Bid Price Notice had no
immediate effect on the listing of the Company’s Common Stock and tradeable warrants. As such, the Company’s Common Stock
will continue to trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “BFRG,” and its tradeable warrants will continue to
trade on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “BFRGW.” In accordance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A), the Company
is provided a compliance period of 180 calendar days from the date of the Bid Price Notice, or until August 10, 2026, to regain compliance
with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement. If at any time during the 180-calendar day grace period, the closing bid price of the Company’s
Common Stock is at least $ 1.00 per share for a minimum of ten consecutive business days (unless the Nasdaq staff exercises its discretion
to extend this ten business day period pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(H)), Nasdaq will provide the Company written confirmation
of compliance, and the matter will be closed. If the Company does not regain compliance during the initial 180-calendar day compliance
period, the Company may be provided a second 180-calendar day period to regain compliance. If the Company does not regain compliance
within the allotted compliance periods, including any extensions that may be granted by Nasdaq, the Company’s listed securities
will be subject to delisting. The Company would thereafter have the right to appeal a determination to delist the Company’s securities,
and the Company’s securities would remain listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market until the completion of the appeal process. The Company
intends to monitor the closing bid price of its Common Stock and assess potential options to regain compliance with Nasdaq’s Listing
Rules. While the Company plans to review all available options, there can be no assurance that the Company will regain compliance with
the Minimum Bid Price Requirement during the compliance period, secure a second 180-day period to regain compliance with the Minimum
Bid Price Requirement, or maintain compliance with the other Nasdaq listing requirements. F- 8 The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern, which contemplates
continuity of operations, realization of assets, and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. Accordingly, these
consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis
of Presentation The
accompanying consolidated financial statements include the accounts of BullFrog AI Holdings, Inc. and its wholly owned subsidiaries and
have been prepared in conformity with United States generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). All intercompany accounts
and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. Use
of Estimates The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. These estimates include, but are not limited
to, revenue recognition, stock-based compensation, allowances for doubtful accounts, recoverability of deferred tax assets, valuation
of the Company’s equity investment, and certain other accrued liabilities. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Segment
Reporting The
Company’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) is the Company’s Chief Executive Officer. The CODM is assisted
in his responsibilities of making decisions regarding resource allocation and performance assessment by the leadership team, consisting
of executives and vice presidents. The
Company views its operations and manages its business as one operating segment, focused on advancing drug development using AI/ML to
analyze complex data sets in medicine and healthcare. Segment profit or loss is measured as the Company’s net income (loss) as
reported on the Company’s Statement of Operations. The Company monitors its cash and cash equivalents, as reported on the Company’s
Balance Sheets, to determine funding for its research and development. The
CODM assesses Company performance through the achievement of revenue, cost optimization, and target identification goals. In addition
to the Company’s Statement of Operations, the CODM is regularly provided with budgeted and forecasted expense information which
is used to determine the Company’s liquidity needs and cash allocation. Revenue
Recognition The
Company recognizes revenue based on the following five step model: ● Identification
                                            of the contract with a customer This
step outlines the criteria that must be met when establishing a contract with a customer to supply goods or services. ● Identification
                                            of the performance obligations in the contract This
step describes how distinct performance obligations in the contract must be handled. ● Determination
                                            of the transaction price This
step outlines what must be considered when establishing the transaction price, which is the amount the business expects to receive for
transferring the goods and services to the customer. ● Allocation
                                            of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract This
step outlines guidelines for allocating the transaction price across the contract’s separate performance obligations, and is what
the customer agrees to pay for the goods and services. ● Recognition
                                            of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation Revenue
can be recognized as the business meets each performance obligation. This step specifies how that should happen. F- 9 Contract
Services The
Company anticipates that the majority of its revenues that may be recognized will result from discovery and monetization of new drug
targets and intellectual property from data use partnerships focused on analysis of rich proprietary datasets. The target market for
monetization will primarily be mid-size to large biopharmaceutical organizations seeking to build their new drug target pipeline through
collaboration agreements with companies such as BullFrog. A secondary revenue channel is fee-for-service partnerships and collaborations
with biopharmaceutical companies and other organizations of all sizes that have challenges analyzing data throughout the drug development
process. The Company provides customers with an analysis of large complex data sets using the Company’s proprietary AI/ML platform.
This platform is aimed at predicting targets of interest, patterns, relationships, anomalies, and molecular drivers of disease. The Company
believes that there will be additional on-going work requested from partners; therefore, the service model utilizes a master services
agreement with work or task orders issued for discrete analysis performed at the discovery, preclinical, or clinical stages of drug development.
The Company will receive fees related to such agreements in either cash, the equity of its partners, or other consideration and, in some
instances, the potential for rights to new intellectual property generated from the analysis. Once data analysis and the analysis report
are complete, the Company delivers the analysis set to the customer and recognizes revenue at that point in time. Investments The
Company currently has a single investment in equity securities issued by a privately held entity. The Company entered into a strategic
collaboration agreement and received such equity securities as remuneration for services rendered. The Company has elected to account
for this investment using the measurement alternative as the investment does not have a readily determinable fair value. Pursuant to
this alternative, the investment will be carried at its estimated fair value calculated as its cost minus any impairment. The Company
will adjust the investment to fair value only when it identifies observable price changes in orderly transactions for identical or similar
investments of the same issuer. The Company will evaluate the investment at each reporting period to determine whether the investment
is impaired. Financial
Instruments The
carrying value of short-term instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts payable and accrued expenses approximate fair
value due to the relatively short period to maturity for these instruments. The Company has elected to account for its single investment
using the measurement alternative and it is considered a financial instrument accounted for at fair value on a non-recurring basis. Fair
value is defined as the exchange price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal
or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date.
Valuation techniques used to measure fair value maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The
Company utilizes a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurements, defined as follows: Level
1 - inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. Level
2 - inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are
observable for the assets or liabilities, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments. Level
3 - inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value. The
Company does not have any assets or liabilities that are required to be measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. Cash
and Cash Equivalents, Restricted Cash, and Concentration of Credit Risk The
Company considers cash to consist of cash on hand and temporary investments having an original maturity of 90 days or less that are readily
convertible into cash. Restricted
cash represents cash balances that are legally or contractually restricted as to withdrawal or usage. These amounts are not available
for general operating purposes and are maintained in separate accounts or otherwise designated for specific uses. The
Company’s financial instruments that are exposed to a concentration of credit risk are cash and accounts receivable. Occasionally,
the Company’s cash in interest-bearing accounts may exceed FDIC insurance limits. The financial stability of these institutions
is periodically reviewed by senior management. F- 10 The
following table provides a reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash reported within the consolidated balance sheets
that sum to the total of the same amounts shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows: Schedule
of Reconciliation of Cash and Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 2025 2024 December
    31, 2025 2024 Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,183,705 $ 5,435,983 Restricted cash 105,000 - Total cash and cash
    equivalents and restricted cash in the consolidated statements of cash flows $ 2,288,705 $ 5,435,983 Cost
of Revenue Cost
of revenue consists primarily of the allocation of personnel costs (e.g. payroll, benefits, and consulting fees) of our employees and
third-party consultants directly attributable to the satisfaction of our performance obligations under our revenue arrangements. Property
and Equipment, net Property
and equipment are stated at cost. When retired or otherwise disposed, the related carrying value and accumulated depreciation are removed
from the respective accounts and the net difference less any amount realized from disposition is reflected in earnings. For financial
statement purposes, property and equipment are recorded at cost and depreciated using the straight-line method over their estimated useful
lives. Advertising The
Company follows the policy of charging the costs of advertising to expense as incurred. Income
Taxes Deferred
income tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the estimated future tax effects of net operating losses, credit carryforwards,
and temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their respective financial reporting amounts measured at
the current enacted tax rates. The Company records an estimated valuation allowance on its deferred income tax assets if it is not more
likely than not that these deferred income tax assets will be realized. The
Company recognizes a tax benefit from an uncertain tax position if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained
on examination by taxing authorities. Interest and penalties associated with such uncertain tax positions are classified as a component
of income tax expense. Stock-Based
Compensation Employee
and non-employee share-based compensation is measured at the grant date, based on the fair value of the award, and is recognized as an
expense over the requisite service period. Forfeitures are recognized as they occur. Net
Loss per Share The
Company calculates basic net loss per common share by dividing the net loss available to common stockholders by the weighted-average
number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period. Diluted
earnings per share is computed by giving effect to all potentially dilutive common stock equivalents in the period, including unvested
stock options and warrants. As the Company has reported losses for all periods presented, all potentially dilutive securities have been
excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per common share as their effect would be antidilutive. Recent
Accounting Pronouncements In
January 2024, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (Topic
280). The new standard improves reportable segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant
segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker. ASU 2023-07 also clarifies that entities with a single
reportable segment are subject to both new and existing reporting requirements under Topic 280. The adoption of this guidance did not
result in a material effect on the Company’s financial statements. See the Segment Reporting section within Note 2 . F- 11 In
December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09: Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures that requires
entities to disclose additional information about federal, state, and foreign income taxes primarily related to the income tax rate reconciliation
and income taxes paid. The new standard also eliminates certain existing disclosure requirements related to uncertain tax positions and
unrecognized deferred tax liabilities. The guidance is effective for the Company’s fiscal year ending December 31, 2025. The guidance
does not affect recognition or measurement in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. For comparative purposes, the Company
elected to present its 2024 income tax disclosures in this new manner, but the adoption of this guidance did not result in a material
effect on the Company’s financial statements. See Note 9, Income Taxes. In
July 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-05 which amends Topic 326. Specifically, the ASU provides a practical expedient whereby an entity
can assume that current conditions as of the balance sheet date will not change for the remaining life of the asset (e.g., the accounts
receivable). This guidance is effective for the Company’s fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 and can be adopted early. The Company
is in the process of evaluating the effects of this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. In
September 2025, the FASB issued ASU No. 2025-07 which, among other things, provides scope clarification for share-based noncash consideration
from a customer in a revenue contract. Specifically, the ASU clarifies that share-based payments from customers in exchange for the transfer
of goods or services should be accounted for as noncash consideration within the scope of ASC 606 as opposed to as a derivative pursuant
to ASC 815 or as an equity security pursuant to ASC 321. This guidance is effective for the Company’s fiscal year ending December
31, 2027 and can be adopted early. The Company is in the process of evaluating the effects of this guidance on its consolidated financial
statements. The
Company does not believe that any other recently issued effective pronouncements, or pronouncements issued but not yet effective, if
adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 3. Investments The
Company’s sole investment is in the form of equity securities in a private entity. The Company entered into a strategic collaboration
agreement and received such equity securities as remuneration for services rendered. The investment is initially valued at approximately
$ 117,000 (see Note 6). The Company has elected the measurement alternative and, accordingly, the investment is carried at its estimated
fair value calculated as its cost less any impairment charges until such time as there is evidence of an orderly transaction (see Note
2). As of December 31, 2025, no fair value adjustments have been recognized, nor have there been any impairment charges. This investment
is considered a financial asset that is measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis. 4. Property and Equipment Property
and equipment consisted of $ 8,744 of equipment at both December 31, 2025 and 2024 and accumulated depreciation of $ 6,219 and $ 4,494 as
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Depreciation
expense totaled $ 1,725 and $ 1,724 in the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. 5. Accrued Expenses Accrued
expenses consist of the following at December 31: Schedule
of Accrued Expenses 2025 2024 Accrued payroll and related $ 63,284 $ 80,705 Accrued legal fees 18,087 27,601 Accrued licensing and royalty fees 373,750 20,000 Accrued Board fees 33,750 16,875 Accrued other expenses 15,000 6,975 Total Accrued expenses $ 503,871 $ 152,156 F- 12 6. Revenue During
2025, the Company had a collaboration agreement with a single customer, Eleison Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Eleison”), for
contract services. The collaboration agreement, which was entered into in February 2025 and designed to enhance clinical trial
efficacy, extract actionable insights from historical and ongoing data and improve strategic planning for Eleison’s oncology
pipeline, was deemed to have multiple deliverables with revenue to be recognized at the time each deliverable was completed. In
exchange for the services provided, the Company was entitled to consideration in the form of cash or equity securities of the
customer or any combination at the customer’s sole discretion. The Company received the initial payment in the second quarter
of 2025, representing 50% of the total consideration, in the form of equity securities of the customer valued at approximately
$ 58,000 .
The remaining consideration, also valued at approximately $ 58,000 ,
was received in the form of equity securities of the customer following completion of the final deliverable in the third quarter of
2025. The Company allocated the total proceeds to each of the separate deliverables on a relative basis based on the estimated
stand-alone selling price of each deliverable. All deliverables were completed in the year ended December 31, 2025 and,
consequently, the Company recognized approximately $ 117,000 of revenue at the point in time that each deliverable was completed (see Note 3). In
June 2025, the Company entered into a strategic collaboration with Sygnature Discovery (“Sygnature”), a UK-based contract
research organization specializing in drug discovery. Under this collaboration, Sygnature will introduce BullFrog Data Networks™,
the Company’s proprietary AI-driven data insights platform powered by the bfLEAP™ engine, to Sygnature’s global biopharma
client base. Any commercial terms for the marketing collaboration will be agreed by the parties in a subsequent agreement. The Company
has not yet recognized any revenue under this collaboration. The
Company currently has no other revenue agreements. Additionally, the Company has no contract assets or contract costs at December 31,
2025. 7. Notes Payable In
February 2024, the Company entered into an agreement to finance a portion of the premium for its directors and officers insurance policy
for the policy period of February 2024 through February 2025. The agreement provided for financing of $ 561,885 of the premium, repayments
in 10 equal monthly installments of $ 58,005 each through December 2024 and accrued interest at 6.99 %. The note was repaid in its entirety
in 2024. In
February 2025, the Company again entered into an agreement to finance a portion of the premium for its directors and officers insurance
policy for the policy period of February 2025 through February 2026. The agreement provided for financing of $ 181,797 of the premium, repayments in 10 equal monthly installments of $ 18,743 each through December 2025 and accrued interest at 6.70 %. The note was repaid
in its entirety in 2025. 8. Stockholders’ Equity Preferred
Stock The
Company has 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock authorized at a par value of $ 0.00001 with 5,500,000 being designated as Series A Convertible
Preferred Stock. Of the 5,500,000 authorized shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, 73,449 were issued and outstanding as of
December 31, 2025. Each share of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible at any time into 10 shares of the Company’s
common stock. The Series A Preferred Stock is the economic equivalent of the common stock but has no voting rights and is subject to
a blocker which prohibits the conversion into common stock if it would result in the investor owning more than 4.99 % of the Company’s
outstanding common stock at such time. Common
Stock The
Company has 100,000,000 shares of common stock authorized at a par value of $ 0.00001 . In
February 2024, the Company received approximately $ 6.5 million of gross proceeds from the sale of 1,247,092 shares of common stock, 478,429 pre-funded warrants and 1,725,521 common warrants (each share of common stock or pre-funded warrant and common warrant, collectively,
the “Units”). The Units were sold at a price of $ 3.782 and the sale was completed via an underwritten public offering and
includes the underwriter’s exercise of their overallotment option. The warrants have an exercise price of $ 4.16 and expire five
years from issuance. In conjunction with the transaction, the Company issued to the placement agent warrants to purchase an aggregate
of 90,428 shares of common stock. The placement agent warrants have an exercise price of $ 4.16 and expire five years from issuance. The
pre-funded warrants had an exercise price of $ 0.001 and were all exercised in their entirety in the first quarter of 2024. F- 13 In
October 2024, the Company received approximately $ 3.1 million of gross proceeds from the sale of (i) 862,602 shares of the Company’s
common stock and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 702,398 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $ 0.0001 per share, at
a purchase price of $ 2.00 per share of common stock and a purchase price of $ 1.9999 per pre-funded warrant in a registered direct offering
and (ii) warrants to purchase an aggregate of 1,565,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $ 2.00 per share exercisable
after six (6) months from the date of issuance for a five year period from the initial exercise date in a concurrent private placement.
In conjunction with the transactions, the Company paid the placement agent an aggregate cash fee of 8.0% of the gross proceeds from the
sale of securities in the transaction, reimbursed the placement agent for certain out-of-pocket expenses and issued to the placement
agent warrants to purchase an aggregate of 62,600 shares of common stock, equal to 4% of the aggregate number of shares of common stock
and pre-funded warrants sold in the registered direct offering. The placement agent warrants have an exercise price of $2.00 per share
and are exercisable six (6) months from the date of issuance for a five year period from the initial exercise date. The pre-funded warrants
were exercised in their entirety in cashless exercise transactions as of March 31, 2025, pursuant to which 702,373 shares of common stock
were issued. In
April 2025, the Company entered into the ATM Agreement with BTIG, LLC, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell, from time to
time in its sole discretion, shares of common stock having an aggregate offering price of $ 20.0 million through BTIG, as the Company’s
sales agent. The Company is not obligated to make any sales of common stock under the ATM Agreement, and BTIG is not required to sell
any specific number or dollar amount of shares. Subject to the Company’s request to sell shares of common stock, BTIG will use
commercially reasonable efforts, consistent with its normal trading and sales practices, to sell such shares on the Company’s behalf.
The Company will pay BTIG a commission of 3 % of the gross sales price of any shares of common stock sold through BTIG under the ATM Agreement
and will reimburse BTIG for reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred by BTIG, including the reasonable and documented
fees and disbursements of counsel to BTIG, subject to specified caps. Through
December 31, 2025, the Company received approximately $ 2.7 million of gross proceeds from the sale of 1,686,511 shares of the Company’s common stock under the ATM Agreement at an average price of approximately $ 1.59 per share. In connection with these sales, the Company incurred expenses of approximately $ 229,000 ,
of which $ 15,000 remains unpaid at December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, approximately $ 17.3 million of capacity remains available under the ATM Agreement; however, the amount the Company is permitted to raise in any 12-month
period is currently limited based on its public float pursuant to SEC General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3. Accordingly, as of
December 31, 2025, the Company is limited to additional common stock sales of approximately $ 2.0 million. This amount is subject to adjustment based on increases in the Company’s public float. In
September 2025, the Company entered into a purchase agreement with Lincoln Park Capital Fund, LLC (“Lincoln Park”), pursuant
to which Lincoln Park committed to purchase up to $ 10.0 million of the Company’s common stock, subject to certain limitations.
The Company has the right, but not the obligation, to sell to Lincoln Park, and Lincoln Park is obligated to purchase up to $ 10.0 million
of the Company’s common stock. Such sales of common stock by the Company, if any, will be subject to certain limitations set forth
in the purchase agreement, and may occur from time to time, at the Company’s sole discretion, over the 36-month period commencing
on November 25, 2025, the date that the conditions to Lincoln Park’s purchase obligation set forth in the purchase agreement were
satisfied. In connection with this agreement, the Company issued 147,682 shares of common stock valued at approximately $ 207,000 to Lincoln
Park as a fee in advance of any sales pursuant to this facility. No shares were sold under this facility during the year ended December
31, 2025. Dilutive
securities are excluded from the diluted earnings per share calculation because their effect is anti-dilutive. As of December 31, 2025, 73,449 shares of preferred stock, 6,940,042 warrants, 738,785 options for shares of common stock, and 342,030 unvested RSUs were excluded
from the calculation of net loss per share. As of December 31, 2024, 73,449 shares of preferred stock, 6,935,042 warrants, and 832,731 options for shares of common stock were excluded from the calculation of net loss per share. For
the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, pre-funded warrants issued in 2020 as consideration for services of 274,286 and 430,108 ,
respectively, are included in the calculation of net loss per common share. 2022
Equity Incentive Plan In
November 2022, the Company’s Board of Directors adopted, and its shareholders approved, the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”).
The Plan provides for the granting of equity-based awards to employees, directors, and consultants. The Plan provides for equity-based
awards including incentive stock options, non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance share awards, cash awards
and other equity-based awards. Awards are limited to a maximum term of 10 years and any exercise prices shall not be less than 100% of
the fair market value of one share of common stock on the grant date. The Plan authorized an initial maximum number of shares underlying
awards of 900,000 with an automatic annual increase to an amount equal to 15 % of the total number of shares outstanding as of the end
of the preceding fiscal year. In October 2025, the Company’s stockholders approved an amendment to the Plan to increase the number
of shares available for issuance under the Plan by 750,000 . As of December 31, 2025, there are 891,975 awards authorized but unissued
available under the Plan. F- 14 Stock
Options The
following table summarizes the stock option activity for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024: Schedule of Stock Options Activity Number
                                            of Shares Weighted- Average Exercise
                                            Price Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years) Aggregate Intrinsic
                                            Value Outstanding at December 31, 2023 527,717 $ 4.17 9.0 $ 112,141 Granted 392,000 $ 3.64 Exercised - $ - Forfeited / canceled ( 86,986 ) $ 3.83 Outstanding at December 31, 2024 832,731 $ 3.96 8.5 $ - Granted 266,500 $ 2.09 Exercised - $ - Forfeited / canceled ( 360,446 ) $ 3.57 Outstanding at December 31, 2025 738,785 $ 3.51 8.3 $ - Vested at December 31, 2025 478,934 $ 4.10 7.9 $ - The
fair value of options granted and modified in the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was estimated using the Black-Scholes option
pricing model based on the assumptions in the table below: Schedule of Black Scholes Option Pricing Model 2025 2024 Expected dividend yield 0 % 0 % Expected volatility 94 %
                                            - 97 % 85 %
                                            - 107 % Risk-free interest rate 3.7 %
                                            - 4.5 % 3.5 %
                                            - 5.3 % Expected life (in years) 5.5 0.5 - 6.0 ● Volatility
                                            – The trading volatility was determined by calculating the volatility of the Company’s
                                            peer group. ● Expected
                                            life of options – The expected life of options granted to employees was determined
                                            using the simplified method. ● Risk-free
                                            interest rate – This is the U.S. Treasury rate, having a term comparable to the
                                            expected life of the stock option. ● Dividend
                                            yield – The Company does not expect to pay a dividend in the foreseeable future. The
weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was $ 1.56 and $ 2.78 , respectively.
The total grant-date fair value of options vested during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 was approximately $ 632,512 and $ 819,077 ,
respectively. During
the year ended December 31, 2024, certain stock option awards granted to related parties were modified as follows: ● In
                                            July 2024, the Company modified 131,927 vested stock option awards granted to the former
                                            Chief Marketing Officer by extending his period to exercise these awards from 6 months to
                                            12 months following termination. This modification resulted in additional stock-based compensation
                                            expense of $ 28,666 . ● In
                                            December 2024, the Company modified stock option awards granted to the former Chief Financial
                                            Officer by (i) accelerating the vesting of 31,103 unvested options, and (ii) extending the
                                            period to exercise all now-vested 109,500 awards from 6 months to 12 months following his
                                            passing. These modifications resulted in additional stock-based compensation expense of $ 51,696 . No
options were exercised in any of the periods presented. During
the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recognized approximately $ 722,304 and $ 940,642 , respectively, of compensation
expense related to stock options. F- 15 As
of December 31, 2025, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock options was approximately $ 262,000 , which
the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.0 year. Restricted
Stock Units During
the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company granted 342,030 restricted stock units (“RSUs”) with an average grant date
fair value of $ 1.27 . The RSUs vest over a two-year 2 period. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recognized $ 72,396 of
compensation expense related to RSUs. As
of December 31, 2025, the total unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested RSUs was approximately $ 362,000 , which the Company
expects to recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately 1.7 years. Stock
Grants During
the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company granted 168,465 shares of common stock with an average grant date fair value of $ 1.27 ,
all of which were fully vested at the grant date and all of which were issued prior to December 31, 2025. During the year ended December
31, 2025, the Company recognized $ 213,951 of compensation expense related to the stock grants. Warrants The
following table provides details of the Company’s outstanding warrants including those issued as consideration for services and
those issued in conjunction with transactions as of December 31, 2025: Schedule
of Outstanding Warrants Exercise
    Price Expiration Number
    of Warrants $ 0.0007 2030 274,286 $ 1.22 2036 5,000 $ 2.00 - $ 2.66 2026 - 2032 2,164,179 $ 3.36 - $ 4.16 2028 - 2029 1,842,807 $ 6.51 - $ 7.80 2026 - 2032 1,484,829 $ 8.125 2028 1,443,227 7,214,328 Warrants
Issued in Conjunction with Transactions During
the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company issued the following warrants as part of two equity
offerings: ● In
                                            February 2024, 1,507,139 warrants with an exercise price of $ 4.16 per share and an expiration
                                            date 5 years from issuance. In addition, the Company issued an additional 218,382 warrants
                                            with an exercise price of $ 4.16 per share and an expiration date 5 years from issuance pursuant
                                            to the underwriters’ overallotment option. As of December 31, 2025, 16,000 of these
                                            warrants have been exercised and 1,709,521 remain outstanding. As a result of this transaction, 90,419 warrants issued in connection with the Company’s 2023 initial public offering
                                            (“IPO”) had their exercise prices reduced to $ 3.782 per share pursuant to an
                                            anti-dilution provision in the warrants resulting in a deemed dividend of $ 16,774 . ● In
                                            February 2024, 478,429 pre-funded warrants with an exercise price of $ 0.0001 per share. All
                                            such pre-funded warrants were exercised in 2024. ● In
                                            February 2024, 90,428 warrants with an exercise price of $ 4.16 per share and an expiration
                                            date 5 years from issuance to the underwriters. The warrants were valued at approximately
                                            $ 263,145 , and as of December 31, 2025, none of these warrants have been exercised. ● In
                                            October 2024, 1,565,000 warrants to purchase shares of the Company’s common stock at
                                            an exercise price of $ 2.00 per share and expiration date of 5.5 years from issuance. As of
                                            December 31, 2025, none of these warrants have been exercised. As a result of this transaction, 90,419 warrants issued in connection with the Company’s 2023 IPO had their exercise
                                            prices further reduced to $ 2.00 per share pursuant to an anti-dilution provision in the warrants
                                            resulting in a deemed dividend of $ 28,211 . F- 16 ● In
                                            October 2024, 702,398 pre-funded warrants with an exercise price of $ 0.0001 per share. The
                                            pre-funded warrants were exercised in their entirety in cashless exercise transactions as
                                            of March 31, 2025, pursuant to which 702,373 shares of common stock were issued. ● In
                                            October 2024, 62,600 warrants with an exercise price of $ 2.00 per share and an expiration
                                            date 5.5 years from issuance to the placement agent. The warrants were valued at approximately
                                            $ 116,436 and, as of December 31, 2025, none of these warrants have been exercised. Warrants
Issued as Consideration for Services The
following table summarizes the activity for warrants issued as consideration for services for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024: Schedule
of Warrant Activity Number of Warrants Weighted- Average Exercise
Price Weighted- Average Remaining Contractual Term
(Years) Aggregate Intrinsic
Value Outstanding at December 31, 2023 678,176 $ 1.57 6.6 $ 1,209,136 Granted - $ - Exercised ( 14,285 ) $ 2.66 Forfeited / canceled - $ - Outstanding at December 31, 2024 663,891 $ 1.55 5.6 $ 548,380 Granted 5,000 $ 1.22 Exercised - $ - Forfeited / canceled - $ - Outstanding at December 31, 2025 668,891 $ 1.54 4.6 $ 242,003 Vested at December 31, 2025 665,974 $ 1.55 4.6 $ 242,003 During
the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recognized $ 1,979 and $ 3,007 , respectively, of compensation expense related to
certain warrants. As
of December 31, 2025, there was $ 2,771 of unrecognized compensation expense related to certain warrants, which the Company expects to
recognize over a weighted-average period of approximately 0.6 years. The
total grant-date fair value of warrants vested during the year ended December 31, 2025 was approximately $ 1,979 . F- 17 9. Income Taxes Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of net operating losses, credit carryforwards, and temporary differences between the carrying
amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. Significant components
of the Company’s deferred tax assets for federal and state income taxes are as follows: Schedule of Deferred Tax Assets And Liabilities 2025 2024 December
    31, 2025 2024 Deferred tax assets: Net operating
    losses $ 4,284,802 $ 2,650,540 Capitalized research and
    development 633,047 647,602 Stock-based compensation 378,247 183,856 Intangibles 173,817 162,701 Other 14,004 12,374 Total deferred tax assets 5,483,917 3,657,073 Valuation
    allowance ( 5,483,613 ) ( 3,656,627 ) Net deferred tax asset 304 446 Deferred tax liabilities: Property
    and equipment ( 304 ) ( 446 ) Total deferred tax liabilities ( 304 ) ( 446 ) Net deferred tax asset
    / (liability) $ - $ - Realization
of the Company’s deferred tax assets is dependent upon future earnings, if any, the timing, and amount of which are uncertain.
Because of the Company’s lack of U.S. earnings history, the net U.S. deferred tax assets have been fully offset by a valuation
allowance. The valuation allowance increased by $ 1,826,986 and $ 1,583,168 during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. As
of December 31, 2025, the Company has available for federal income tax purposes a gross net operating loss carryforward of approximately
$ 16.9 million and a gross state net operating loss carryforward of approximately $ 8.5 million. The federal net operating loss carryforward
does not expire and may be used to offset future taxable income. The state gross net operating loss begins to expire in 2043. Utilization
of some of the federal and state net operating loss carryforwards is subject to annual limitations due to the “change in ownership”
provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and similar state provisions. The annual limitations may result in the expiration of
net operating losses and credits before utilization. The
Company has provided a valuation allowance against the full amount of the net operating loss benefit and its other net deferred tax assets
since, in the opinion of management, based upon the earnings history of the Company, it is more likely than not that the future tax benefits
of the Company’s net deferred tax assets will not be realized. All or a portion of the remaining valuation allowance may be reduced
in future years based on an assessment of earnings sufficient to fully utilize these potential tax benefits. As
required under ASU 2023-09, the Company has included only the portion of the valuation allowance related to federal deferred tax assets
in the “change in valuation allowance” line of the rate reconciliation. The following table presents a reconciliation of
the total change in the valuation allowance: Schedule of Change in the Valuation Allowance December 31, December 31, 2025 2024 Beginning balance $ 3,656,627 $ 2,073,459 Change charged to income
    tax expense 1,826,986 1,583,168 Ending balance $ 5,483,613 $ 3,656,627 The
Company has incurred net operating losses since inception and it did not have unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2025 and 2024,
and does not anticipate this to change significantly over the next 12 months. The Company will recognize interest and penalties accrued
on any unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax expense. The
Company files income tax returns in the U.S. and certain state jurisdictions. The Company is not currently under examination in these
jurisdictions for any tax year. The Company’s tax years beginning with 2022 are open tax years. Because of net operating losses
and research credit carryovers, substantially all the Company’s tax years remain open to examination. F- 18 Income
tax provision (benefit) related to continuing operations differs from the amounts computed by applying the statutory income tax rate
of 21% to pretax loss as follows: Effective Income Tax Rate of Income Tax Expense Amount Rate Amount Rate December
    31, 2025 December
    31, 2024 Amount Rate Amount Rate U.S. Federal statutory tax rate $ ( 1,364,594 ) 21.0 % $ ( 1,468,666 ) 21.0 % Change in valuation allowance 1,301,116 ( 20.0 ) 1,279,813 ( 18.3 ) Stock-based compensation 61,674 ( 1.0 ) 193,265 ( 2.8 ) Other 1,804 - ( 4,412 ) 0.1 Income tax expense
    benefit $ - - % $ - - % 10. Material Agreements JHU-APL
Technology License In
February 2018, the Company entered into an exclusive, world-wide, royalty-bearing license with JHU-APL (the “2018 License Agreement”).
The license covers three (3) issued patents, one (1) new provisional patent application, non-patent rights to proprietary libraries of
algorithms and other trade secrets, as well as modifications and improvements. In October 2021, the Company executed an amendment to
the original license for improvements and new advanced analytics capabilities. In consideration of the rights granted to the Company
under the 2018 License Agreement, JHU-APL received a warrant equal to five percent ( 5 %) of the then fully diluted equity base of the
Company, which was diluted following the closing of the Company’s IPO and subsequent financings. In
July 2022, the Company entered into an exclusive, world-wide, royalty-bearing license from JHU-APL for the additional technology developed
to enhance the bfLEAP™ platform (the “2022 License Agreement”). The new license provides additional intellectual property
rights including patents, copyrights, and know-how to be utilized under the Company’s bfLEAP™ analytical AI/ML platform.
This 2022 License Agreement supersedes the previous 2018 License Agreement. In consideration for entering into the new license, the Company
issued 39,879 shares of common stock to JHU-APL. Under the terms of the 2022 License Agreement, JHU-APL will be entitled to eight percent
( 8 %) of net sales for the services provided by the Company to other parties and three percent ( 3 %) for internally developed drug projects
in which the JHU-APL license is utilized. The new license also contains tiered sub licensing fees that start at 50 % and decline to 25 %
based on revenues. In addition, under the 2022 License Agreement, the minimum annual royalty payments are $ 30,000 for 2022, $ 80,000 for
2023, and $ 300,000 per year for 2024 and beyond, all of which are creditable by royalties. If cumulative annual royalty payments do not
reach these levels, the amount due to JHU-APL to reach the annual minimum is due by January 1 st of the following year. Failure
to make annual royalty payments is considered a material breach under the agreement and, upon notice from JHU-APL of a material breach,
the Company will have 60 days to cure the material breach. The financial terms of the new license agreement replaces the original terms
within the 2018 License Agreement and are not duplicative. In
May 2023, the Company and JHU-APL entered into Amendment Number 1 of the 2022 License Agreement whereby the Company gained access to
certain improvements including additional patents and know-how in exchange for a series of payments totaling $ 275,000 . The first of these
payments for $ 75,000 was paid in July 2023, the second of these payments for $ 75,000 was paid in June 2025, and the remaining payments
of $ 75,000 and $ 50,000 are due in 2026 and 2027, respectively. The amendment also reduced the 2023 minimum annual royalty payment from
$ 80,000 to $ 60,000 ; all other financial terms remained the same. As
of December 31, 2025, the Company has accrued the entire $ 300,000 minimum annual royalty but the entire balance remains uninvoiced and
unpaid as of the date of this filing. Additionally, the Company has accrued $ 43,750 of the $ 75,000 annual license fee due in June 2026.
The Company assessed whether the license should be capitalized and determined that the licensed program is in the early stage and therefore
may not be recoverable; the Company expensed the license fee and will expense development costs until commercial viability is likely George
Washington University - Beta2-spectrin siRNA License In
January 2022, the Company entered into an exclusive, world-wide, royalty-bearing license from George Washington University (“GWU”)
for rights to use siRNA targeting Beta2-spectrin in the treatment of human diseases, including hepatocellular carcinoma. The license
covers methods claimed in three U.S. and worldwide patent applications, and also includes use of this approach for treatment of obesity,
non-alcoholic fatty liver disease, and non-alcoholic steatohepatitis. F- 19 In
consideration of the rights granted to the Company under the license agreement, the Company paid GWU a $ 20,000 license initiation fee
in 2022. Under the terms of the license agreement, GWU will be entitled to a three percent ( 3 %) royalty on net sales subject to quarterly
minimums once the first sale has occurred subsequent to regulatory approval, as well as sublicense or assignment fees in the event the
Company sublicenses or assigns their rights to use the technology. The Company will also reimburse GWU for previously incurred and ongoing
patent costs. The sublicense and assignment fees decline as the Company advances the clinical development of the licensed technology.
The license agreement also contains milestone payments for clinical development through the approval of a new drug application (“NDA”)
by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and commercialization. As of December 31, 2025, there has been no accrual for royalties since
the Company has not begun to generate applicable revenue; however, the Company has accrued the $ 20,000 license maintenance fees for 2025.
The Company assessed whether the license should be capitalized and determined that the licensed program is in the early stage and therefore
may not be recoverable. The Company expensed the license fee and will expense development costs until commercial viability is likely. Johns
Hopkins University – Mebendazole License In
February 2022, the Company entered into an exclusive, world-wide, royalty-bearing license from Johns Hopkins University (“JHU”)
for the use of an improved formulation of Mebendazole for the treatment of any human cancer or neoplastic disease. This formulation shows
potent activity in animal models with different types of cancer and has been evaluated in a Phase I clinical trial in patients with high-grade
glioma (NCT01729260). The trial, an open-label dose-escalation study, assessed the safety and efficacy of the improved formulation with
adjuvant temozolomide in 24 patients with newly diagnosed gliomas. Investigators observed no dose-limiting toxicity in patients receiving
all but the highest tested dose (200mg/kg/day). Four of the 15 patients receiving the maximum tested dose of 200mg/kg/day experienced
dose-limiting toxicity, all of which were reversed by decreasing or eliminating the dose given. There were no serious adverse events
attributed to Mebendazole at any dose during the trial. 41.7% of patients who received Mebendazole were alive at two years after enrollment,
and 25% were alive at four years (Gallia et al., 2021). The
license covers six (6) issued patents and one (1) pending application. In consideration of the rights granted to the Company under the
license agreement, JHU received a staggered upfront license fee of $ 250,000 , with $ 50,000 paid in 2022 and the remaining balance of $ 200,000 paid in 2023. The Company will also reimburse JHU for previously incurred and ongoing patent costs. Under the terms of the license agreement,
JHU will be entitled to three and one-half percent ( 3.5 %) royalty on net sales by the Company in which the JHU license was utilized.
In addition, the Company is required to pay JHU minimum annual royalty payments of $ 5,000 for 2022, $ 10,000 for 2023, $ 20,000 for 2024,
$ 30,000 for 2025 and $ 50,000 for 2026 and each year after until the first commercial sale, after which the annual minimum royalty shall
be $ 250,000 . The license agreement also contains milestone payments for clinical development steps through the approval of an NDA and
commercialization. As of December 31, 2024, the accrued expense balance related to this license agreement was $ 20,000 , which was paid
in January 2025. In the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company accrued and paid the royalty fee of $ 30,000 . The Company assessed whether
the license should be capitalized and determined that the licensed program is in the early stage and therefore may not be recoverable.
The Company expensed the license fee and will expense development costs until commercial viability is likely. Johns
Hopkins University – Prodrug License In
October 2022, the Company entered into an exclusive, world-wide, royalty-bearing license from JHU and the Institute of Organic Chemistry
and Biochemistry (“IOCB”) of the Czech Academy of Sciences for rights to commercialize N-substituted prodrugs of Mebendazole
that demonstrate improved solubility and bioavailability. The license covers prodrug compositions and use for treating disease as claimed
in multiple U.S. and worldwide patent applications. In consideration for the rights granted to the Company under the license agreement,
JHU and IOCB received a staggered upfront license fee of $ 100,000 and the Company reimbursed JHU and IOCB for previously incurred patent
costs. Under the terms of the license agreement, JHU and IOCB will be entitled to a four percent ( 4.0 %) royalty on net sales by the Company
in which the JHU and IOCB license was utilized. In addition, the Company is required to pay JHU and IOCB minimum annual royalty payments
of $ 5,000 for 2026, $ 10,000 for 2027, $ 20,000 for 2028, $ 30,000 for 2029 and $ 50,000 for 2030 and each year after until the first commercial
sale, after which, the annual minimum royalty shall be $ 150,000 . The license agreement also contains milestone payments for patent grants,
clinical development steps through the approval of an NDA and commercialization. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the balance of accrued
expense related to this license agreement was $ 0 . The Company assessed whether the license should be capitalized and determined that
the licensed program is in the early stage and therefore may not be recoverable. The Company will expense the license fee and development
costs until commercial viability is likely. F- 20 Lieber
Institute for Brain Development Partnership In
September 2023, the Company entered into a Data Use and Technology Partnership Agreement (the “Data Use Agreement”) and a
related Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) with the Lieber Institute for Brain Development (“LIBD”), a nonprofit
medical research organization focused on mental health disorders. The partnership is intended to combine LIBD’s proprietary brain-related
datasets with the Company’s AI/ML capabilities to support drug discovery and development
activities. Under
the Data Use Agreement, LIBD granted the Company a limited, royalty-free, non-transferable license to access and use certain curated
LIBD datasets solely for the application of AI/ML to drug development, excluding diagnostic uses.
The license was exclusive for an initial one-year term beginning upon receipt of the first significant tranche of data and was subsequently
extended. The Company is responsible for all costs associated with the development plan and is required to provide LIBD with the resulting
deliverables upon completion of the exclusivity period. Pursuant to the MOU, the Company entered into a Commercial Agreement with LIBD governing the potential commercialization of products or services derived from
LIBD data. Under the proposed structure, LIBD would receive royalties on net sales and a percentage of sublicense revenue, with rates
varying based on the source of commercialization. The Company has also agreed to provide LIBD with any such products or services free
of charge for LIBD’s internal research use. 11. Commitments and Contingencies While
not assured, management does not believe, based upon information available at this time, that a loss contingency will have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Additionally, the Company does not have
any material commitments. 12. Subsequent Events The
Company evaluates subsequent events and transactions that occur after the balance sheet date up to the date that the consolidated financial
statements are issued. Subsequent
to the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company continued to raise capital through sales of shares of its common stock under its
ATM Agreement. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, the Company received approximately $ 0.9 million of net proceeds from the sale of 976,204 shares of the Company’s common stock at an average price of approximately $ 0.90 per share. Consequently, as of the date of this filing, approximately $ 16.4 million
of capacity remains available under the ATM Agreement; however, the amount the Company is permitted to raise in any 12-month period
is currently limited based on its public float pursuant to SEC General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3. Accordingly, as of the date of
this filing, the Company is limited to additional common stock sales of approximately $ 1.1 million under the ATM facility. Subsequent
to the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company raised capital through its purchase agreement with Lincoln Park. In January 2026, the
Company received proceeds of approximately $ 218,000 from the sale of 270,000 shares at an average price of approximately $ 0.81 per share. F- 21

