TICKER: BNL
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
Supply chain disruptions and price fluctuations in the construction and building industry could result in increased costs and significant delays for building renovation and maintenance projects. This potential illiquidity may limit our ability to quickly adjust our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions, including tenant demand. Such occurrences could materially and adversely affect us. Our underwriting and risk management procedures that we use to evaluate a tenant’s credit risk may be faulty, deficient, or otherwise fail to accurately reflect the risk of our investment, which could materially and adversely affect us. Our underwriting and risk management procedures that we use to evaluate a tenant’s credit risk may not be sufficient to identify tenant problems in a timely manner or at all. To evaluate tenant credit risk, we utilize a tenant’s public credit rating if available and credit-assessment tools to help us determine a tenant’s implied credit rating when a public rating is not available. Tenant credit ratings, public or implied, however, are only one component of how we assess the risk of tenant insolvency. We also use our own internal estimate of the likelihood of an insolvency or default, based on the regularly monitored performance of our properties, our assessment of each tenant’s financial health, including profitability, liquidity, indebtedness, and leverage profile, and our assessment of the health and performance of the tenant’s particular industry. Our methods may not adequately assess the risk of an investment and, if our assessment of credit quality proves to be inaccurate, we may be subject to defaults and investors may view our cash flows as less stable. We also rely on information from our tenants to evaluate credit risk and conduct ongoing risk management. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 81.6% of our ABR is received from tenants that are required to provide us with specified financial information on a periodic basis. An additional 14.2% of our ABR is received from tenants who are not required to provide us with specified financial information under the terms of our lease, but whose financial statements are available publicly, either through SEC filings or otherwise. A tenant’s failure to provide appropriate information may interfere with our ability to accurately evaluate a potential tenant’s credit risk or determine an existing tenant’s default risk, the occurrence of either could materially and adversely affect us. We may experience a higher number of tenant defaults because we lease most of our properties to tenants who do not have an investment grade credit rating. We depend on the ability of our tenants to meet their obligations to pay rent to us due under our lease for substantially all of our revenue. As of December 31, 2025, only approximately 20.2% of our ABR came from tenants who had an investment grade credit rating. A substantial majority of our properties are leased to unrated tenants. Our investments in properties leased to unrated tenants may have a greater risk of default than investments in properties leased exclusively to investment grade tenants. The ability of an unrated tenant to meet its rent and other obligations under its lease with us may be subject to greater risk than our tenants that have an investment grade rating. If one or more of our unrated tenants defaults, it could have a material adverse effect on us. We could face potential material adverse effects from the bankruptcies or insolvencies of our tenants. If a tenant, or the guarantor of a lease of a tenant, commences, or has commenced against it, any legal or equitable proceeding under any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership, or other debtor’s relief statute or law (collectively, a “bankruptcy proceeding”), we may be unable to collect all sums due to us under that tenant’s lease or be forced to “take back” a property as a result of a default or a rejection of a lease by a tenant in a bankruptcy proceeding. In addition, an actual or anticipated tenant bankruptcy or speculation in the press or investment community about an actual or anticipated tenant bankruptcy may also negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in the market price or trading volume of shares of our common stock. If a tenant becomes bankrupt or insolvent, federal law may prohibit us from evicting such tenant based solely upon such bankruptcy or insolvency. In addition, a bankrupt or insolvent tenant may be authorized to reject and terminate its lease or leases with us. Any claims against such bankrupt tenant for unpaid future rent would be subject to statutory limitations that would likely result in our receipt of rental revenues that are substantially less than the 24 Table of Contents contractually specified rent we are owed under the lease or leases. Any or all of the lease obligations of our tenants, or any guarantor of our tenants, could be subject to a bankruptcy proceeding which may bar our efforts to collect pre-bankruptcy debts from these entities or their properties, unless we are able to obtain an enabling order from the bankruptcy court. If our lease is rejected by a tenant in bankruptcy, we may only have a general unsecured claim against the tenant and may not be entitled to any further payments under the lease. We may also be unable to re-lease a terminated or rejected space or to re-lease it on comparable or more favorable terms. A bankruptcy proceeding could hinder or delay our efforts to collect past due balances and ultimately preclude collection of these sums, resulting in a decrease or cessation of rental payments, which could materially and adversely affect us. Our properties may be subject to impairment charges. We routinely evaluate our real estate investments for impairment indicators. The judgment regarding the existence of impairment indicators is based on factors such as market conditions and tenant performance. For example, the early termination of, or default under, a lease by a tenant may lead to an impairment charge. Since our investment focus is on properties net leased to a single tenant, the financial failure of, or other default by, a single tenant under its lease(s) may result in a significant impairment loss. If we determine that an impairment has occurred, we would be required to make a downward adjustment to the net carrying value of the property, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in which the impairment charge is recorded. Management has recorded impairment charges related to certain properties in each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, and may record future impairments based on actual results and changes in circumstances. See “Critical Accounting Policies – Long-Lived Asset Impairment” in Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” for a discussion of real estate impairment charges. We may engage in development or expansion projects, including speculative development projects, which would subject us to additional risks that could negatively impact our operations. We may engage in development or expansion projects, which are subject to a number of risks, including construction delays, supply chain disruptions and inflation, price fluctuation of materials, and cost overruns that may increase anticipated project costs. Such development or expansion projects could also require us, our tenants, or any development partners to raise additional capital or obtain zoning, occupancy, or other required governmental permits and authorizations. A decision by any governmental agency not to issue a required permit or substantial delays in the permitting process could cause the incurrence of penalties, delay us from receiving rental payments, result in us receiving reduced rental payments, or prevent us from pursuing the development or expansion project altogether. We also rely on third-party construction managers and/or engineers to monitor certain construction activities. If we engage or partner with a developer, we rely on the developer to monitor construction activities and our interests may not be aligned. Additional risks related to development or expansion projects include, but are not limited to: • unsuccessful development opportunities could cause us to incur direct expenses; • construction costs of a project may exceed original estimates making the project less profitable than originally estimated or unprofitable; • time or cost required to complete the construction of a project or to lease up the completed project may be greater than originally anticipated, thereby adversely affecting our cash flow and liquidity; • legal action to compel performance of contractors, developers, or partners may cause delays and our costs may not be reimbursed; • we may not be able to find tenants to lease the space built on a speculative basis or in a redeveloped or renovated building, which will impact our cash flow and ability to finance or sell such properties; • possible gaps in warranty obligations of our developers and contractors and the obligations to a tenant; • occupancy rates and rents of a completed project may not be sufficient to make the project profitable; and • favorable financing sources to fund development activities may not be available. The inability to successfully complete development or expansion projects or to complete them on a timely basis could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We may enter into new transaction structures, including real estate lending opportunities, the provision of transitional capital, and joint ventures, which would subject us to additional risks that could negatively impact our operations. We may explore and enter into new transaction structures, including real estate lending opportunities, the provision of transitional capital, and joint ventures, that may or may not be closely related to our current business. These new transaction structures may have new, different, or increased risks than what we are currently exposed to in our business and 25 Table of Contents we may not be able to manage these risks successfully. Additionally, when investing in such new transaction structures, we will be exposed to the risk that those structures, or the income generated thereby, will affect our ability to meet the requirements to maintain our REIT status and to avoid entity-level taxes, or will subject us to additional regulatory requirements or limitations. If we are not able to successfully manage the risks associated with such new transaction structures, it could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Our business may be adversely affected by changes in U.S. trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs and resulting effects. Changes in U.S. trade policy, including the imposition of tariffs on certain foreign goods or an increase in existing tariffs, renegotiating or terminating certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade agreements, and the imposition of additional trade restrictions, may have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations resulting from potential negative effects on the operations of our tenants and/or our ability to successfully execute on build-to-suit development projects and expansion opportunities. While these developments should not directly affect the Company because of the nature of our operations, they could negatively impact the operations of our tenants to the extent they import or export goods in connection with the operation of their respective businesses, which could in turn negatively impact the ability of our tenants to fulfill their contractual obligations pursuant to our leases, including the payment of rent. Further, if, as a result of existing or future tariffs, current or future tenants or development partners are forced to increase prices of their goods or services, incur additional expenses for inputs or construction materials, modify business operations, or forego business opportunities, it may lead to the delay, abandonment, or cancellation of our existing and future build-to-suit development projects and expansion opportunities, which may adversely affect our results of operations. Security breaches, technology disruptions, and new technologies could compromise our information systems and expose us to liability, which could materially and adversely affect us. Information security risks, including risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization, and other significant disruptions of our IT networks and related systems, have increased in recent years due to the increased technological sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks, including by computer hackers, foreign governments, and cyber terrorists. Our business involves the storage and transmission of sensitive and confidential information and intellectual property, including tenants’ information, private information about our stockholders and our employees, and financial and strategic information about us. In addition to our internal information systems, we also rely on third-party service providers that may have access to such information in connection with providing necessary information technology, security, and other business services to us. If we fail to assess and identify cybersecurity risks associated with our operations, we may become increasingly vulnerable to such risks. Additionally, the measures we have implemented to prevent security breaches and cyber incidents may not be effective. The theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation, or release of sensitive or confidential information or intellectual property, or interference with or disruptions of our IT networks and related systems or the technology systems of third parties on which we rely, could result in business disruption, negative publicity, brand damage, violation of privacy laws, loss of tenants, liability, and competitive disadvantage. The costs related to cyber-attacks or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Laws and regulations governing data privacy are constantly evolving and often contain detailed requirements regarding collecting and processing personal information, restrict the use and storage of such information, and govern the effectiveness of consumer consent. Any of the above risks could materially and adversely affect us. New technologies also continue to develop, including tools that harness generative artificial intelligence and other machine learning techniques (collectively, “AI”). AI is developing at a rapid pace and becoming more accessible. As a result, the use of such new technologies by the Company and/or the Company’s third-party service providers can present additional known and unknown risks, including, among others, the risk that confidential information may be stolen, misappropriated, or disclosed and the risk that the Company and/or its third-party service providers may rely on incorrect, unclear, or biased outputs generated by such evolving technologies, any of which could have an adverse impact on the Company and its business. Changes in accounting standards may materially and adversely affect us. From time to time the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”), and the SEC, which create and interpret accounting standards, may change the financial accounting and reporting standards or their interpretation and application of these standards that will govern the preparation of our financial statements. These changes could materially and adversely affect our reported financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retroactively, resulting in restated prior period financial statements. In addition, any changes may undermine our ability to prepare timely and accurate financial statements, which could result in a lack of investor confidence and could materially and adversely affect us. Similarly, these changes could materially and adversely affect our 26 Table of Contents tenants’ reported financial condition or results of operations and affect their preferences regarding leasing real estate as well as their ability to provide accurate or complete financial information to us. Certain provisions of our leases or loan agreements may be unenforceable, which could materially and adversely affect us. Our rights and obligations with respect to the leases at our properties, mortgage loans, or other loans are governed by written agreements. A court could determine that one or more provisions of such agreements are unenforceable, such as a particular remedy, a master lease covenant, a loan prepayment provision, or a provision governing our security interest in the underlying collateral of a borrower or lessee. We could be adversely impacted if this were to happen with respect to an asset or group of assets. We may become subject to litigation, which could materially and adversely affect us. In the future we may become subject to litigation, including, but not limited to, claims relating to our operations, past and future securities offerings, corporate transactions, and otherwise in the ordinary course of business. Some of these claims may result in significant defense costs and potentially significant judgments against us, some of which are not, or cannot be, insured against. We generally intend to vigorously defend ourselves. However, we cannot be certain of the ultimate outcome of any claims that may arise in the future. Resolution of these types of matters against us may result in our having to pay significant fines, judgments, or settlements, which, if uninsured, or if the fines, judgments, and settlements exceed insured levels, could adversely impact our earnings and cash flows, thereby materially and adversely affecting us. Certain litigation or the resolution of certain litigation may affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage, which could materially and adversely impact us, expose us to increased risks that would be uninsured, and materially and adversely impact our ability to attract directors and officers. A failure to maintain effective internal controls could materially and adversely affect us. Effective internal controls over financial reporting, disclosures, and operations are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and public disclosures, effectively prevent fraud, and operate successfully. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports and public disclosures or prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results would be harmed. Our internal controls over financial reporting and operations may not prevent or detect financial misstatements or loss of assets because of inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, management override of controls, or fraud. Effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement accuracy, public disclosures, and safeguarding of assets. Any failure of these internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls as a result of changes to our business or otherwise, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, could result in decreased investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and public disclosures, civil litigation, or investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, and we could fail to meet our reporting obligations, which could materially and adversely affect us. A limited number of our leases may require us to pay property-related expenses that are not the obligations of our tenants, which could materially and adversely affect us. Under the terms of substantially all of our leases, our tenants are responsible for the payment or reimbursement of property expenses such as real estate taxes, insurance, maintenance, repairs, and capital costs in addition to satisfying their rent obligations. Under the provisions of a limited number of our existing leases and leases that we may enter into in the future, however, we may be required to pay some or all of the expenses of the property, such as the costs of environmental liabilities, roof and structural repairs, real estate taxes, insurance, certain non-structural repairs, and maintenance. If our properties incur significant expenses that must be paid by us under the terms of our leases, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected and the amount of cash available to meet expenses and to make distributions to our stockholders and unitholders may be reduced. As a property owner, we may be subject to environmental liabilities, which could be substantial. There may be known or unknown environmental liabilities associated with properties we previously owned, currently own, or may acquire in the future. Laws and regulations governing environmental contamination change and we have been, and in the future may be, subject to liability by virtue of these changes. Under various federal, state, and local laws and regulations relating to the environment, as a current or former owner or operator of real property, we may be liable for costs and damages resulting from environmental matters, including the presence or discharge of hazardous or toxic substances, waste, asbestos-containing building materials, or petroleum products at, on, in, under or migrating from such property, including costs to investigate or clean up such contamination and liability for personal injury, property damage, or harm to natural resources. Such laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the presence of such contamination. These costs and damages could be substantial. Certain uses of some properties may have a heightened risk of environmental liability because of the hazardous materials used in 27 Table of Contents performing services on those properties, such as industrial properties or businesses using petroleum products, paint, machine solvents, and other hazardous materials. We typically undertake customary environmental diligence prior to our acquisition of any property, including obtaining Phase I environmental site assessments. The Phase I environmental site assessments are limited in scope and therefore may not reveal all environmental conditions affecting a property. Therefore, there could be undiscovered environmental liabilities on the properties we own. The known or potential presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect our ability to sell, lease, or improve the property, or to borrow using the property as collateral, and we may incur substantial remediation costs or third-party liability claims In addition, environmental laws may create liens on contaminated properties in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs to address such contamination. Moreover, if contamination is discovered on our properties, environmental laws may impose restrictions on the manner in which they may be used or which businesses may be operated, and these restrictions may require substantial expenditures. Although we may obtain insurance for environmental liability for certain properties that are deemed to warrant coverage, our insurance may be insufficient to address any particular environmental situation and we may be unable to continue to obtain insurance for environmental matters, at a reasonable cost or at all, in the future. If our environmental liability insurance is inadequate, we may become subject to material losses for environmental liabilities. Our ability to receive the benefits of any environmental liability insurance policy will depend on the financial stability of our insurance company and the position it takes with respect to our insurance policies. Although our leases generally require our tenants to operate in compliance with all applicable federal, state, and local environmental laws, ordinances, and regulations, and to indemnify us against any environmental liabilities arising from the tenants’ activities on the property, we could nevertheless be subject to liability, as a current or previous owner of real estate, including strict liability, by virtue of our ownership interest and may be required to remove or remediate hazardous or toxic substances on, under, or in a property. Further, there can be no assurance that our tenants, or the guarantor of a lease, could or would satisfy their indemnification obligations under their leases. Our ability to effectively monitor and respond to the rapid and ongoing developments and often conflicting expectations regarding our corporate responsibility and sustainability efforts may impose unexpected costs or result in reputational or other harm that could have a material adverse effect on our business. There are rapid and ongoing developments and often conflicting expectations relating to corporate responsibility and sustainability matters as governmental entities, investors, employees, and other stakeholders have begun to focus increasingly on such practices. If we are unable to adequately recognize and effectively respond to such developments and conflicting governmental, societal, investor, and consumer expectations relating to our corporate responsibility and sustainability efforts, we may miss corporate opportunities, become subject to additional scrutiny, incur unexpected and significant costs, or experience damage to our reputation. If any of these events were to occur, there may be a material adverse effect on our business. We may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions, which could result in stockholder dilution and limit our ability to sell such assets. In the future, we may acquire properties or portfolios of properties through tax deferred contribution transactions in exchange for OP Units, which may result in stockholder dilution. This acquisition structure may have the effect of, among other things, reducing the amount of tax depreciation we could deduct over the tax life of the acquired properties, and may require that we agree to protect the contributors’ ability to defer recognition of taxable gain through restrictions on our ability to dispose of the acquired properties and/or the allocation of debt to the contributors to maintain their tax bases. As of December 31, 2025, we were party to tax protection agreements covering two properties. Based on values as of December 31, 2025, taxable sales of the applicable properties would trigger liability under the agreements of approximately $10.4 million. In addition, in connection with the Company’s internalization, we entered into a tax protection agreement with Amy L. Tait, the Company’s founder, and certain members of her family, which has a potential liability of up to $10.0 million based on values as of December 31, 2025. These restrictions could limit our ability to sell certain assets or the OP (or our interest in the OP) at a time or on terms that would be favorable absent such restrictions. The departure of any of our key personnel with long-standing business relationships could materially and adversely affect us. Our success depends to a significant degree upon the continued contributions of certain key personnel including, but not limited to, members of our executive management team. Many of our executive personnel, particularly our senior management team, have extensive experience and strong reputations in the real estate industry and have been instrumental in setting our strategic direction, operating our business, identifying, recruiting, and training key personnel, and arranging necessary financing. The departure of any member of our executive management team, or our inability to attract and retain highly qualified personnel, could adversely affect our business, diminish our investment opportunities, and weaken our 28 Table of Contents relationships with lenders, business partners, existing and prospective tenants, and industry personnel, which could materially and adversely affect us. Risks Related to Investments in Real Estate Our operating results are affected by economic and regulatory changes that impact the commercial real estate market in general. The Company is an industrial-focused, diversified net lease REIT that focuses on investing in income-producing, single-tenant net leased commercial properties, primarily in the United States. The Company leases industrial, retail, and other commercial properties under long-term lease agreements. Accordingly, our performance is subject to risks generally attributable to the ownership of commercial real property, including: • changes in supply and demand for single-tenant space in the industrial, retail, and other sectors; • increased competition for real property investments targeted by our investment strategy; • changes in consumer trends and preferences that affect the demand for products and services offered by our tenants; • inability to lease or sell properties upon expiration or termination of existing leases and renewal of leases at lower rental rates; • the subjectivity of real estate valuations and changes in such valuations over time; • the potential risk of functional obsolescence of properties over time; • competition from other properties; and • changes in regulation that affect us or the commercial real estate market in general. The factors described above are out of our control, and we are unable to predict future changes in such factors. Any negative changes in these factors may cause the value of our real estate to decline, which could materially and adversely affect us. Global and U.S. financial markets and economic conditions, such as inflation, may materially and adversely affect us and the ability of our tenants to make rental payments to us pursuant to our leases. A significant portion of our portfolio is leased to tenants operating businesses that directly or indirectly rely on discretionary consumer spending. The success of most of these businesses depends on the willingness of consumers to use discretionary income to purchase their products or services. Our results of operations are sensitive to changes in the overall economic conditions that impact our tenants’ financial condition and leasing practices and a downturn in the economy could cause consumers to reduce their discretionary spending, which could result in tenant bankruptcies or otherwise have an adverse impact on our tenants’ ability to successfully manage their businesses and pay us amounts due under our lease agreements, thereby materially and adversely affecting us. Accordingly, adverse economic conditions such as the imposition of tariffs and their resulting effects, high unemployment levels, fluctuations in interest rates, a decrease in available financing, high inflation, labor and workforce shortages, supply chain issues, tax rates, and fuel and energy costs may have an impact on the results of operations and financial conditions of our tenants. During periods of economic slowdown or recession, rising interest rates and declining demand for real estate may result in a general decline in rents or an increased incidence of defaults under existing leases. A lack of demand for rental space could adversely affect our ability to maintain our current tenants and gain new tenants, which may affect our growth and results of operations. Accordingly, a decline in economic conditions could materially and adversely affect us. Increased inflation could lead to interest rate increases that could have a negative impact on variable rate debt we currently have or that we may incur in the future, including increases to interest rates on our borrowings set to reprice in the future. During times when inflation is greater than the increases in rent provided by many of our leases, rent increases will not keep up with the rate of inflation. Increased costs may have an adverse impact on our tenants if increases in their operating expenses exceed increases in revenue, which may adversely affect the tenants’ ability to pay rent owed to us, which in turn could materially and adversely affect us. In addition, some of our properties are leased to tenants that may have limited financial and other resources and, therefore, they may be more likely to be adversely affected by a downturn in their respective businesses or in the regional or national economy. Inflation may also have an adverse effect on consumer spending, which could impact our tenants’ revenues and their ability to pay rent owed to us, which in turn could materially and adversely affect us. 29 Table of Contents Our real estate investments are illiquid. Because real estate investments are relatively illiquid, our ability to adjust our portfolio promptly in response to economic, financial, investment, or other conditions may be limited. We may be unable to realize our investment objective by sale, other disposition, or refinancing at attractive prices within any given period of time, or we may otherwise be unable to complete any exit strategy. Further, certain significant expenditures generally do not change in response to economic or other conditions, such as (i) debt service, (ii) real estate taxes, and (iii) operating and maintenance costs. The inability to dispose of a property at an acceptable price or at all, as well as the combination of variable revenue and relatively fixed expenditures may result, under certain market conditions, in reduced earnings and could have an adverse effect on our financial condition. We face risks associated with climate change, which could materially and adversely impact us. As a result of climate change, our properties in certain markets could experience increases in storm intensity, flooding, drought, wildfires, rising sea levels, and extreme temperatures. The potential physical impacts of climate change on our properties are uncertain and would be particular to the geographic circumstances in areas in which we own property. Over time, these conditions could result in volatile or decreased demand for certain of our properties or, in extreme cases, the inability of our tenants to operate the properties at all. Climate change may also have indirect effects on our business by increasing the cost of insurance (or making insurance unavailable), increasing the cost of energy at our properties, or requiring us to spend funds to repair and protect our properties against such risks. Compliance with new federal and state-level laws or regulations related to climate change, including climate change disclosures, compliance with “green” building codes or other laws or regulations relating to reduction of carbon footprints and/or greenhouse gas emissions, may require us to make significant cash expenditures both at the property and corporate level. Furthermore, our tenants’ increased costs associated with compliance with such laws or regulations could negatively impact our tenants’ operating results and ability to pay rent. Any of these occurrences could materially and adversely impact us. Natural disasters, pandemics or epidemics, terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or war, or other catastrophic events could materially and adversely impact us. Natural disasters ( e.g. , hurricanes, floods, earthquakes, wildfires, or other types of natural disasters), pandemics or epidemics, terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or war, or other catastrophic events could cause damage to our properties, materially interrupt our business operations (or those of our tenants), cause consumer confidence and spending to decrease, or result in increased volatility in the U.S. and worldwide financial markets and economy. We own properties in regions that have historically been impacted by natural disasters and it is probable such regions will continue to be impacted by such events. If a disaster occurs, we could suffer a complete loss of capital invested in, and any profits expected from, the affected properties. Any of these occurrences could materially and adversely affect us. Insurance on our properties may not adequately cover all losses and uninsured losses could materially and adversely affect us. Our tenants are generally required to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage for the properties they lease from us pursuant to our net leases. Pursuant to such leases, our tenants are required to name us (and any of our lenders that have a mortgage on the property leased by the tenant) as additional insureds on their liability policies and loss payee (or mortgagee, in the case of our lenders) on their property policies. Additionally, most tenants are required to maintain casualty coverage and most carry limits at 100% of replacement cost. Depending on the location of the property, losses of a catastrophic nature, such as those caused by earthquakes and floods, may be covered by insurance policies that are held by our tenant with limitations such as large deductibles, co-payments, or sub-limits that a tenant may not be able to meet. In addition, losses of a catastrophic nature, such as those caused by wind/hail, hurricanes, terrorism, or acts of war, may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. In the event there is damage to our properties that is not covered by insurance and such properties are subject to recourse indebtedness, we will continue to be liable for the indebtedness, even if these properties are irreparably damaged. In addition, if uninsured damages to a property occur or a loss exceeds policy limits and we do not have adequate cash to fund repairs, we may be forced to sell the property at a loss or to borrow capital to fund the repairs. Furthermore, in the event we experience a substantial or comprehensive loss of one of our properties, we may not be able to rebuild such property to its existing specifications without significant capital expenditures which may exceed any amounts received pursuant to insurance policies. The loss of our capital investment in or anticipated future returns from our properties due to material uninsured losses could materially and adversely affect us. 30 Table of Contents Our costs of compliance with laws and regulations may require us or our tenants to make unanticipated expenditures that could reduce the investment return of our stockholders. All real property and the operations conducted on real property are subject to numerous federal, state, and local laws and regulations. We cannot predict what laws or regulations will be enacted in the future, how future laws or regulations will be administered or interpreted, or how future laws or regulations will affect us or our properties. For example, we may be required to make substantial capital expenditures to comply with applicable fire and safety regulations, building codes, environmental regulations, and other land use regulations, and may be required to obtain approvals from various authorities with respect to our properties, including prior to acquiring a property or when undertaking improvements of any of our existing properties. Additionally, pursuant to the Americans with Disabilities Act (“ADA”), all public accommodations must meet federal requirements related to access and use by disabled persons. Compliance with ADA requirements could require property-level expenditures and non-compliance could result in imposition of fines by the U.S. government or an award of damages to private litigants, or both. In most instances, our tenants are obligated to comply with these types of laws and regulations pursuant to our leases and cover costs associated with compliance. However, if required changes involve greater expenditures than anticipated or if the changes must be made on a more accelerated basis than anticipated, the ability of our tenants to cover such costs could be adversely affected and we may be required to expend our own funds. Accordingly, compliance with new laws or regulations, or stricter interpretation of existing laws, may require us or our tenants to incur significant expenditures, impose significant liability, restrict or prohibit business activities, and could cause a material adverse effect on us. Risks Related to Debt Financing As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $2.5 billion principal balance of indebtedness outstanding, which may expose us to the risk of default under our debt obligations. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $2.5 billion principal balance of indebtedness outstanding. We have incurred, and plan to incur in the future, financing through borrowings under term loans, senior notes, our Revolving Credit Facility, and mortgage loans secured by some or all of our properties. In some cases, the mortgage loans we incur are guaranteed by us, the OP, or both. We may also borrow funds if necessary to satisfy the requirement that we distribute to stockholders as dividends at least 90% of our annual REIT taxable income (computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and our net capital gain), or otherwise as is necessary or advisable to assure that we maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Payments of principal and interest on borrowings may leave us with insufficient cash resources to meet our cash needs or make the distributions to our common stockholders currently contemplated or necessary to qualify as a REIT. Our level of debt and the limitations imposed on us by our debt agreements could have significant adverse consequences, including the following: • our cash flow may be insufficient to meet our required principal and interest payments; • cash interest expense and financial covenants relating to our indebtedness, including a covenant in our Revolving Credit Facility that restricts us from paying distributions if an event of default exists, other than distributions required to maintain our REIT status, may limit or eliminate our ability to make distributions to our common stockholders; • we may be forced to dispose of properties, possibly on unfavorable terms or in violation of certain covenants to which we may be subject; • we may default on our obligations and the lenders or mortgagees may foreclose on our properties or our interests in the entities that own the properties that secure their loans and receive an assignment of rents and leases; • we may be restricted from accessing some of our excess cash flow after debt service if certain of our tenants fail to meet certain financial performance metric thresholds; and • our default under any loan with cross default provisions could result in a default on other indebtedness. The occurrence of any of these events could materially and adversely affect us. To the extent new indebtedness is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we now face would increase. As a result, we are and will be subject to risks associated with debt financing, including the risk that our cash flow could be insufficient to make required payments on our debt or to pay dividends on our common stock. Furthermore, foreclosures could create taxable income without accompanying cash proceeds, which could hinder our ability to meet the REIT distribution requirements imposed by the Code. 31 Table of Contents Disruptions in the financial markets and deteriorating economic conditions could adversely affect our ability to obtain debt financing on commercially reasonable terms, refinance existing indebtedness on acceptable terms or at all, and adversely impact our ability to implement our investment strategy and achieve our investment objectives. We use external financing to refinance indebtedness as it matures and to partially fund our acquisitions. Credit markets may experience significant price volatility, displacement, and liquidity disruptions, including the bankruptcy, insolvency, or restructuring of certain financial institutions. Our access to financing depends on, among other things, conditions in the financial markets. The United States and global financial markets have experienced periods of significant volatility and disruption in the past, and are expected to continue to do so in the future. Recent disruptions in the capital markets have resulted in constrained equity and debt capital available for investment in the real estate market and increases in capitalization rates. Future events or sustained negative conditions may also reduce the availability of financing, make financing terms less attractive, as well as negatively impact the value of our investments in properties. If sufficient sources of external financing are not available to us on cost effective terms, we could be forced to limit our planned business activities or take other actions to fund our business activities and repayment of debt such as selling assets or reducing or maintaining our cash distributions. As a result, we may be unable to fully refinance maturing indebtedness with new indebtedness, which could materially and adversely affect us. Uncertainty in the credit markets could also negatively impact our ability to make acquisitions, make it more difficult or impossible for us to sell properties, or adversely affect the price we receive for properties that we do sell, as prospective buyers may experience increased costs of debt financing or difficulties in obtaining debt financing. Failure to hedge effectively against interest rate changes may materially and adversely affect us. To reduce our exposure to variable-rate debt, we enter into interest rate swap agreements to fix the rate of interest as a hedge against interest rate fluctuations on floating-rate debt. These arrangements involve risks and may not be effective in reducing our exposure to interest rate changes. In addition, the counterparties to any hedging arrangements we enter into may not honor their obligations. Failure to hedge effectively against changes in interest rates relating to the interest expense of our future floating-rate borrowings may materially and adversely affect us. A significant portion of our indebtedness is at variable rates which are based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) and the inability or any inefficiency in market participants ability to hedge SOFR-based transactions or the illiquidity or relative illiquidity in the market for SOFR-based instruments may increase the costs associated with SOFR-based debt instruments or our ability to hedge our exposure to floating interest rates. Additionally, a portion of our indebtedness is at variable rates which are based on the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average (“CORRA”), as a result of the transition from the Canadian Dollar Offered Rate, or CDOR, which ceased publication on June 28, 2024. CORRA has a limited history as a reference rate, and changes in this rate have, on occasion, been more volatile than changes in other benchmark or market rates. The liquidity of the CORRA loan markets could result in higher borrowing costs for us. There could be unanticipated difficulties, disruptions or methodological or other changes with the calculation and publication of these rates, which in turn could trigger another benchmark transition or otherwise cause a reliance on an alternate base rate. This could also result in increased borrowing costs for us and thereby adversely affect our financial condition and earnings. Our Revolving Credit Facility and term loan agreements contain various covenants which, if not complied with, could accelerate our repayment obligations, thereby materially and adversely affecting us. We are subject to various financial and operational covenants and financial reporting requirements pursuant to the agreements we have entered into governing our Revolving Credit Facility, term loans, and senior notes. These covenants require us to, among other things, maintain certain financial ratios, including leverage, fixed charge coverage, and debt service coverage, among others. As of December 31, 2025, we believe we were in compliance with all of our loan covenants. Our continued compliance with these covenants depends on many factors and could be impacted by current or future economic conditions, and thus there are no assurances that we will continue to comply with these covenants. Failure to comply with these covenants would result in a default which, if we were unable to cure or obtain a waiver from the lenders, could accelerate our repayment obligations and thereby have a material and adverse impact on us. Further, these covenants, as well as any additional covenants to which we may be subject in the future because of additional borrowings, could cause us to forego investment opportunities, reduce or eliminate distributions to our common stockholders, or obtain financing that is more expensive than financing we could obtain if we were not subject to the covenants. Additionally, these restrictions may adversely affect our operating and financial flexibility and may limit our ability to respond to changes in our business or competitive environment, all of which may materially and adversely affect us. 32 Table of Contents Failure to maintain our current credit ratings could materially and adversely affect our cost of capital, liquidity, and access to capital markets. The spread we pay over applicable reference rates for our unsecured credit facilities is determined based on our current credit ratings of ‘Baa2’ and ‘BBB’ from Moody’s and S&P, respectively. The ratings are based on a number of factors, including an assessment of our financial strength, portfolio size and diversification, credit and operating metrics, and sustainability of cash flow and earnings. If we are unable to maintain our current credit ratings it could adversely affect our cost of capital, liquidity, and access to capital markets. Factors that could negatively impact our credit ratings include, but are not limited to: a significant increase in our leverage on a sustained basis, a significant increase in the proportion of secured debt levels, a significant decline in our unencumbered asset base, and a significant decline in our portfolio diversification. We may incur mortgage debt on a particular property, which may subject us to certain risks, and the occurrence of any such risk could materially and adversely affect us. We may incur mortgage debt on a particular property, especially if we believe the property’s projected cash flow is sufficient to service the mortgage debt. In addition, incurring mortgage debt may increase the risk of loss since defaults on indebtedness secured by a property may result in foreclosure actions initiated by lenders and our loss of the property securing the loan that is in default. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a foreclosure of any of our properties would be treated as a sale of the property for a purchase price equal to the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage. If the outstanding balance of the debt secured by the mortgage exceeds our tax basis in the property, we would recognize taxable income on foreclosure but would not receive any of the proceeds. We may give full or partial guarantees to lenders to the OP or its affiliates. If we give a guaranty on behalf of the OP, we will be responsible to the lender for satisfaction of the debt if it is not paid by the OP. If any mortgages contain cross-collateralization or cross-default provisions, there is a risk that more than one of our real properties may be affected by a default. If any of our properties are foreclosed upon due to a default, we could be materially and adversely affected. Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure Our Charter contains provisions, including ownership and transfer restrictions, that may delay, discourage, or prevent a takeover or change of control transaction that could otherwise result in a premium price to our stockholders. Our Charter contains various provisions that are intended to facilitate our qualification as a REIT. For example, our Charter restricts the direct or indirect ownership by one person or entity to no more than 9.8% of the value of our then outstanding shares of capital stock and no more than 9.8% of the value or number of shares, whichever is more restrictive, of our then outstanding common stock unless exempted by our Board of Directors. This restriction may discourage a change of control of us and may deter individuals or entities from making tender offers for shares of our common stock on terms that might be financially attractive to stockholders or which may cause a change in our management. In addition to deterring potential change of control transactions that may be favorable to our stockholders, these provisions may also decrease our stockholders’ ability to sell their shares of our common stock. As a result, these charter provisions may negatively impact the market price of our common stock. We may issue preferred stock or separate classes or series of common stock, which could adversely affect the holders of our common stock. Our Charter authorizes us to issue up to 520,000,000 shares of stock, and our Board of Directors, without any action by our stockholders, may amend our Charter from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of shares of any class or series of stock that we have authority to issue. Holders of shares of our common stock do not have preemptive rights to acquire any shares issued by us in the future. In addition, our Board of Directors may classify or reclassify any unissued shares of our common stock or preferred stock and establish the preferences, rights, and powers of any such stock. As a result, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of preferred stock or separate classes or series of common stock with terms and conditions that could have priority, with respect to distributions and amounts payable upon our liquidation, over the rights of our common stock. The issuance of shares of such preferred or separate classes or series of common stock could dilute the value of an investment in shares of our common stock. The issuance of shares of preferred stock or a separate class or series of common stock could provide the holders thereof with specified dividend payments and payments upon liquidation prior or senior to those of the common stock, and could also have the effect of delaying, discouraging, or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. 33 Table of Contents Termination of the employment agreements with certain members of our executive management team could be costly. The employment agreements with certain members of our executive management team provide that if their employment with us terminates under certain circumstances, we may be required to pay them significant amounts of severance compensation, thereby making it costly to terminate their employment. Our Board of Directors may change our investment and financing policies without stockholder approval, which could materially and adversely alter the nature of an investment in us. The methods of implementing our investment policies and strategy may vary as new real estate development trends emerge, new investment techniques are developed, and market conditions evolve. Our investment and financing policies are exclusively determined by our Board of Directors and senior management team. Accordingly, our stockholders do not control these policies. Further, our organizational documents do not limit the amount or percentage of indebtedness, funded or otherwise, that we may incur. Although we are not required to maintain a particular leverage ratio, we generally intend to maintain on a sustained basis a level of Net Debt that is generally less than 6.0x our Annualized Adjusted EBITDAre. However, from time to time, our ratio of Net Debt to our Annualized Adjusted EBITDAre may exceed 6.0x. Our Board of Directors may alter or eliminate our current policy on borrowing at any time without stockholder approval. If this policy changed, we could become more highly leveraged, which could result in an increase in our debt service costs and obligations. Higher leverage also increases the risk of default on our obligations. In addition, a change in our investment policies, including the manner in which we allocate our resources across our portfolio or the types of assets in which we seek to invest, may increase our exposure to interest rate risk, real estate market fluctuations, and liquidity risk. Changes to our policies with regard to the foregoing could materially and adversely affect us. Our rights and the rights of our stockholders to take action against our directors and officers are limited. Maryland law provides that a director of a Maryland corporation will not have any liability in that capacity if he or she performs his or her duties in accordance with the applicable standard of conduct. Our Charter limits the liability of our directors and officers to us and our stockholders for money damages to the maximum extent permitted by Maryland law. Therefore, our directors and officers are subject to monetary liability resulting only from: • actual receipt of an improper benefit or profit in money, property, or services; or • active and deliberate dishonesty by the director or officer that was established by a final judgment as being material to the cause of action adjudicated. As a result, we and our stockholders have rights against our directors and officers that are more limited than might otherwise exist. Accordingly, in the event that actions taken by any of our directors or officers impede the performance of our Company, your and our ability to recover damages from such director or officer will be limited. Our Charter and Second Amended and Restated Bylaws also require us to indemnify and advance expenses to our directors and our officers for losses they may incur by reason of their service in those capacities subject to any limitations under Maryland law or in our Charter. Moreover, we have entered into separate indemnification agreements with each of our directors and officers. As a result, we and our stockholders may have more limited rights against these persons than might otherwise exist under common law, which could reduce our stockholders’ and our recovery against such persons. In addition, we may be obligated to fund the defense costs incurred by these persons in some cases, which would reduce the cash available for distributions. We are a holding company with no direct operations and rely on funds received from the OP to pay liabilities. We are a holding company and conduct substantially all of our operations through the OP. We do not have, apart from an interest in the OP, any independent operations. As a result, we rely on distributions from the OP to pay any distributions we might declare on shares of our common stock. We will also rely on distributions from the OP to meet any of our obligations, including any tax liability on taxable income allocated to us from the OP. In addition, because we are a holding company, your claims as stockholders are structurally subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations (whether or not for borrowed money) of the OP and its subsidiaries. Therefore, in the event of our bankruptcy, liquidation, or reorganization, our assets and those of the OP and its subsidiaries will be able to satisfy the claims of our stockholders only after all of our and the OP and its subsidiaries’ liabilities and obligations have been paid in full. Our UPREIT structure may result in potential conflicts of interest between the interests of our stockholders and members in the OP, which may materially and adversely impede business decisions that could benefit our stockholders. Conflicts of interest could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and the OP or any future member thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to our Company under applicable Maryland law in connection with the management of our Company. At the same time, we, as the managing member of the OP, will have fiduciary duties and obligations to the OP and its members under New York law and the OP 34 Table of Contents Agreement in connection with the management of the OP. Our fiduciary duties and obligations, as the managing member of the OP, and its members may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to our Company. While we intend to avoid situations involving conflicts of interest, there may be situations in which the interests of the OP may conflict with our interests. Our activities specifically authorized by or described in the OP Agreement may be performed by us and will not, in any case or in the aggregate, be deemed a breach of the OP Agreement or any duty owed by us to the OP or any member. In exercising our authority under the OP Agreement, we may, but are under no obligation to, take into account the tax consequences of any action we take. Other than liabilities associated with tax protection agreements that we have entered into, we and the OP have no liability to a non-managing member under any circumstances as a result of an income tax liability incurred by such non-managing member as a result of an action (or inaction) by us pursuant to our authority under the OP Agreement. The OP Agreement provides that the managing member will not be liable to the OP, its members, or any other person bound by the OP Agreement for monetary damages for losses sustained, liabilities incurred, or benefits not derived by the OP or any member, except for liability for the member’s gross negligence or willful misconduct. Moreover, the OP Agreement provides that the OP is required to indemnify the managing member, its affiliates, and certain related persons, and any manager, officer, stockholder, director, member, employee, representative, or agent of the managing member or its affiliates from and against any and all claims that relate to the operations of the OP, except if (i) the act was committed in bad faith, (ii) the act was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty and was material to the cause of action involved, or (iii) it personally gained in fact a financial income or other advantage to which it was not entitled under law. U.S. Federal Income Tax Risks Failure to qualify as a REIT would materially and adversely affect us and the value of our common stock. We elected to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code and the applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, which contain the requirements for qualifying as a REIT, which we refer to in this Form 10-K as the “REIT Requirements,” beginning with our taxable year ended December 31, 2008. We believe that we have been organized and operated in a manner to qualify for taxation as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes commencing with such year, and we intend to continue operating in such a manner. However, we cannot assure you that we have qualified as a REIT, or that we will remain qualified as such in the future. If we lose our REIT status, we will face significant tax consequences that would substantially reduce our cash available for distribution to our stockholders for each of the years involved because: • we would not be allowed a deduction for distributions to stockholders in computing our taxable income, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax at the corporate rate, and we could be subject to increased state and local income taxes; • unless we are entitled to relief under applicable statutory provisions of the Code, we (and our successor) could not elect to be taxed as a REIT for four taxable years following the year during which qualification was lost; and • for the five years following re-election of REIT status, upon a taxable disposition of an asset owned as of such re-election, we would be subject to corporate level tax with respect to any built-in gain inherent in such asset at the time of re-election. Any such corporate tax liability could be substantial and would reduce our cash available for, among other things, our operations and distributions to stockholders. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we will not be required to make distributions to our stockholders. If this occurs, we may need to borrow funds or liquidate some of our properties in order to pay any applicable taxes. As a result of all these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT also could impair our ability to execute our investment strategy and raise capital, and could materially and adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. Even if we remain qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be subject to other tax liabilities that reduce our cash flow and our ability to make distributions to our stockholders. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, tax on income from some activities conducted as a result of a foreclosure, and state or local transfer taxes. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we distribute to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under the Code. Finally, we could, in certain circumstances, be required to pay an excise or penalty tax or interest charge (which could be significant in amount) in order to utilize one or more relief provisions under the Code to maintain our qualification as a REIT and to avoid the imposition of an entity-level tax. Any of these taxes or interest charges would decrease cash available for distribution to our stockholders. In addition, in order to meet the REIT Requirements, or to avert the imposition of a 100% 35 Table of Contents tax that applies to certain gains derived by a REIT from dealer property or inventory, we have held, and may continue to hold, some of our assets through a TRS that is subject to U.S. federal, state and local corporate taxes. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distribution to our stockholders. To satisfy the REIT distribution requirements, we may be forced to take certain actions to raise funds if we have insufficient cash flow which could materially and adversely affect us and the trading price of our common stock. To qualify as a REIT, we generally must distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our REIT taxable income each year, computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and our net capital gain, and we will be subject to corporate income tax on our undistributed taxable income to the extent that we distribute less than 100% of our REIT taxable income each year, computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and including our net capital gain. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which distributions paid by us in any calendar year are less than the sum of 85% of our ordinary income, 95% of our capital gain net income and 100% of our undistributed income from prior years. In order to satisfy these distribution requirements to maintain our REIT status and avoid the payment of income and excise taxes, we may need to take certain actions to raise funds if we have insufficient cash flow, such as borrowing funds, raising additional equity capital, selling a portion of our assets or finding another alternative to make distributions to our stockholders. We may be forced to take those actions even if the then-prevailing market conditions are not favorable for those actions. This situation could arise from, among other things, differences in timing between the actual receipt of cash and recognition of income for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or the effect of non-deductible capital expenditures or other non-deductible expenses, the creation of reserves, or required debt or amortization payments. Such actions could increase our costs and reduce the value of our common stock. These sources, however, may not be available on favorable terms or at all. Our access to third-party sources of capital depends on a number of factors, including the market’s perception of our growth potential, our current debt levels, the market price of our common stock, and our current and potential future earnings. We cannot assure you that we will have access to such capital on favorable terms at the desired times, or at all, which may cause us to curtail our investment activities and/or to dispose of assets at inopportune times, and could materially and adversely affect us and the trading price of our common stock. Further, we may be required to make distributions to stockholders at times when it would be more advantageous to reinvest cash in our business. Compliance with the REIT distribution requirements may hinder our ability to operate solely on the basis of maximizing profits. The IRS may treat sale-leaseback transactions as loans, which could jeopardize our REIT status or require us to make an unexpected distribution. We may purchase properties and lease them back to the sellers of such properties. The IRS may take the position that certain of these sale-leaseback transactions that we treat as leases are not “true leases” but are, instead, financing arrangements or loans for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a sale-leaseback transaction were so re-characterized, we might fail to satisfy the REIT asset tests, the income tests, or distribution requirements and consequently lose our REIT status effective with the year of re-characterization unless we elect to make an additional distribution to maintain our REIT status. The primary risk relates to the disallowance of deductions for depreciation and cost recovery relating to such property, which could affect the calculation of our REIT taxable income and could cause us to fail the REIT distribution requirement that requires a REIT to distribute at least 90% of its REIT taxable income, computed without regard to the dividends paid deduction and any net capital gain. In this circumstance, we may elect to distribute an additional dividend of the increased taxable income so as not to fail the REIT distribution test. This distribution would be paid to all stockholders at the time of declaration rather than the stockholders that held our shares in the taxable year affected by the re-characterization. The prohibited transactions tax may limit our ability to engage in sale transactions. A REIT’s net income from prohibited transactions is subject to a 100% penalty tax. In general, prohibited transactions are sales or other dispositions of property, other than foreclosure property, held primarily for sale to customers in the ordinary course of business. Although we do not intend to hold any properties that would be characterized as held for sale to customers in the ordinary course of our business, unless a sale or disposition qualifies under certain statutory safe harbors, such characterization is a factual determination and no guarantee can be given that the IRS would agree with our characterization of our properties or that we will always be able to make use of the available safe harbors. Complying with the REIT Requirements may limit our ability to hedge effectively and may cause us to incur tax liabilities. The REIT provisions of the Code substantially limit our ability to hedge our assets and liabilities. Any income from a hedging transaction that we enter into to manage the risk of interest rate changes with respect to borrowings made or to be made to acquire or carry real estate assets, or from certain terminations of such hedging positions, does not constitute 36 Table of Contents “gross income” for purposes of the 75% or 95% gross income tests that apply to REITs, provided that certain identification requirements are met. To the extent that we enter into other types of hedging transactions or fail to properly identify such transaction as a hedge, the income is likely to be treated as non-qualifying income for purposes of the 75% and 95% gross income tests. As a result of these rules, we may be required to limit our use of advantageous hedging techniques or implement those hedges through a TRS. This could increase the cost of our hedging activities because any TRS in which we own an interest may be subject to tax on gains or expose us to greater risks associated with changes in interest rates than we would otherwise want to bear. In addition, losses in any TRS in which we own an interest will generally not provide any tax benefit, except that such losses may be carried forward and may be deducted against 80% of future taxable income in the TRS. Complying with the REIT Requirements may force us to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments. To qualify as a REIT, we must continually satisfy tests concerning, among other things, the nature and diversification of our assets, the sources of our income, and the amounts we distribute to our stockholders. In connection with the Company’s internalization, we were treated as having acquired substantial amounts of goodwill that may not qualify for the 75% asset test. Compliance with these limitations, particularly given the goodwill that we acquired in the Company’s internalization, may hinder our ability to make, and, in certain cases, maintain ownership of certain attractive investments that might not qualify for the 75% asset test. If we fail to comply with the REIT asset test requirements at the end of any calendar quarter, we must correct the failure within 30 days after the end of the calendar quarter or qualify for certain statutory relief provisions to avoid losing our REIT qualification and suffering adverse tax consequences. As a result, we may be required to liquidate or forgo otherwise attractive investments in order to satisfy the asset and income tests or to qualify under certain statutory relief provisions. These actions could have the effect of reducing our income, increasing our income tax liability, and reducing amounts available for distribution to our stockholders. In addition, we may be required to make distributions to stockholders at disadvantageous times or when we do not have funds readily available for distribution, and may be unable to pursue investments (or, in some cases, forego the sale of such investments) that would be otherwise advantageous to us in order to satisfy the REIT Requirements. Accordingly, satisfying the REIT Requirements could materially and adversely affect us. Moreover, if we are compelled to liquidate our investments to meet any of these asset, income, or distribution tests, or to repay obligations to our lenders, we may be unable to comply with one or more of the REIT Requirements or may be subject to a 100% tax on any resulting gain if such sales constitute prohibited transactions. In certain circumstances, we may be liable for certain tax obligations of certain of the members of the OP. In certain circumstances, we may be liable for tax obligations of certain of the members of the OP. In connection with certain UPREIT transactions and the Company’s internalization, we have entered or may enter into tax protection agreements under which we have agreed to indemnify members of the OP against adverse tax consequences if we were to sell, convey, transfer, or otherwise dispose of our assets in taxable transactions, with specific exceptions and limitations. Pursuant to the tax protection agreements, we have also agreed to ensure that such members of the OP are allocated minimum amounts of the OP’s indebtedness. If we fail to meet our obligations under the tax protection agreements, we may be required to reimburse those members of the OP for the amount of the tax liabilities they incur, subject to certain limitations. We may enter into additional tax protection agreements in the future in connection with other UPREIT transactions. Although it may be in our stockholders’ best interest that we sell a property, it may be economically disadvantageous for us to do so because of these obligations. In order to limit our exposure to a tax obligation, our use of proceeds from any sales or dispositions of certain properties will be limited. In connection with acquisitions, we may inherit tax liabilities and attributes of other entities. From time to time, we or the OP may acquire other corporations or entities and, in connection with such acquisitions, we may succeed to the historical tax attributes and liabilities of such entities. For example, if we acquire appreciated assets from a non-REIT C corporation in a transaction in which the adjusted tax basis of the assets in its hands is determined by reference to the adjusted tax basis of the assets in the hands of the C corporation, we will be subject to entity-level tax on any gain recognized in connection with a disposition (such as a taxable sale) of any such assets during the 5-year period following such acquisition. In addition, in order to qualify as a REIT, we must not have, at the end of any taxable year, any earnings and profits accumulated in a non-REIT year. As a result, if we acquire a C corporation (including upon a liquidation of a TRS), we must distribute the corporation’s earnings and profits accumulated prior to the acquisition before the end of the taxable year in which we acquire the corporation. We also could be required to pay the acquired entity’s unpaid taxes even though such liabilities arose prior to the time we acquired the entity. Because each of Trident BRE Holdings I, Inc. and Trident BRE Holdings II, Inc. (the “Blocker Corps”) were taxable as a non-REIT C corporation and we acquired their appreciated assets in connection with the Company’s internalization in transactions (the “Blocker Corp Mergers”) in which the adjusted tax basis of the assets in our hands was determined by reference to the adjusted tax basis of the assets in the hands of each of the Blocker Corps prior to the Blocker Corp Mergers, we will be subject to corporate income tax on the “built-in gain” with respect to the Blocker Corps’ assets at the 37 Table of Contents time of the Blocker Corp Mergers if we dispose of those assets in a taxable transaction within five years following the Blocker Corp Mergers. This built-in gain is measured by the difference between the value of the Blocker Corps’ assets at the time of the Blocker Corp Mergers and the adjusted basis in those assets. We estimate this built-in gain to be approximately $56.4 million. The assets of the Blocker Corps we acquired in the Blocker Corp Mergers are the Blocker Corps’ interests in BRE. When BRE merged into the OP in a tax-deferred transaction and the Blocker Corps received OP Units, the built-in gain associated with the Blocker Corps’ assets became represented as part of an intangible asset on our balance sheet. The disposition of that intangible asset in a taxable transaction within five years following the Blocker Corp Mergers could trigger a corporate income tax on that built-in gain. The most likely transaction in which that intangible asset is disposed of would be a sale of the OP (or our interest in the OP) in a taxable transaction. Thus, if the OP (or our interest in the OP) is sold in a taxable transaction within five years following the Blocker Corp Mergers, we could incur a corporate income tax on approximately $56.4 million of built-in gain. In addition to the foregoing, as a result of the Blocker Corp Mergers, we inherited any liability with respect to unpaid taxes of each of the Blocker Corps for any periods prior to the Blocker Corp Mergers. Changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws could have a material and adverse effect on us. The IRS, the United States Treasury Department and Congress frequently review U.S. federal income tax legislation, regulations, and other guidance. We cannot predict whether, when or to what extent new U.S. federal tax laws, regulations, interpretations or rulings will be adopted. Any legislative action may prospectively or retroactively modify our tax treatment and, therefore, may adversely affect our taxation or our stockholders. We urge you to consult with your tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our stock. Although REITs generally receive certain tax advantages compared to entities taxed as “C” corporations, it is possible that future legislation would result in a REIT having fewer tax advantages, and it could become more advantageous for a company that invests in real estate to elect to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a “C” corporation. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock The market price and trading volume of shares of our common stock may be volatile and could be substantially affected by various factors. The market price of shares of our common stock may fluctuate. In addition, the trading volume in shares of our common stock may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. Historically, these changes frequently appear to occur without regard to the operating performance of the affected companies. Hence, the price of our common stock could fluctuate based upon factors that have little or nothing to do with us in particular. If the market price of shares of our common stock declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares of our common stock at or above the public offering price. We cannot assure you that the market price of shares of our common stock will not fluctuate or decline significantly, including a decline below the public offering price, in the future. Some of the factors that could negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in the market price or trading volume of shares of our common stock include: • actual or anticipated declines in our quarterly operating results or distributions; • actual or anticipated tenant defaults, bankruptcies, or vacancies, or speculation in the press or investment community about actual or anticipated tenant defaults, bankruptcies, or vacancies; • changes in government regulations; • changes in laws affecting REITs and related tax matters; • the announcement of new transactions by us or our competitors; • reductions in our FFO, Core FFO, AFFO, or earnings estimates; • publication of research reports about us or the real estate industry; • increases in market interest rates that lead purchasers of shares of our common stock to demand a higher yield; • future equity issuances, or the perception that they may occur, including issuances of common stock upon exercise or vesting of equity awards or redemption of OP Units; • changes in market valuations of similar companies; • adverse market reaction to any increased indebtedness we incur in the future; • additions or departures of key management personnel; 38 Table of Contents • actions by institutional stockholders; • differences between our actual financial and operating results and those expected by investors and analysts; • changes in analysts’ recommendations or projections; • speculation in the press or investment community; and • the realization of any of the other

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components for its real estate leases is significant, we assess: (i) whether separating the land component impacts the classification of any lease component, (ii) the value of the land component in the context of the overall contract, and (iii) whether the right to use the land is coterminous with the rights to use the other assets. Derivative Instruments and Hedging Management uses interest rate swap agreements to manage risks related to interest rate movements. Management documents its risk management strategy and hedge effectiveness at the inception of, and during the term of, each hedge. Our interest rate risk management strategy is intended to stabilize cash flow requirements by maintaining interest rate swap agreements to convert certain variable-rate debt to a fixed rate. The interest rate swap agreements, designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges, are reported at fair value. Interest rate swaps are measured at fair value using inputs that are directly observable in active markets and are classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, using an income approach. Specifically, the fair value of the interest rate swaps is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected future cash flows of each instrument. This analysis utilizes observable market data including yield curves and implied volatilities to determine the market’s expectation of the future cash flows of the variable component. The fixed and variable components of the interest rate swaps are then discounted using calculated discount factors developed based on the overnight indexed swap (“OIS”) curve and are aggregated to arrive at a single valuation for the period. The Company also incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty’s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its interest rate swaps fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its interest rate swaps utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation. As a result, the Company has determined that its interest rate swap valuations in their entirety are appropriately classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. When an existing cash flow hedge is terminated, we determine the accounting treatment for the accumulated gain or loss recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income, based on the probability of the hedged forecasted transaction occurring within the period the cash flow hedge was anticipated to affect earnings. If management determines that the hedged forecasted transaction is probable of occurring during the original period, the accumulated gain or loss is reclassified into earnings over the remaining life of the cash flow hedge using a straight-line method. If management determines that the hedged forecasted transaction is not probable of occurring during the original period, the entire amount of accumulated gain or loss is reclassified into earnings at such time. Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements For information on the impact of recent accounting pronouncements on our business, see the captions Recently Adopted Accounting Standards and Other Recently Issued Accounting Standards in Note 2, “Summary of Significant Accounting Policies” of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 65 Table of Contents Item 7A.     Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Interest Rate Risk We are exposed to certain market risks, one of the most predominant of which is a change in interest rates. Increases in interest rates can result in increased interest expense under our Revolving Credit Facility and other variable-rate debt. Increases in interest rates can also result in increased interest expense when our fixed rate debt and interest rate swaps mature. We attempt to manage interest rate risk by entering into long-term fixed rate debt, entering into interest rate swaps to convert certain variable-rate debt to a fixed rate, and staggering our debt maturities. We have designated the interest rate swaps as cash flow hedges for accounting purposes and they are reported at fair value. We have not entered, and do not intend to enter, into derivative or interest rate transactions for speculative purposes. Further information concerning our interest rate swaps can be found in Note 9 in our Consolidated Financial Statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our fixed-rate debt includes our senior unsecured notes, mortgages, and variable-rate debt converted to a fixed rate with the use of interest rate swaps. Our fixed-rate debt had a carrying value and fair value of approximately $2.2 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively, as of December 31, 2025. Changes in market interest rates impact the fair value of our fixed-rate debt and interest rate swaps, but they have no impact on interest incurred or on cash flows. For instance, if interest rates were to increase and the fixed-rate debt balance were to remain constant, we would expect the fair value of our debt to decrease, similar to how the price of a bond decreases as interest rates rise. A 1% increase in market interest rates would have resulted in a decrease in the fair value of our fixed-rate debt as of approximately $49.6 million as of December 31, 2025. Borrowings pursuant to our Revolving Credit Facility and other variable-rate debt bear interest at rates based on the applicable reference rate plus an applicable margin, and totaled $1.3 billion as of December 31, 2025, of which $943.0 million was swapped to a fixed rate by our use of interest rate swaps. Taking into account the effect of our interest rate swaps, a 1% increase or decrease in interest rates would have a corresponding $3.2 million increase or decrease in interest expense annually. With the exception of our interest rate swap transactions, we have not engaged in transactions in derivative financial instruments or derivative commodity instruments. Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Risk We own investments in Canada, and as a result are subject to risk from the effects of exchange rate movements in the Canadian dollar, which may affect future costs and cash flows. We funded a significant portion of our Canadian investments through Canadian dollar borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility, which is intended to act as a natural hedge against our Canadian dollar investments. The Canadian dollar Revolving Credit Facility borrowings are remeasured each reporting period, with the unrealized foreign currency gains and losses flowing through earnings. A 10% increase or decrease in the exchange rate between the Canadian dollar and USD would have a corresponding $7.0 million increase or decrease in unrealized foreign currency gain or loss. These unrealized foreign currency gains and losses do not impact our cash flows from operations until settled, and are expected to directly offset the changes in the value of our net investments as a result of changes in the Canadian dollar. Our Canadian investments are recorded at their historical exchange rates, and therefore are not impacted by changes in the value of the Canadian dollar. 66 Table of Contents Item 8.     Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Contents Report of Independent Registered Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 34 ) 68 Consolidated Balance Sheets 70 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income 71 Consolidated Statements of Equity 72 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 73 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 74 Schedule III – Real Estate Assets and Accumulated Depreciation 104 67 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes and the schedule (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated February 19, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Evaluation of long-lived asset impairment — Refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements Critical Audit Matter Description The Company’s evaluation of long-lived assets to be held and used for possible impairment involves an initial assessment to determine whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If, and when, such events or changes in circumstances are present, an impairment exists to the extent the carrying value of the long-lived asset or asset group exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the long-lived asset and its eventual disposition. An impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group exceeds its estimated fair value. Significant judgment is made to determine if and when impairment should be taken. We identified the expected holding period used in determining the recoverability of long-lived assets as a critical audit matter because of the subjective judgments made by management to determine the holding period for long-lived assets as part of their impairment analysis. This required a higher degree of auditor judgment and an increased extent of effort when performing audit procedures to evaluate the reasonableness of management’s assumptions, given the inherent unpredictability involved in the timing of sales of long-lived assets. 68 Table of Contents How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our audit procedures related to the assessment of the Company’s expected holding periods included the following, among others: • We obtained an understanding and tested the design and operating effectiveness of the Company’s controls to monitor long-lived assets for events or changes in circumstances that indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable due to a change in the expected holding period. • We held discussions with the Company’s management and evaluated the reasonableness of management’s assertions regarding the expected holding period of its long-lived assets, more specifically by performing the following: • Engaged in discussions with senior management, including legal and asset management, and inspected Board of Director meeting minutes regarding the assumptions utilized in determining the expected holding periods. • Evaluated audit evidence (e.g. hindsight analysis, disposal status report) to determine whether it supported or contradicted the conclusions reached by management. /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP Rochester, New York February 19, 2026 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2016. 69 Table of Contents Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except per share amounts) December 31, 2025 2024 Assets Accounted for using the operating method: Land $ 781,117 $ 778,826 Land improvements 373,405 357,142 Buildings and improvements 4,118,578 3,815,521 Equipment 15,281 15,843 Total accounted for using the operating method 5,288,381 4,967,332 Less accumulated depreciation ( 772,589 ) ( 672,478 ) Accounted for using the operating method, net 4,515,792 4,294,854 Accounted for using the direct financing method 25,497 26,154 Accounted for using the sales-type method 14,405 571 Property under development 265,812 18,784 Investment in rental property, net 4,821,506 4,340,363 Cash and cash equivalents 30,540 14,845 Accrued rental income 178,880 162,717 Tenant and other receivables, net 4,404 3,281 Prepaid expenses and other assets 55,910 41,584 Interest rate swap, assets 18,248 46,220 Goodwill 339,769 339,769 Intangible lease assets, net 268,010 267,638 Total assets $ 5,717,267 $ 5,216,417 Liabilities and equity Unsecured revolving credit facility $ 266,036 $ 93,014 Mortgages, net 56,689 76,846 Unsecured term loans, net 994,219 897,201 Senior unsecured notes, net 1,190,738 846,064 Interest rate swap, liabilities 1,501 — Accounts payable and other liabilities 60,081 48,983 Dividends payable 59,513 58,317 Accrued interest payable 13,502 5,837 Intangible lease liabilities, net 41,527 48,731 Total liabilities 2,683,806 2,074,993 Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) Equity Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. equity: Preferred stock, $ 0.001 par value; 20,000 shares authorized, no shares issued or outstanding — — Common stock, $ 0.00025 par value; 500,000 shares authorized, 191,423 and 188,626 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively 48 47 Additional paid-in capital 3,502,380 3,450,584 Cumulative distributions in excess of retained earnings ( 620,221 ) ( 496,543 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income 19,788 49,657 Total Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. equity 2,901,995 3,003,745 Non-controlling interests 131,466 137,679 Total equity 3,033,461 3,141,424 Total liabilities and equity $ 5,717,267 $ 5,216,417 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 70 Table of Contents Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (in thousands, except per share amounts) For the Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Revenues Lease revenues, net $ 454,138 $ 431,800 $ 442,888 Operating expenses Depreciation and amortization 164,086 156,179 158,626 Property and operating expense 22,971 24,741 22,576 General and administrative 38,883 37,986 39,425 Provision for impairment of investment in rental properties 39,734 49,001 31,274 Total operating expenses 265,674 267,907 251,901 Other income (expenses) Interest income 389 994 512 Interest expense ( 94,467 ) ( 74,077 ) ( 80,053 ) Gain on sale of real estate 12,601 73,153 54,310 Income taxes ( 1,154 ) ( 1,175 ) ( 763 ) Other (expenses) income ( 6,417 ) 6,201 ( 1,681 ) Net income 99,416 168,989 163,312 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests ( 2,921 ) ( 6,548 ) ( 7,834 ) Net income attributable to Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. $ 96,495 $ 162,441 $ 155,478 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Basic 188,123 187,454 186,617 Diluted 197,573 196,619 196,315 Net earnings per share attributable to common stockholders Basic $ 0.51 $ 0.86 $ 0.83 Diluted $ 0.50 $ 0.86 $ 0.83 Comprehensive income Net income $ 99,416 $ 168,989 $ 163,312 Other comprehensive income Change in fair value of interest rate swaps ( 36,185 ) 124 ( 17,293 ) Realized loss on interest rate swaps 6,091 209 1,883 Comprehensive income 69,322 169,322 147,902 Comprehensive income attributable to non-controlling interests ( 1,635 ) ( 6,552 ) ( 7,070 ) Comprehensive income attributable to Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. $ 67,687 $ 162,770 $ 140,832 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 71 Table of Contents Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Equity (in thousands, except per share amounts) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Non- controlling Interests Total Equity Balance, January 1, 2023 $ 47 $ 3,419,395 $ ( 386,049 ) $ 59,525 $ 169,587 $ 3,262,505 Net income — — 155,478 — 7,834 163,312 Issuance of 312 shares of common stock under equity incentive plan — — — — — — Offering costs, discounts, and commissions — ( 237 ) — — — ( 237 ) Stock-based compensation, net of 23 shares of restricted stock forfeited — 6,359 — — — 6,359 Retirement of 66 shares of common stock under equity incentive plan — ( 1,175 ) — — — ( 1,175 ) Conversion of 1,277 OP Units to 1,277 shares of common stock — 21,235 — — ( 21,235 ) — Distributions declared ($ 1.120 per share and OP Unit) — — ( 210,160 ) — ( 10,853 ) ( 221,013 ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements — — — ( 16,439 ) ( 854 ) ( 17,293 ) Realized loss on interest rate swap agreements — — — 1,793 90 1,883 Adjustment to non-controlling interests — ( 4,938 ) — 4,407 531 — Balance, December 31, 2023 47 3,440,639 ( 440,731 ) 49,286 145,100 3,194,341 Net income — — 162,441 — 6,548 168,989 Issuance of 893 shares of common stock under equity incentive plan — 116 — — — 116 Offering costs, discounts, and commissions — ( 782 ) — — — ( 782 ) Contributions from non-controlling interests — — — — 1,000 1,000 Stock-based compensation, net of 92 shares of restricted stock forfeited — 7,355 — — — 7,355 Retirement of 71 shares of common stock under equity incentive plan — ( 1,040 ) — — — ( 1,040 ) Conversion of 282 OP Units to 282 shares of common stock — 4,544 — — ( 4,544 ) — Distributions declared ($ 1.155 per share and OP Unit) — — ( 218,253 ) — ( 10,635 ) ( 228,888 ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements — — — 129 ( 5 ) 124 Realized loss on interest rate swap agreements — — — 200 9 209 Adjustment to non-controlling interests — ( 248 ) — 42 206 — Balance, December 31, 2024 47 3,450,584 ( 496,543 ) 49,657 137,679 3,141,424 Net income — — 96,495 — 2,921 99,416 Issuance of 2,542 shares of common stock 1 38,904 — — — 38,905 Offering costs, discounts, and commissions — ( 960 ) — — — ( 960 ) Contributions from non-controlling interests — — — — 6,754 6,754 Stock-based compensation, net of nine shares of restricted stock forfeited — 9,597 — — — 9,597 Retirement of 86 shares of common stock under equity incentive plan — ( 1,446 ) — — — ( 1,446 ) Conversion of 350 OP Units to 350 shares of common stock — 5,514 — — ( 5,514 ) — Distributions declared ($ 1.160 per share and OP Unit) — — ( 220,173 ) — ( 9,962 ) ( 230,135 ) Change in fair value of interest rate swap agreements — — — ( 34,641 ) ( 1,544 ) ( 36,185 ) Realized loss on interest rate swap agreements — — — 5,833 258 6,091 Adjustment to non-controlling interests — 187 — ( 1,061 ) 874 — Balance, December 31, 2025 $ 48 $ 3,502,380 $ ( 620,221 ) $ 19,788 $ 131,466 $ 3,033,461 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 72 Table of Contents Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) For the Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income $ 99,416 $ 168,989 $ 163,312 Adjustments to reconcile net income including non-controlling interests to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization including intangibles associated with investment in rental property 159,616 151,765 152,781 Provision for impairment of investment in rental properties 39,734 49,001 31,274 Amortization of debt issuance costs and original issuance discounts charged to interest expense 5,488 3,932 3,860 Stock-based compensation expense 9,597 7,355 6,359 Settlement of interest rate swaps ( 6,712 ) — — Straight-line rent, direct financing and sales-type lease adjustments ( 17,502 ) ( 18,975 ) ( 22,278 ) Gain on sale of real estate ( 12,601 ) ( 73,153 ) ( 54,310 ) Other non-cash items 8,991 ( 10,629 ) ( 757 ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Tenant and other receivables ( 1,122 ) ( 1,742 ) 780 Prepaid expenses and other assets 2,456 480 ( 352 ) Accounts payable and other liabilities 4,470 ( 905 ) ( 8,226 ) Accrued interest payable 7,665 135 ( 1,369 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 299,496 276,253 271,074 Investing activities Acquisition of rental property ( 434,194 ) ( 288,577 ) ( 27,738 ) Investment in property under development including capitalized interest of $ 5,271 , $ 3,871 , and $ 1,469 in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively ( 303,731 ) ( 108,481 ) ( 96,756 ) Capital expenditures and improvements ( 29,706 ) ( 16,795 ) ( 46,252 ) Proceeds from disposition of rental property, net 93,550 354,350 194,959 Change in deposits on investments in rental property ( 1,192 ) ( 200 ) 125 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ( 675,273 ) ( 59,703 ) 24,338 Financing activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net of $ 870 , $ 996 , and $ 180 of offering costs, discounts, and commissions in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively 37,930 ( 996 ) ( 180 ) Contributions from non-controlling interests 4,381 1,000 — Borrowings on senior unsecured notes and unsecured term loans 844,841 — — Principal payments on mortgages and unsecured term loans ( 420,195 ) ( 2,260 ) ( 7,503 ) Borrowings on unsecured revolving credit facility 803,300 256,500 215,500 Repayments on unsecured revolving credit facility ( 633,800 ) ( 248,000 ) ( 324,000 ) Cash distributions paid to stockholders ( 218,775 ) ( 216,760 ) ( 207,522 ) Cash distributions paid to non-controlling interests ( 10,064 ) ( 10,673 ) ( 11,115 ) Debt issuance costs paid ( 14,192 ) — — Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 393,426 ( 221,189 ) ( 334,820 ) Net  increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 17,649 ( 4,639 ) ( 39,408 ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 15,993 20,632 60,040 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 33,642 $ 15,993 $ 20,632 Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period $ 14,845 $ 19,494 $ 21,789 Restricted cash at beginning of period 1,148 1,138 38,251 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period $ 15,993 $ 20,632 $ 60,040 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $ 30,540 $ 14,845 $ 19,494 Restricted cash at end of period 3,102 1,148 1,138 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period $ 33,642 $ 15,993 $ 20,632 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 73 Table of Contents Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 1. Business Description Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. (the “Corporation”) is a Maryland corporation formed on October 18, 2007, that elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (“REIT”) commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2008. Broadstone Net Lease, LLC (the Corporation’s operating company, or the “OP”), is the entity through which the Corporation conducts its business and owns (either directly or through subsidiaries) all of the Corporation’s properties. The Corporation is the sole managing member of the OP. The membership units not owned by the Corporation are referred to as OP Units and are recorded as non-controlling interests in the Consolidated Financial Statements. As the Corporation conducts substantially all of its operations through the OP, it is structured as an umbrella partnership real estate investment trust (“UPREIT”). The Corporation’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “BNL”. The Corporation, the OP, and its consolidated subsidiaries are collectively referred to as the “Company”. The Company is an industrial-focused, diversified net lease REIT that focuses on investing in income-producing, single-tenant net leased commercial properties, primarily in the United States. The Company leases primarily industrial and retail commercial properties under long-term lease agreements. At December 31, 2025, the Company owned a diversified portfolio of 771 individual commercial properties with 764 properties located in 44 U.S. states and seven properties located in four Canadian provinces. The following table summarizes the outstanding equity and economic ownership interest of the Company: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Shares of Common Stock OP Units Total Diluted Shares Shares of Common Stock OP Units Total Diluted Shares Shares of Common Stock OP Units Total Diluted Shares Ownership interest 191,423 8,296 199,719 188,626 8,646 197,272 187,614 8,928 196,542 Percent ownership of OP 95.8 % 4.2 % 100.0 % 95.6 % 4.4 % 100.0 % 95.5 % 4.5 % 100.0 % Refer to Note 14 for further discussion regarding the calculation of weighted average shares outstanding. 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Accounting The Consolidated Financial Statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States (“GAAP”). Principles of Consolidation The Consolidated Financial Statements include the accounts and operations of the Company. All intercompany balances and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. When the Company obtains an economic interest in an entity, the entity is evaluated to determine if it should be deemed a variable interest entity (“VIE”) and, if so, whether the Company is the primary beneficiary and is therefore required to consolidate the entity. The accounting guidance for consolidation of VIEs is applied to certain entities in which the equity investors do not have the characteristics of a controlling financial interest or do not have sufficient equity at risk for the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties. Certain decision-making rights within a loan or joint-venture agreement may cause us to consider an entity a VIE. The contractual arrangements in a partnership agreement or other related contracts are reviewed to determine whether the entity is a VIE, and if the Company has variable interests in the VIE. The Company’s variable interests are then compared to those of the other variable interest holders to determine which party is the primary beneficiary of the VIE. A primary beneficiary: (i) has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and (ii) has the obligation to absorb losses or the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the VIE. The Company reassesses the initial evaluation of whether an entity is a VIE when certain events occur and reassesses the primary beneficiary determination of a VIE on an ongoing basis based on current facts and circumstances. To the extent the Company has a variable interest in entities that are not evaluated under the VIE model, the Company evaluates its interests using the voting interest entity model. The Corporation has complete responsibility for the day-to-day management of, authority to make decisions for, and control of the OP. Based on consolidation guidance, the Corporation has concluded that the OP is a VIE as the members in 74 Table of Contents the OP do not possess kick-out rights or substantive participating rights. Accordingly, the Corporation consolidates its interest in the OP. However, because the Corporation holds the majority voting interest in the OP and certain other conditions are met, it qualifies for the exemption from providing certain disclosure requirements associated with investments in VIEs.  The portions of a consolidated entity not owned by the Company are presented as non-controlling interests as of and during the periods presented. From time to time, the Company acquires properties using a reverse like-kind exchange structure pursuant to Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code (a “reverse 1031 exchange”) and, as such, the properties are in the possession of an Exchange Accommodation Titleholder (“EAT”) until the reverse 1031 exchange is completed. EATs are classified as VIEs as they are “thinly capitalized” entities. The Company consolidates the EAT because it is the primary beneficiary as it has the ability to control the activities that most significantly impact the EAT’s economic performance and can collapse the reverse 1031 exchange structure at its discretion. The assets of the EAT primarily consist of leased property (net real estate investment in rental property and lease intangibles). The Company invests in various entities in exchange for ownership interests.  Each of these investments is a VIE in which the Company is considered the primary beneficiary as it: (i) has the power to direct the activities that significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE, and (ii) has the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive benefits of the VIE.  As a result, the Company consolidates these VIEs.  At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had six and one consolidated VIEs, respectively. The following table presents a summary of selected financial data of the consolidated VIEs included in the Consolidated Balance Sheets: December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Assets Accounted for using the operating method: Land $ 7,644 $ 7,644 Land improvements 2,707 2,578 Buildings and improvements 40,664 39,899 Total accounted for using the operating method 51,015 50,121 Less accumulated depreciation ( 2,131 ) ( 821 ) Accounted for using the operating method, net 48,884 49,300 Property under development 114,094 — Investment in rental property, net 162,978 49,300 Intangible lease assets, net 2,097 3,243 Other assets 17,825 3,248 Total assets $ 182,900 $ 55,791 Liabilities Intangible lease liabilities, net 425 512 Other liabilities 1,925 467 Total liabilities $ 2,350 $ 979 Use of Estimates The preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make certain estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the Consolidated Financial Statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Accordingly, actual results may differ from those estimates. Investment in Rental Property Rental property accounted for under operating leases is recorded at cost. Rental property accounted for under direct financing leases and sales-type leases are recorded at its net investment, which generally represents the cost of the property at the inception of the lease. 75 Table of Contents The Company accounts for its acquisitions of real estate as asset acquisitions in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 805, Business Combinations , as substantially all of the fair value of the assets acquired are concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The Company allocates the purchase price of investments in rental property accounted for as asset acquisitions based on the relative fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. These generally include tangible assets, consisting of land and land improvements, buildings and other improvements, and equipment, and identifiable intangible assets and liabilities, including the value of in-place leases and acquired above-market and below-market leases. Acquisition costs incurred in connection with investments in real estate accounted for as asset acquisitions are capitalized and included with the allocated purchase price. The results of operations of acquired properties are included in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income from the respective date of acquisition. Estimated fair value determinations are based on management’s judgment, which considers various factors including real estate market conditions, industry conditions that the tenant operates in, and characteristics of the real estate and/or real estate appraisals. The estimated fair value of the tangible assets of an acquired property is determined by valuing the property as if it were vacant. The as-if-vacant value is then allocated to land and land improvements, buildings, and equipment based on comparable sales and other relevant information with respect to the property as estimated by management. Specifically, the “if vacant” value of buildings and equipment is calculated using an income approach. Assumptions used in the income approach to value the buildings include: capitalization and discount rates, lease-up time, market rents, make ready costs, land value, and land improvement value. The estimated fair value of acquired in-place leases are the costs that the Company would have had to incur to lease the properties to the occupancy level of the properties at the date of acquisition. Such costs include the fair value of leasing commissions and other operating costs that would have been incurred to lease the properties, had they been vacant, to their acquired occupancy level. Acquired in-place leases as of the date of acquisition are amortized over the remaining non-cancellable lease terms of the respective leases to amortization expense. Acquired above-market and below-market lease values are recorded based on the present value (using an interest rate that reflects the risks associated with the lease acquired) of the differences between the contractual amounts to be paid pursuant to the in-place leases and management’s estimate of fair market value lease rates at the time of acquisition. The capitalized above-market and below-market lease values are amortized as adjustments to lease revenue over the remaining term of the respective leases. Should a tenant terminate the lease, the unamortized portion of the in-place lease value is charged to amortization expense and the unamortized portion of above-market or below-market lease value is charged to lease revenue. Management estimates the fair value of assumed mortgages payable based upon indications of then-current market pricing for similar types of debt with similar maturities. Assumed mortgages are initially recorded at their estimated fair value as of the assumption date, and the difference between such estimated fair value and the notes’ outstanding principal balance is amortized to interest expense over the remaining term of the debt. Expenditures for significant betterments and improvements are capitalized. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense when incurred. Investment in Property Under Development Land acquired for development and construction and improvement costs incurred in connection with the development of new properties are capitalized and recorded as Property under development in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets until construction has been completed. Such capitalized costs include all direct and indirect costs related to planning, development, and construction, including interest, real estate taxes, and other miscellaneous costs incurred during the construction period. Once substantially complete, the property under development is placed in service and depreciation commences. The following tables summarize the Company’s investments in property under development: December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Development, construction and improvement costs $ 261,541 $ 18,725 Capitalized interest 4,271 59 Property under development $ 265,812 $ 18,784 76 Table of Contents For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Investment in properties under development, excluding capitalized costs $ 294,649 $ 104,624 Capital expenditures funded after substantial completion 18,114 10,840 Long-lived Asset Impairment The Company reviews long-lived assets to be held and used for possible impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that their carrying amounts may not be recoverable. If, and when, such events or changes in circumstances are present, an impairment exists to the extent the carrying value of the long-lived asset or asset group exceeds the sum of the undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the long-lived asset or asset group and its eventual disposition. Such cash flows include expected future operating income, as adjusted for trends and prospects, as well as the effects of demand, competition, and other factors. An impairment loss is measured as the amount by which the carrying amount of the long-lived asset or asset group exceeds its fair value. Significant judgment is made to determine if and when impairment should be taken. The Company’s assessment of impairment as of December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, was based on the most current information available to the Company. Certain of the Company’s properties may have fair values less than their carrying amounts. However, based on the Company’s plans with respect to each of those properties, the Company believes that their carrying amounts are recoverable and therefore, no impairment charges were recognized other than those described below. If the operating conditions mentioned above deteriorate or if the Company’s expected holding period for assets changes, subsequent tests for impairment could result in additional impairment charges in the future. Inputs used in establishing fair value for impaired real estate assets generally fall within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy, which are characterized as requiring significant judgment as little or no current market activity may be available for validation. The main indicator used to establish the classification of the inputs is current market conditions, as derived through the use of published commercial real estate market information and information obtained from brokers and other third party sources. The Company determines the valuation of impaired assets using generally accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis, income capitalization, analysis of recent comparable sales transactions, actual sales negotiations, and bona fide purchase offers received from third parties. Management may consider a single valuation technique or multiple valuation techniques, as appropriate, when estimating the fair value of its real estate. The following table summarizes the Company’s impairment charges, resulting primarily from changes in the Company’s long-term hold strategy with respect to the individual properties: For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except number of properties) 2025 2024 2023 Number of properties 19 18 4 Impairment charge $ 39,734 $ 49,001 $ 31,274 During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recognized impairment of $ 39.7 million, resulting from changes in the Company’s long-term hold strategy with respect to the individual properties. The impairments were based on actual and expected sales prices of individual properties and includes a $ 14.6 million impairment charge on two healthcare properties. The remaining impairments recognized during the year ended December 31, 2025 were not material. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recognized impairment of $ 49.0 million, resulting from changes in the Company’s long-term hold strategy with respect to the individual properties. The 2024 impairments primarily relate to the Company’s decision to sell clinically-oriented healthcare properties and include $ 41.7 million on 16 clinical healthcare properties, which were based on actual or estimated sales prices of the individual properties. Of these properties, 11 were sold as part of a portfolio with a gain of $ 59.1 million, excluding any impairment. The remaining impairments recognized during the year ended December 31, 2024 were not material. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company recognized an impairment charge of $ 26.4 million on a healthcare property due to changes in the tenant’s ability to perform under the lease agreement, leading to a change in management’s long-term hold strategy and desire to sell in the near term. The fair value measurement was determined using a range of significant unobservable inputs, including a third-party appraisal, broker market information, and recent comparable vacant sales transactions. The remaining impairments recognized during the year ended December 31, 2023 were not material. 77 Table of Contents Investments in Rental Property Held for Sale The Company classifies investments in rental property as held for sale when all of the following criteria are met: (i) management commits to a plan to sell the property, (ii) the property is available for immediate sale in its present condition, subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of investment properties, (iii) an active program to locate a buyer and conduct other actions required to complete the sale has been initiated, (iv) the sale of the property is probable in occurrence and is expected to qualify as a completed sale, (v) the property is actively marketed for sale at a sale price that is reasonable in relation to its fair value, and (vi) actions required to complete the sale indicate that it is unlikely that any significant changes will be made or that the plan to sell will be withdrawn. For properties classified as held for sale, the Company suspends depreciation and amortization of the related assets and liabilities, including the acquired in-place lease and above- or below-market lease intangibles, as well as straight-line revenue recognition of the associated lease, and records the investment in rental property at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The assets and liabilities associated with the properties classified as held for sale are presented separately in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for the most recent reporting period. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company did not have any properties that met the held for sale criteria. Sales of Real Estate Under ASC 610-20, Other Income – Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Nonfinancial Assets, the Company’s sales of real estate are generally considered to be sales to non-customers, requiring the Company to identify each distinct non-financial asset promised to the buyer. The Company determines whether the buyer obtains control of the non-financial assets, achieved through the transfer of the risks and rewards of ownership of the non-financial assets. If control is transferred to the buyer, the Company derecognizes the asset. If the Company determines that it did not transfer control of the non-financial assets to the buyer, the Company analyzes the contract for separate performance obligations and allocates a portion of the sales price to each performance obligation. As performance obligations are satisfied, the Company recognizes the respective income in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. The Company presents discontinued operations if disposals of properties represent a strategic shift in operations. Those strategic shifts would need to have a major effect on the Company’s operations and financial results in order to meet the definition. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company did not have property dispositions that qualified as discontinued operations. Depreciation Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets, which are as follows: Land improvements 15 years Buildings and improvements 15 to 39 years Equipment 7 years Leasing Fees Leasing fees represent costs incurred to lease properties to tenants and are capitalized as they are incremental costs of a lease that would not have been incurred if the lease had not been obtained. Leasing fees are amortized using the straight-line method over the term of the lease to which they relate, which range from 3 to 25 years. Cash Equivalents Cash equivalents consist of highly liquid investments with an original maturity at date of acquisition of three months or less, including money market funds. The Company estimates that the fair value of cash equivalents approximates the carrying value due to the relatively short maturity of these instruments. Restricted Cash Restricted cash generally includes escrow funds the Company maintains pursuant to the terms of certain mortgages, lease agreements, and undistributed proceeds from the sale of properties under Section 1031 of the Internal Revenue Code of 78 Table of Contents 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and is reported within Prepaid expenses and other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Restricted cash consisted of the following: December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Escrow funds and other $ 3,102 $ 1,148 Revenue Recognition The Company accounts for leases in accordance with ASC 842, Leases (“ASC 842”). The Company commences revenue recognition on its leases based on a number of factors, including the initial determination that the contract is or contains a lease. Generally, all of the Company’s property related contracts are or contain leases, and therefore revenue is recognized when the lessee takes possession of or controls the physical use of the leased assets. In most instances this occurs on the lease commencement date or the substantial completion date for development properties. At the time of lease assumption or at the inception of a new lease, including new leases that arise from amendments, the Company assesses the terms and conditions of the lease to determine the proper lease classification. Certain of the Company’s leases require tenants to pay rent based upon a percentage of the property’s net sales (“percentage rent”) or contain rent escalators indexed to future changes in the Consumer Price Index (“CPI”). Lease income associated with such provisions, absent the existence of a floor, are considered variable lease income and are not included in the initial measurement of the lease receivable, or in the calculation of straight-line rent revenue. Such amounts are recognized as income when the amounts are determinable. A lease is classified as an operating lease if none of the following criteria are met: (i) ownership transfers to the lessee at the end of the lease term, (ii) the lessee has a purchase option that is reasonably expected to be exercised, (iii) the lease term is for a major part of the economic life of the leased property, (iv) the present value of the future lease payments and any residual value guaranteed by the lessee that is not already reflected in the lease payments equals or exceeds substantially all of the fair value of the leased property, and (v) the leased property is of such a specialized nature that it is expected to have no future alternative use to the Company at the end of the lease term. If one or more of these criteria are met, the lease will generally be classified as a sales-type lease, unless the lease contains a residual value guarantee from a third party other than the lessee, in which case it would be classified as a direct financing lease under certain circumstances. Prior to the adoption of ASC 842, a lease that was not an operating lease would be accounted for as a direct financing lease. The Company accounts for the right to use land as a separate lease component, unless the accounting effect of doing so would be insignificant. Determination of significance requires management judgment. In determining whether the accounting effect of separately reporting the land component from other components for its real estate leases is significant, the Company assesses: (i) whether separating the land component impacts the classification of any lease component, (ii) the value of the land component in the context of the overall contract, and (iii) whether the right to use the land is coterminous with the rights to use the other assets. Revenue recognition methods for operating leases, direct financing leases, and sales-type leases are described below: Rental property accounted for under operating leases – Revenue is recognized as rents are earned on a straight-line basis over the non-cancelable terms of the related leases. For leases that have fixed and measurable rent escalations and collectability of the lease payments is probable, the difference between such rental income earned and the cash rent due under the provisions of the lease is recorded as Accrued rental income in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. If the Company determines that collectability of the lease payments is not probable, the Company records an adjustment to Lease revenues, net to reduce cumulative income recognized since lease commencement to the amount of cash collected from the lessee (i.e., write off of accrued rental income). Future revenue recognition is limited to amounts paid by the lessee. Rental property accounted for under direct financing leases – The Company utilizes the direct finance method of accounting to record direct financing lease income. The net investment in the direct financing lease represents receivables for the sum of future lease payments to be received and the estimated residual value of the leased property, less unamortized unearned income (which represents the difference between undiscounted cash flows and discounted cash flows). Unearned income is deferred and amortized into income over the lease terms so as to produce a constant periodic rate of return on the Company’s net investment in the leases. Rental property accounted for under sales-type leases – For leases accounted for as sales-type leases, the Company records selling profit arising from the lease at inception, along with the net investment in the lease. The Company leases assets through the assumption of existing leases or through sale-leaseback transactions, and records such assets at their fair value at the time of acquisition, which in most cases coincides with lease inception. As a result, 79 Table of Contents the Company does not generally recognize selling profit on sales-type leases. The net investment in the sales-type lease represents receivables for the sum of future lease payments and the estimated unguaranteed residual value of the leased property, each measured at net present value. Interest income is recorded over the lease terms so as to produce a constant periodic rate of return on the Company’s net investment in the leases. Certain of the Company’s lease contracts contain nonlease components ( e.g. , charges for management fees, common area maintenance, and reimbursement of third-party maintenance expenses) in addition to lease components (e .g. , monthly rental charges). Services related to nonlease components are provided over the same period of time as, and billed in the same manner as, monthly rental charges. The Company elected to apply the practical expedient available under ASC 842, for all classes of assets, not to separate the lease components from the nonlease components when accounting for operating leases. Since the lease component is the predominant component under each of these leases, combined revenues from both the lease and nonlease components are reported as Lease revenues, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. In accordance with ASC 842, provisions for uncollectible rent are recorded as an offset to Lease revenues, net in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. Lease Termination Fee Income The Company recognizes lease termination fee income as other income from real estate transactions, a component of Lease revenues, net, when all conditions of the termination agreement have been met, and collection of the lease termination fee is probable. If the tenant immediately vacates the property upon satisfying the conditions of the termination agreement, the Company recognizes the lease termination fee income net of the write off of accrued rental income associated with the lease immediately. If the tenant continues to occupy the property, the Company treats the termination as a lease modification, and recognizes the lease termination fee income on a straight-line basis over the new lease term. Lease termination fee income is recorded as other income from real estate transactions, a component of Lease revenues, net, in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. Goodwill Goodwill represents the excess of the amount paid over the fair value of the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination and is assigned to one or more reporting units. The Company evaluates goodwill for impairment when an event occurs or circumstances change that indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable, or at least annually. The Company’s annual testing date is November 30. The goodwill impairment evaluation is completed using either a qualitative or quantitative approach. Under a qualitative approach, the impairment review for goodwill consists of an assessment of whether it is more-likely-than-not that the reporting unit’s fair value is less than its carrying value, including goodwill. If a qualitative approach indicates it is more likely-than-not that the estimated carrying value of a reporting unit (including goodwill) exceeds its fair value, or if we choose to bypass the qualitative approach, we perform the quantitative approach described below. When the Company performs a quantitative test of goodwill for impairment, it compares the carrying value of its reporting unit with its fair value. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, the Company does not consider goodwill to be impaired and no further analysis would be required. If the fair value is determined to be less than its carrying value, the amount of goodwill impairment equals the amount by which the reporting unit’s carrying value exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. The Company determined that it has one reporting unit, consistent with its segment reporting analysis, which includes the acquisition, leasing, and ownership of net leased properties (i.e., the consolidated entity). When necessary to perform the quantitative test for goodwill impairment, the Company’s estimate of fair value is determined using a market approach, leveraging assumptions such as the fair value of our equity inclusive of our consideration of a control premium, if necessary, which includes an analysis of similar market transactions and other quantitative and qualitative factors. While the Company believes the assumptions used to estimate the fair value of its reporting unit are reasonable, changes in these assumptions may have a material impact on the Company’s financial results. Based on the results of its annual goodwill impairment test on November 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company concluded that goodwill was not impaired, and that the fair value of its reporting unit was substantially in excess of carrying value. 80 Table of Contents Rent Received in Advance Rent received in advance represents tenant rent payments received prior to the contractual due date, and is included in Accounts payable and other liabilities in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Rent received in advance consisted of the following: December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Rent received in advance $ 18,498 $ 16,616 Debt Issuance Costs In accordance with ASC 835, Interest, debt issuance costs related to mortgages, unsecured term loans and senior unsecured notes are reported as a direct deduction from the carrying amount of the related liability, consistent with debt discounts, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Debt issuance costs associated with the unsecured revolving credit facility are reported as an asset in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Debt issuance costs incurred in connection with the Company’s unsecured revolving credit facility, mortgages, unsecured term loans and senior unsecured notes have been deferred and are being amortized over the term of the respective loan commitment using the straight-line method, which approximates the effective interest method. Offering Costs In connection with equity offerings, the Company incurs and capitalizes certain direct, incremental legal, professional, accounting and other third-party costs. Such costs are offset against the gross proceeds of each equity offering, and recorded as a component of Additional paid-in capital in the Consolidated Balance Sheets upon the consummation of the offering. See Note 12 for further discussion of net proceeds associated with equity offerings. Forward Sale Agreements The Company occasionally sells shares of common stock through forward sale agreements to enable locking in the gross price of such shares upon pricing the offering (subject to certain adjustments) while delaying the issuance of such shares and the receipt of the net proceeds. To account for the forward sale agreements, the Company considers the accounting guidance governing financial instruments and derivatives. To date, the Company has concluded that its forward sale agreements are not liabilities as they do not embody obligations to repurchase its shares nor do they embody obligations to issue a variable number of shares for which the monetary value is predominantly fixed, varying with something other than the fair value of the shares, or varying inversely in relation to its shares. The Company then evaluates whether the agreements meet the derivatives and hedging guidance scope exception to be accounted for as equity instruments. The Company has concluded that the agreements are classifiable as equity contracts based on the following assessments: (i) none of the agreements’ exercise contingencies are based on observable markets or indices besides those related to the market for the Company’s own stock price and operations; and (ii) none of the settlement provisions preclude the agreements from being indexed to its own stock. The Company also considers the potential dilution resulting from the forward sale agreements on the earnings per share calculations. The Company uses the treasury stock method to determine the dilution resulting from the forward sale agreements during the period of time prior to settlement. Non-controlling Interests Non-controlling interests represent the portions of equity in consolidated subsidiaries that are held by third parties, which are accounted for as a separate component of equity. The Company adjusts the carrying value of non-controlling interests to reflect their share of the book value of each not wholly-owned subsidiary. Such adjustments are recorded to Additional paid-in capital as a reallocation of Non-controlling interests in the Consolidated Statements of Equity. Derivative Instruments The Company uses interest rate swap agreements to manage risks related to interest rate movements. The interest rate swap agreements, designated and qualifying as cash flow hedges, are reported at fair value. ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (“ASC 815”) , requires a company to present the earnings effect of the hedging instrument in the same income statement line item in which the earnings effect of the hedged item is reported. In accordance with ASC 815, the gain or loss on the qualifying hedges is initially included as a component of Other comprehensive income or loss and is subsequently reclassified into earnings when interest payments (the forecasted transactions) on the related debt are incurred and as the swap net settlements occur. 81 Table of Contents When an existing cash flow hedge is terminated, the Company determines the accounting treatment for the accumulated gain or loss recognized in Accumulated other comprehensive income based on the probability of the hedged forecasted transaction occurring within the period the cash flow hedge was anticipated to affect earnings. If the Company determines that the hedged forecasted transaction is probable of occurring during the original period, the accumulated gain or loss is reclassified into earnings over the remaining life of the cash flow hedge using a straight-line method. If the Company determines that the hedged forecasted transaction is not probable of occurring during the original period, the entire amount of accumulated gain or loss is reclassified into earnings at such time. The Company documents its risk management strategy and hedge effectiveness at the inception of, and during the term of, each hedge. The Company’s interest rate risk management strategy is intended to stabilize cash flow requirements by maintaining interest rate swap agreements to convert certain variable-rate debt to a fixed rate . Property Loss and Insurance Recoveries Property losses, whether full or partial, are accounted for using a combination of impairment, insurance, and revenue recognition guidance prescribed by GAAP. Upon incurring a loss event, the Company evaluates for asset impairment under ASC 350, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other, and ASC 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment. Under the terms of the Company’s lease agreements with tenants, a majority of which are net leases (whereby the tenants are responsible for insurance, taxes, and maintenance, among other property costs), the tenants are responsible for repairs and maintenance to the properties. The terms of the leases generally also require the tenants to continue making their monthly rental payments despite the property loss. To the extent that the assets are recoverable, determined utilizing undiscounted cash flows expected to result from the use of the asset or asset group and its eventual disposition, the Company accounts for a full or partial property loss as an acceleration of depreciation and evaluates whether all or a portion of the property loss can be offset by the recognition of insurance recoveries. Under the terms of the lease agreements with tenants, in the case of full or partial loss to a property, the tenant has an obligation to restore/rebuild the premises as nearly as possible to its value, condition and character immediately prior to such event. To mitigate the risk of loss, the Company requires tenants to maintain general liability insurance policies on the replacement value of the properties. Based on these considerations, the Company follows the guidance in ASC 610-30, Other Income – Gains and Losses on Involuntary Conversions (“ASC 610-30”) , for the conversion of nonmonetary assets ( i.e. , the properties) to monetary assets ( i.e. , insurance recoveries or tenant recoveries). Under ASC 610-30, once probable of receipt, the Company recognizes an insurance/tenant recovery receivable in Tenant and other receivables, net, in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, with a corresponding offset to the accelerated depreciation recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. If the insurance/tenant recovery is less than the amount of accelerated depreciation recognized, the Company will recognize a net loss in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. If the insurance/tenant recovery is greater than the amount of accelerated depreciation recognized, the Company will only recognize a recovery up to the amount of the accelerated depreciation, and will account for the excess as a gain contingency in accordance with ASC 450-30, Gain Contingencies. Gain contingencies are recognized when earned and realized, which typically will occur at the time of final settlement or when non-refundable cash advances are received. Segment Reporting The Company currently operates in a single reportable segment, which includes the acquisition, leasing, and ownership of net leased properties. The Company’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) is the Company’s senior leadership team, which includes the Chief Executive Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and the Company’s Senior Vice Presidents. The CODM assesses, measures, and reviews the operating and financial results at the consolidated level for the entire portfolio based on consolidated revenues, expenses, and net income as reported on the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. The Company does not evaluate the results of operations based on geography, size, or property type. Fair Value Measurements ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement (“ASC 820”) , defines fair value as the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) in the principal or most advantageous market for the asset or liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. ASC 820 also establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value: Level 1 – Quoted prices that are available in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. The types of financial instruments included in Level 1 are marketable, available-for-sale equity securities that are traded in an active exchange market. 82 Table of Contents Level 2 – Pricing inputs other than quoted prices in active markets, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or liabilities. Instruments included in this category are derivative contracts whose value is determined using a pricing model with inputs (such as yield curves and credit spreads) that are observable in the market or can be derived principally from or corroborated by observable market data. Level 3 – Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets or liabilities. Level 3 includes assets and liabilities whose values are determined using pricing models, discounted cash flow methodologies, or similar techniques, as well as instruments for which the determination of fair value requires significant management judgment or estimation. The Company has estimated that the carrying amount reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets for Cash and cash equivalents, Prepaid expenses and other assets, Tenant and other receivables, net, Accrued interest payable, Accounts payable and other liabilities, and Dividends payable approximates their fair values due to their short-term nature. Recurring Fair Value Measurements Interest Rate Swap Assets and Liabilities –The Company measures and records its interest rate swap instruments (see Note 9) at fair value, and discloses the fair value of its long-term debt, on a recurring basis. Interest rate swaps are derivative instruments that have no quoted readily available Level 1 inputs, and therefore are measured at fair value using inputs that are directly observable in active markets and are classified within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy, using an income approach. Specifically, the fair value of the interest rate swaps is determined using a discounted cash flow analysis on the expected future cash flows of each instrument. This analysis utilizes observable market data including yield curves and implied volatilities to determine the market’s expectation of the future cash flows of the variable component. The fixed and variable components of the interest rate swaps are then discounted using calculated discount factors developed based on the overnight indexed swap (“OIS”) curve and are aggregated to arrive at a single valuation for the period. The Company also incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty’s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its interest rate swaps fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its interest rate swaps utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation. As a result, the Company has determined that its interest rate swap valuations in their entirety are appropriately classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The balances of financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis are as follows (see Note 9): December 31, 2025 (in thousands) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Interest rate swap, assets $ 18,248 $ — $ 18,248 $ — Interest rate swap, liabilities ( 1,501 ) — ( 1,501 ) — December 31, 2024 (in thousands) Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Interest rate swap, assets $ 46,220 $ — $ 46,220 $ — Long-term Debt – The fair value of the Company’s debt was estimated using Level 1, Level 2, and Level 3 inputs based on recent secondary market trades of the Company’s senior unsecured public notes, recent comparable financing transactions, recent market risk premiums for loans of comparable quality, Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”), Canadian Overnight Repo Rate Average (“CORRA”), U.S. Treasury obligation interest rates, and discounted estimated future cash payments to be made on such debt. The discount rates estimated reflect the Company’s judgment as to the approximate current lending rates for loans or groups of loans with similar maturities and assumes that the debt is outstanding through maturity. Market information, as available, or present value techniques were utilized to estimate the amounts required to be disclosed. Since such amounts are estimates that are based on limited available market information for similar transactions and do not acknowledge transfer or other repayment restrictions that may exist on specific loans, it is unlikely that the estimated fair value of any such debt could be realized by immediate settlement of the obligation. 83 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the carrying amount reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and the Company’s estimate of the fair value of the unsecured revolving credit facility, mortgages, unsecured term loans, and senior unsecured notes which includes the fair value of interest rate swaps: December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Carrying amount $ 2,522,753 $ 1,919,927 Fair value 2,564,437 1,794,821 Non-recurring Fair Value Measurements The Company’s non-recurring fair value measurements at December 31, 2025 and 2024, consisted of the fair value of impaired real estate assets that were determined using Level 2 and Level 3 inputs. Income Taxes The Company has made an election to be taxed as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Code, commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 2008. The Company believes it is organized and operates in such a manner as to qualify for treatment as a REIT, and intends to operate in the foreseeable future in such a manner so that it will remain qualified as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, the Company is not subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax to the extent its dividends paid deduction exceeds its taxable income, as defined in the Code. Accordingly, no provision has been made for U.S. federal income taxes in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. The Company has a wholly-owned subsidiary that elected to be treated as a taxable REIT subsidiary (“TRS”) and is subject to U.S. federal, state and local income taxes at regular corporate tax rates when due. The Company is subject to state and local income or franchise taxes and foreign taxes in certain jurisdictions in which some of its properties are located and records these within Income taxes in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income when due. The Company is required to file income tax returns with federal, state, and Canadian taxing authorities. At December 31, 2025, the Company’s U.S. federal and state income tax returns remain subject to examination by the respective taxing authorities for the 2022 through 2024 tax years. The Company recognizes and measures uncertain tax positions using a two-step approach. The first step is to evaluate the tax position for recognition by determining if the weight of available evidence indicates it is more-likely-than-not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolution of related appeals or litigation processes, if any. In making this assessment, the Company must assume that the taxing authority will examine the income tax position and have full knowledge of all relevant information. The second step is to measure the tax benefit as the largest amount that is   likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement. The Company considers many factors when evaluating and estimating tax positions and tax benefits, which may require periodic adjustments and which may or may not accurately forecast actual outcomes. The Company has determined that it has no uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. Interest and penalties related to income taxes are charged to tax expense during the year in which they are incurred. Taxes Collected From Tenants and Remitted to Governmental Authorities A majority of the Company’s properties are leased on a net basis, which provides that the tenants are responsible for the payment of property operating expenses, including, but not limited to, property taxes, maintenance, insurance, repairs, and capital costs, during the lease term. The Company records such expenses on a net basis. In other situations, the Company may collect property taxes from its tenants and remit those taxes to governmental authorities. Taxes collected from tenants and remitted to governmental authorities are presented on a gross basis, where amounts billed to tenants are included in Lease revenues, net and the corresponding expense is included in Property and operating expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. Right-of-Use Assets and Lease Liabilities The Company is a lessee under non-cancelable operating and finance leases associated with its corporate headquarters and other office spaces as well as with leases of land (“ground leases”). The Company records right-of-use assets and lease liabilities associated with these leases. The lease liability is equal to the net present value of the future payments to be made under the lease, discounted using estimates based on observable market factors. The right-of-use asset is generally equal to the lease liability plus initial direct costs associated with the leases. The Company includes in the recognition of the right-of-use asset and lease liability those renewal periods that are reasonably certain to be exercised, based on the facts and 84 Table of Contents circumstances that exist at lease inception. Amounts associated with percentage rent provisions are considered variable lease costs and are not included in the initial measurement of the right-of-use asset or lease liability. The Company has made an accounting policy election, applicable to all asset types, not to separate lease from nonlease components when allocating contract consideration related to operating leases. Right-of-use assets and lease liabilities associated with operating and finance leases were included in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as follows: December 31, (in thousands) Financial Statement Presentation 2025 2024 Operating leases: Right-of-use assets Prepaid expenses and other assets $ 9,578 $ 10,239 Lease liabilities Accounts payable and other liabilities 9,580 10,186 Financing leases: Right-of-use assets Prepaid expenses and other assets 2,221 — Lease liabilities Accounts payable and other liabilities 2,729 — Refer to Note 17 for obligations under operating and finance leases. Rental Expense Rental expense associated with operating leases is recorded on a straight-line basis over the term of each lease, for leases that have fixed and measurable rent escalations. The difference between rental expense incurred on a straight-line basis and the cash rental payments due under the provisions of the lease is recorded as part of the right-of-use asset in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. Rental expense associated with finance leases is recorded as interest expense on the lease liability and amortization expense on the right-of-use asset. Amounts associated with percentage rent provisions based on the achievement of sales targets are recognized as variable rental expense when achievement of the sales targets are considered probable. Ground lease expense for properties that are under development by the Company are capitalized to property under development until the development reaches substantial completion. Stock-Based Compensation The Company has issued restricted stock awards (“RSAs”) and performance-based restricted stock units (“PRSUs”) under its 2020 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan (the “Equity Incentive Plan”). The Company accounts for stock-based incentives in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation , which requires that such compensation be recognized in the financial statements based on the award’s estimated grant date fair value. The value of such awards is recognized as compensation expense in General and administrative expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income over the appropriate vesting period on a straight-line basis or at the cumulative amount vested at each balance sheet date, if greater. The Company records forfeitures during the period in which they occur by reversing all previously recorded stock compensation expense associated with the forfeited shares. Dividends declared on RSAs issued under the Equity Incentive Plan are recorded as Cumulative distributions in excess of retained earnings in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Accumulated dividends related to forfeited RSAs are reversed through compensation expense in the period the forfeiture occurs. Dividends accrued on the PRSUs are recorded as Cumulative distributions in excess of retained earnings in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Accumulated dividends accrued related to forfeited PRSUs are reversed in the period the forfeiture occurs. Earnings per Share Earnings per common share has been computed pursuant to the guidance in ASC 260, Earnings Per Share, which requires the classification of the Company’s unvested shares of restricted common stock, which contain rights to receive non-forfeitable dividends, as participating securities requiring the two-class method of computing earnings per share. The two-class method is an earnings allocation formula that determines earnings per share for each class of common stock and participating securities according to dividends declared (or accumulated) and participation rights in undistributed earnings. In accordance with the two-class method, the Company’s calculation of earnings per share excludes the income attributable to the unvested shares of restricted common stock from the numerator of the calculation and the weighted average number of such unvested shares from the denominator. Diluted earnings per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average shares of common stock and potentially dilutive securities in accordance with the treasury stock method and/or if converted method (see Note 14). 85 Table of Contents Recently Issued Accounting Standards In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2024-03, Income Statement—Reporting Comprehensive Income—Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40) (“ASU 2024-03”). ASU 2024-03 requires a public entity to disclose additional information about specific expense categories in the notes to financial statements on an annual and interim basis. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The Company may elect to apply the amendments either prospectively to financial statements issued for reporting periods after the effective date of this ASU or retrospectively to any or all prior periods presented in the financial statements. While this update will result in enhanced disclosures, the Company does not expect it will have a material impact on the Company’s financial statements. In November 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-09, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Hedge Accounting Improvements (“ASU 2025-09”). ASU 2025-09 seeks to better align hedge accounting with an entity’s risk management strategies by improving the ability to achieve and maintain hedge accounting for highly effective economic hedges of forecasted transactions. ASU 2025-09 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of the guidance, including any additional disclosures that may be required. In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025‑11, Interim Reporting (Topic 270): Narrow‑Scope Improvements (“ASU 2025‑11”). ASU 2025‑11 clarifies the applicability of the interim reporting guidance in ASC 270, specifies the form and content of interim financial statements and related disclosures, adds a disclosure principle requiring entities to disclose events since the end of the most recent annual reporting period that have a material impact, and improves the organization and navigability of required interim disclosures. The amendments are not intended to change the fundamental nature of interim reporting or significantly expand or reduce existing interim disclosure requirements. ASU 2025‑11 is effective for interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of the guidance, including additional disclosures that may be required. 3. Acquisitions of Rental Property The Company closed on the following acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2025: 86 Table of Contents (in thousands, except number of properties) Number of Properties Real Estate Acquisition Price Date Property Type January 28, 2025 Retail 1 $ 9,871 February 13, 2025 Retail 1 495 (a) March 11, 2025 Industrial 1 41,088 March 28, 2025 Retail 4 8,045 April 24, 2025 Industrial 1 8,500 (a) May 16, 2025 Industrial 1 54,722 June 4, 2025 Industrial 1 3,400 (b) June 5, 2025 Retail 1 1,100 (a) June 12, 2025 Industrial 1 13,700 (a) June 13, 2025 Industrial 1 20,334 (c) July 1, 2025 Retail 1 13,069 July 2, 2025 Retail 1 8,265 August 1, 2025 Industrial 1 18,272 (c) August 6, 2025 Industrial 1 53,803 September 30, 2025 Industrial 1 64,325 October 1, 2025 Industrial 1 70,143 October 22, 2025 Industrial 1 30,076 October 30, 2025 Retail 1 3,950 (a) November 4, 2025 Industrial 1 24,392 (c) November 4, 2025 Industrial 1 25,671 (c) November 19, 2025 Retail 10 16,919 November 21, 2025 Industrial 2 46,285 December 23, 2025 Retail 1 5,700 (a) December 30, 2025 Retail 1 13,324 37 $ 555,449 (d) (a) Acquisition of land to be developed in connection with a build-to-suit development. (b) Acquisition of land to be developed in connection with a build-to-suit development. In July 2025, the Company contributed these assets in exchange for preferred equity in a consolidated VIE (see Note 2). (c) Acquisition of land by a consolidated VIE in connection with a build-to-suit development (see Note 2). (d) Acquisition price excludes capitalized acquisition and development costs of $ 12.4 million. 87 Table of Contents The Company closed on the following acquisitions during the year ended December 31, 2024: (in thousands, except number of properties) Number of Properties Real Estate Acquisition Price Date Property Type April 4, 2024 Retail 8 $ 84,500 (e) April 18, 2024 Industrial & Retail 5 65,000 May 21, 2024 Retail 1 12,590 May 30, 2024 Industrial 5 31,493 June 6, 2024 Industrial 1 9,470 June 24, 2024 Retail 2 14,000 September 3, 2024 Retail 1 10,180 September 5, 2024 Industrial 1 59,000 December 12, 2024 Retail 1 1,050 (f) December 24, 2024 Industrial 1 2,750 (f) 26 $ 290,033 (g) (e) In April 2024, the Company acquired $ 52.0 million of real estate assets. In June 2024, the Company contributed these assets in exchange for preferred equity in a consolidated VIE (see Note 2). (f) Acquisition of land to be developed in connection with a build-to-suit development. (g) Acquisition price excludes capitalized acquisition costs of $ 8.3 million. The Company allocated the purchase price of these properties to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The following table summarizes the purchase price allocation for completed real estate acquisitions: December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Land $ 28,976 $ 56,397 Land improvements 16,695 13,972 Buildings and improvements 348,305 198,173 Property under development 126,268 9,950 Acquired in-place leases (h) 39,220 23,336 Acquired above-market leases (i) 1,947 1,029 Acquired below-market leases (j) ( 499 ) ( 4,504 ) Right-of-use asset 2,262 — Lease liability ( 2,681 ) — Prepaid expenses & other assets 7,318 — $ 567,811 $ 298,353 (h) The weighted average amortization period for acquired in-place leases is 14 years and 10 years for acquisitions completed during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. (i) The weighted average amortization period for the acquired above-market leases is 15 years and six years for acquisitions completed during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. (j) The weighted average amortization period for acquired below-market leases is 11 years and nine years for acquisitions completed during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The above acquisitions were funded using a combination of available cash on hand and unsecured revolving credit facility borrowings. All real estate acquisitions closed during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, qualified as asset acquisitions and as such, acquisition costs were capitalized. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, the Company closed on the following acquisitions (see Note 18): 88 Table of Contents (in thousands, except number of properties) Date Property Type Number of Properties Acquisition Price February 18, 2026 Retail 1 $ 2,018 4. Sale of Real Estate The Company closed on the following sales of real estate, none of which qualified as discontinued operations: For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except number of properties) 2025 2024 2023 Number of properties disposed 28 58 14 Aggregate sale price $ 96,591 $ 364,059 $ 200,072 Aggregate carrying value ( 83,032 ) ( 285,736 ) ( 140,649 ) Additional sales expenses ( 958 ) ( 5,170 ) ( 5,113 ) Gain on sale of real estate $ 12,601 $ 73,153 $ 54,310 5. Investment in Rental Property and Lease Arrangements The Company generally leases its investment rental property to established tenants in the industrial and retail property types. At December 31, 2025, the Company had 771 real estate properties, 760 of which were leased under leases that have been classified as operating leases, nine that have been classified as direct financing leases, one that has been classified as a sales-type lease, and one that was vacant. Of the nine leases classified as direct financing leases, three include land portions which are accounted for as operating leases (see Revenue Recognition within Note 2). Most leases have initial terms of 10 to 20 years. The Company’s leases generally provide for limited increases in rent as a result of fixed increases, increases in the CPI, or increases in the tenant’s sales volume. Generally, tenants are also required to pay all property taxes and assessments, substantially maintain the interior and exterior of the building, and maintain property and liability insurance coverage. The leases also typically provide for one or more multiple year renewal options, at the election of the tenant, and are subject to generally the same terms and conditions as the initial lease. Investment in Rental Property – Operating Leases Depreciation expense on investment in rental property was as follows: For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 2023 Depreciation $ 128,745 $ 123,684 $ 123,859 Estimated lease payments to be received under non-cancelable operating leases with tenants at December 31, 2025 are as follows: (in thousands) 2026 $ 428,674 2027 416,842 2028 417,615 2029 407,321 2030 381,887 Thereafter 2,962,848 $ 5,015,187 Since lease renewal periods are exercisable at the option of the tenant, the above amounts only include future lease payments due during the initial lease terms. Such amounts exclude any potential variable rent increases that are based on changes in the CPI or future variable rents which may be received under the leases based on a percentage of the tenant’s gross sales. Additionally, certain of our leases provide tenants with the option to terminate their leases in exchange for termination penalties, or that are contingent upon the occurrence of a future event. Future lease payments within the table above have not been adjusted for these termination rights. 89 Table of Contents Investment in Rental Property – Direct Financing Leases The Company’s net investment in direct financing leases is comprised of the following: December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Undiscounted estimated lease payments to be received $ 28,699 $ 31,983 Estimated unguaranteed residual values 14,547 14,547 Unearned revenue ( 17,663 ) ( 20,277 ) Reserve for credit losses ( 86 ) ( 99 ) Net investment in direct financing leases $ 25,497 $ 26,154 Undiscounted estimated lease payments to be received under non-cancelable direct financing leases with tenants at December 31, 2025 are as follows: (in thousands) 2026 $ 3,357 2027 3,426 2028 3,496 2029 3,561 2030 3,682 Thereafter 11,177 $ 28,699 The above rental receipts do not include future lease payments for renewal periods, potential variable CPI rent increases, or variable percentage rent payments that may become due in future periods. Investment in Rental Property – Sales-Type Leases The Company’s $ 14.4 million net investment in a sales-type lease is comprised of one lease at December 31, 2025. The lease has $ 16.9 million of undiscounted estimated lease payments to be received throughout the remaining lease term, which expires in 2027. The Company’s sales-type leases at December 31, 2024 were not material. Lease Revenues, Net The following table summarizes amounts reported as Lease revenues, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income: For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 2023 Contractual rental amounts billed for operating leases $ 408,794 $ 388,074 $ 388,073 Adjustment to recognize contractual operating lease billings on a  straight-line basis 22,269 22,163 27,154 Net write-offs of accrued rental income ( 4,086 ) ( 2,556 ) ( 4,266 ) Variable rental amounts earned 3,340 2,999 2,277 Earned income from direct financing leases 2,707 2,748 2,752 Interest income from sales-type leases 828 58 58 Operating expenses billed to tenants 20,629 20,693 20,363 Other income from real estate transactions (a) 574 2,039 7,414 Adjustment to revenue recognized for uncollectible rental amounts billed, net ( 917 ) ( 4,418 ) ( 937 ) Total lease revenues, net $ 454,138 $ 431,800 $ 442,888 (a) Includes $ 0.4 million, $ 1.2 million and $ 7.5 million of lease termination fee income for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 90 Table of Contents 6. Intangible Assets and Liabilities, and Leasing Fees The following is a summary of intangible assets and liabilities, and leasing fees, and related accumulated amortization: December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Lease intangibles: Acquired above-market leases $ 41,082 $ 39,786 Less accumulated amortization ( 20,574 ) ( 18,599 ) Acquired above-market leases, net 20,508 21,187 Acquired in-place leases 423,920 406,146 Less accumulated amortization ( 176,418 ) ( 159,695 ) Acquired in-place leases, net 247,502 246,451 Total intangible lease assets, net $ 268,010 $ 267,638 Acquired below-market leases $ 91,670 $ 94,513 Less accumulated amortization ( 50,143 ) ( 45,782 ) Intangible lease liabilities, net $ 41,527 $ 48,731 Leasing fees $ 22,643 $ 21,781 Less accumulated amortization ( 7,760 ) ( 6,495 ) Leasing fees, net $ 14,883 $ 15,286 Amortization of intangible lease assets and liabilities, and leasing fees was as follows: (in thousands) For the Year Ended December 31, Intangible Financial Statement Presentation 2025 2024 2023 Acquired in-place leases and leasing fees Depreciation and amortization $ 34,966 $ 32,161 $ 34,487 Above-market and below-market leases Lease revenues, net 4,474 4,419 5,859 For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, amortization of all intangible assets and liabilities includes $ 5.3 million, $ 1.6 million, and $ 0.9 million, respectively, of accelerated amortization resulting from early lease terminations. Estimated future amortization of intangible assets and liabilities, and leasing fees at December 31, 2025 is as follows: (in thousands) 2026 $ 27,590 2027 25,949 2028 23,728 2029 22,128 2030 19,739 Thereafter 122,232 $ 241,366 91 Table of Contents 7. Unsecured Credit Agreements Unsecured Revolving Credit Agreement Unsecured Revolving Credit Facility The Company has a $ 1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”), with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent that had an initial maturity of March 31, 2026. The Revolving Credit Facility includes an accordion feature to increase the aggregate facility size to $ 2.0 billion, subject to the willingness of existing or new lenders to fund such increase and other customary conditions. The Company has the option to extend the term of the Revolving Credit Facility twice for six months per extension, subject to certain conditions, including payment of an extension fee equal to 0.0625 % of the revolving commitments. In addition to United States Dollars (“USD”), borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility can be made in Pound Sterling, Euros or Canadian Dollars (“CAD”) up to an aggregate amount of $ 500.0 million. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility are subject to interest only payments at variable rates equal to the applicable reference rate plus a margin based on the Company’s credit rating, ranging between 0.725 % and 1.400 %. The Revolving Credit Facility is subject to a facility fee on the amount of the revolving commitments, based on the Company’s credit rating, ranging between 0.125 % and 0.300 %. The applicable facility fee is 0.200 % per annum. The Company may issue letters of credit up to $ 20.0 million under the Revolving Credit Facility. At December 31, 2025, the Company had a $ 10.5 million standby letter of credit outstanding, which reduces the borrowing capacity under the facility. The letter of credit primarily supports the Company’s build-to-suit transactions. No draws were outstanding on the standby letter of credit as of December 31, 2025. On February 28, 2025, the Company amended and restated the Revolving Credit Facility to extend the maturity date to March 31, 2029, enter into a $ 500.0 million term loan agreement (the “2028 Unsecured Term Loan”), further described below, and include an accordion feature to increase the aggregate facility size from $ 1.5 billion to $ 2.5 billion, subject to the willingness of existing or new lenders to fund such increase and other customary conditions. All remaining terms of the Revolving Credit Facility remained the same. On December 16, 2025, the Company amended the Revolving Credit Facility to remove certain adjustments to the applicable reference rates. All remaining terms of the Revolving Credit Facility remained the same. Unsecured Term Loan Agreements 2026 Unsecured Term Loan The Company had a $ 400.0 million seven-year unsecured term loan agreement (the “2026 Unsecured Term Loan”) with Capital One, National Association as administrative agent. The 2026 Unsecured Term Loan provided an accordion feature for up to a total of $ 550.0 million borrowing capacity. The 2026 Unsecured Term Loan had an initial maturity date of February 27, 2026. Borrowings under the 2026 Unsecured Term Loan were subject to interest only payments at variable rates equal to LIBOR plus a margin between 0.85 % and 1.65 % per annum based on the Company’s credit rating. Effective July 1, 2023, the Company amended the 2026 Unsecured Term Loan to transition to SOFR upon the cessation of LIBOR. Interest on borrowings bore interest at one-month SOFR plus a margin between 0.85 % and 1.65 % per annum based on the Company’s credit rating. The 2026 Unsecured Term Loan was subject to a fee of 0.25 % per annum on the amount of the commitment, reduced by the amount of term loans outstanding. The 2026 Unsecured Term Loan was paid in full on February 28, 2025, with borrowings from the 2028 Unsecured Term Loan. 2027 and 2029 Unsecured Term Loans The Company has two unsecured term loans, including a $ 200.0 million, five-year unsecured term loan (the “2027 Unsecured Term Loan”), and a $ 300.0 million, seven-year unsecured term loan (the “2029 Unsecured Term Loan”) both with Regions Bank as administrative agent. Borrowings on the term loans bore interest at variable rates based on SOFR, plus a margin based on the Company’s credit rating, ranging between 0.80 % and 1.60 % per annum for the 2027 Unsecured Term Loan, and 1.15 % and 2.20 % per annum for the 2029 Unsecured Term Loan through December 16, 2025. On December 16, 2025, the Company amended the 2029 Unsecured Term Loan to reduce the margin to a range of 0.80 % and 1.60 % per annum, to remove certain adjustments to the reference rate, to provide two extension options for twelve months each, subject to certain conditions, including payment of an extension fee equal to 0.10 % of the then outstanding principal balance, and to modify the maturity date to February 16, 2029. All remaining terms of the 2029 Unsecured Term Loan remained the same. Additionally, the Company amended the 2027 Unsecured Term Loan on December 16, 2025, to remove certain adjustments to the reference rate. All remaining terms of the 2027 Unsecured Term Loan remained the same. 92 Table of Contents 2028 Unsecured Term Loan As part of the February 28, 2025 amendment and restatement of the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company entered into the 2028 Unsecured Term Loan (see definition above). The Company has the option to extend the term twice for twelve months per extension, subject to certain conditions, including the payment of an extension fee equal to 0.125 % of the outstanding principal balance. The Company borrowed $ 400.0 million of the available borrowings on the closing date and the remaining $ 100.0 million was funded during May 2025. Borrowings under the 2028 Unsecured Term Loan are subject to interest only payments at variable rates equal to SOFR plus a margin based on the Company’s credit rating, ranging between 0.800 % and 1.600 % per annum. Proceeds from the loan were used to repay the $ 400.0 million 2026 Unsecured Term Loan in full and repay a portion of the Revolving Credit Facility. On December 16, 2025, the Company amended the applicable portion of the agreement to remove certain adjustments to the applicable reference rates, and all remaining terms remained the same. Senior Unsecured Notes 2027 Senior Unsecured Notes - Series A The Company issued $ 150.0 million of unsecured, fixed-rate, interest-only guaranteed senior promissory notes (the “2027 Senior Unsecured Notes - Series A”). The 2027 Senior Unsecured Notes - Series A were issued at par, and bear interest at a rate of 4.84 %. 2028 Senior Unsecured Notes - Series B and 2030 Senior Unsecured Notes - Series C The Company has a Note and Guaranty Agreement (the “NGA Agreement”) with each of the purchasers of unsecured, fixed-rate, interest-only, guaranteed senior promissory notes. Under the NGA Agreement, the OP issued and sold senior promissory notes in two series, series B guaranteed senior notes (the “2028 Senior Unsecured Notes - Series B”) and series C guaranteed senior notes (the “2030 Unsecured Notes - Series C”), for an aggregate principal amount of $ 325.0 million. The 2028 Senior Unsecured Notes - Series B provide for an aggregate principal amount of $ 225.0 million with a fixed-rate of 5.09 %. The 2030 Senior Unsecured Notes - Series C provide for an aggregate principal amount of $ 100.0 million with a fixed-rate of 5.19 % . 2031 Senior Unsecured Public Notes The Company completed a public offering of $ 375.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 2.60 % senior unsecured notes due in 2031 (the “2031 Senior Unsecured Public Notes”), issued at 99.816 % of the principal amount. The 2031 Senior Unsecured Public Notes require semi-annual interest payments through the maturity date of September 15, 2031, unless earlier redeemed. The 2031 Senior Unsecured Public Notes were issued by the OP and are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. 2032 Senior Unsecured Public Notes On September 26, 2025, the Company completed a public offering of $ 350.0 million 5.000 % senior unsecured notes due in 2032 (the "2032 Senior Unsecured Public Notes"), issued at 99.151 % of the principal amount. The 2032 Senior Unsecured Public Notes require semi-annual interest payments through the maturity date of November 1, 2032, unless earlier redeemed. The 2032 Senior Unsecured Public Notes can be redeemed by the Company at par within two months of the maturity date, or the Company can call the notes at any time for the principal, accrued interest, and a make-whole amount based upon the applicable government bond yield plus 20 basis points. The proceeds were used to repay borrowings on the Revolving Credit Facility, to fund investments in real estate, and for general corporate purposes. Covenants on Unsecured Credit Agreements The Company is subject to various financial and operational covenants and financial reporting requirements pursuant to its unsecured credit agreements. These covenants require the Company to maintain certain financial ratios. As of December 31, 2025, and for all periods presented, the Company believes it was in compliance with all of its loan covenants. Failure to comply with the covenants would result in a default which, if the Company were unable to cure or obtain a waiver from the lenders, could accelerate the repayment of the obligations. Further, in the event of default, the Company may be restricted from paying dividends to its stockholders in excess of dividends required to maintain its REIT qualification. Accordingly, an event of default could have a material effect on the Company. 93 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the Company’s unsecured credit agreements: Outstanding Balance December 31, (in thousands, except interest rates) 2025 2024 Interest Rate Maturity Date Unsecured revolving credit facility $ 266,036 $ 93,014 applicable reference rate + 0.85 % (a) Mar. 2029 (d) Unsecured term loans: 2026 Unsecured Term Loan — 400,000 one-month adjusted SOFR + 1.00 % (b) Feb. 2026 (e) 2027 Unsecured Term Loan 200,000 200,000 daily simple SOFR + 0.95 % (c) Aug. 2027 2028 Unsecured Term Loan 500,000 — one-month SOFR + 0.95 % (b) Mar. 2028 (f) 2029 Unsecured Term Loan 300,000 300,000 daily simple SOFR + 0.95 % (c) Feb. 2029 (g) Total unsecured term loans 1,000,000 900,000 Unamortized debt issuance costs, net ( 5,781 ) ( 2,799 ) Total unsecured term loans, net 994,219 897,201 Senior unsecured notes: 2027 Senior Unsecured Notes - Series A 150,000 150,000 4.84 % Apr. 2027 2028 Senior Unsecured Notes - Series B 225,000 225,000 5.09 % Jul. 2028 2030 Senior Unsecured Notes - Series C 100,000 100,000 5.19 % Jul. 2030 2031 Senior Unsecured Public Notes 375,000 375,000 2.60 % Sep. 2031 2032 Senior Unsecured Public Notes 350,000 — 5.00 % Nov. 2032 Total senior unsecured notes 1,200,000 850,000 Unamortized debt issuance costs and original issuance discounts, net ( 9,262 ) ( 3,936 ) Total senior unsecured notes, net 1,190,738 846,064 Total unsecured debt, net $ 2,450,993 $ 1,836,279 (a) At December 31, 2025 and 2024, a balance of $ 193.0 million and $ 23.5 million, respectively, was subject to daily simple SOFR. The remaining balance of $ 100.0 million CAD borrowings remeasured to $ 73.0 million USD and $ 69.5 million USD, at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and was subject to daily simple CORRA of 2.30 % and 3.32 % at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. (b) At December 31, 2025 and 2024, one-month SOFR was 3.69 %  and 4.33 %, respectively. (c) At December 31, 2025 and 2024, overnight SOFR was 3.87 % and 4.49 %, respectively. (d) The unsecured revolving credit facility contains two six-month extension options subject to certain conditions, including the payment of an extension fee equal to 0.0625 % of the revolving commitments. (e) The 2026 Unsecured Term Loan was paid in full on February 28, 2025, with borrowings from the 2028 Unsecured Term Loan. (f) The 2028 Unsecured Term Loan contains two twelve-month extension options subject to certain conditions, including the payment of an extension fee equal to 0.125 % of the aggregate principal amount of the loans outstanding under the 2028 term loan facility. (g) The 2029 Unsecured Term Loan contains two twelve-month extension options subject to certain conditions, including the payment of an extension fee equal to 0.10 % of the aggregate principal amount of the loans outstanding under the 2029 term loan facility. At December 31, 2025, the weighted average interest rate on all outstanding borrowings was 4.45 % exclusive of interest rate swap agreements, and 4.01 % inclusive of interest rate swap agreements. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company incurred $ 19.5 million in debt issuance costs associated with the amended and restated unsecured credit agreement and 2032 Senior Unsecured Public Notes, which have been deferred and are being amortized over the term of the associated debt. The Company did not incur debt issuance costs during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. Debt issuance costs and original issuance discounts are amortized as a component of Interest expense in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income. The following table summarizes debt issuance cost and original issuance discount amortization: For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 2023 Debt issuance costs and original issuance discounts amortization $ 5,488 $ 3,932 $ 3,938 94 Table of Contents 8. Mortgages The Company’s mortgages consist of the following: (in thousands, except interest rates) December 31, Lender Origination Date Maturity Date Interest Rate 2025 2024 Wilmington Trust National Association Apr. 2019 Feb. 2028 4.92 % $ 41,393 $ 42,838 (a) (b) (c) (d) Wilmington Trust National Association Jun. 2018 Aug. 2025 4.36 % — 18,283 (a) (b) (c) (d) PNC Bank Oct. 2016 Nov. 2026 3.62 % 15,324 15,792 (b) (c) Total mortgages 56,717 76,913 Debt issuance costs, net ( 28 ) ( 67 ) Mortgages, net $ 56,689 $ 76,846 (a) Non-recourse debt includes the indemnification/guaranty of the Company pertaining to fraud, environmental claims, insolvency, and other matters. (b) Debt secured by related rental property and lease rents. (c) Debt secured by guaranty of the OP. (d) Mortgage was assumed as part of the acquisition of the related property. The debt was recorded at fair value at the time of assumption. At December 31, 2025, investment in rental property with a net book value of $ 81.0 million was pledged as collateral against the Company’s mortgages. Estimated future principal payments to be made under the above mortgages and the Company’s unsecured credit agreements (see Note 7) at December 31, 2025, are as follows: (in thousands) 2026 $ 16,843 2027 351,597 2028 763,277 2029 566,036 2030 100,000 Thereafter 725,000 $ 2,522,753 Certain of the Company’s mortgages provide for prepayment fees and can be terminated under certain events of default as defined under the related agreements. These prepayment fees are not reflected as part of the table above. 9. Interest Rate Swaps Interest rate swaps were entered into with certain financial institutions in order to mitigate the impact of interest rate variability over the term of the related debt agreements. The interest rate swaps are considered cash flow hedges. Under these agreements, the Company receives monthly payments from the counterparties equal to the related variable interest rates multiplied by the outstanding notional amounts. In turn, the Company pays the counterparties each month an amount equal to a fixed rate multiplied by the related outstanding notional amounts. The intended net impact of these transactions is that the Company pays a fixed interest rate on its variable-rate borrowings. In order to reduce counterparty concentration risk, the Company diversifies the institutions that serve as swap counterparties. The Company is exposed to credit risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties of the swaps. The Company minimizes the risk exposure by limiting counterparties to only major banks who meet established credit and capital guidelines. In June 2024, the Company entered into nine forward-starting interest rate swaps with various institutions for a total notional amount of $ 460.0 million in order to mitigate the impact of interest rate variability over the term of the Company’s current and expected debt obligations. These swap arrangements became effective during various periods between March and December 2025 and mature in 2030 . In connection with the issuance of the 2032 Senior Unsecured Public Notes in September 2025 and repayment of outstanding borrowings of variable rate debt indexed to the daily simple SOFR rate (see Note 7), the Company terminated 95 Table of Contents interest rate swap agreements with an aggregate termination value of $ 6.7 million. The Company determined it is not probable the hedged forecasted transactions will occur during the original periods, and therefore $ 6.1 million of accumulated losses held in Other comprehensive income were reclassified to interest expense during the year ended December 31, 2025. Additionally, in September 2025, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements indexed to the 7-year U.S. Treasury for an aggregate notional amount of $ 300.0 million in connection with the issuance of the 2032 Senior Unsecured Public Notes. These interest rate swaps were terminated upon issuance of the 2032 Senior Unsecured Public Notes. The Company determined it is probable the hedged forecasted transaction will occur during the original periods, and therefore $ 0.6 million of accumulated losses held in Other comprehensive income will be amortized on a straight-line basis over the original term of the swap agreement, which ends in August 2032. The following is a summary of the Company’s outstanding interest rate swap agreements: (in thousands, except interest rates) December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Counterparty Maturity Date Fixed Rate Variable Rate Index Notional Amount Fair Value Notional Amount Fair Value Bank of Montreal January 2025 1.91 % daily compounded SOFR $ — $ — $ 25,000 $ 2 Truist Financial Corporation April 2025 2.20 % daily compounded SOFR — — 25,000 137 Bank of Montreal July 2025 2.32 % daily compounded SOFR — — 25,000 250 Truist Financial Corporation July 2025 1.99 % daily compounded SOFR — — 25,000 290 Truist Financial Corporation December 2025 2.30 % daily compounded SOFR — — 25,000 471 Bank of Montreal January 2026 1.92 % daily compounded SOFR 25,000 1 25,000 569 Bank of Montreal January 2026 2.05 % daily compounded SOFR 40,000 2 40,000 860 Capital One, National Association January 2026 2.08 % daily compounded SOFR 35,000 2 35,000 743 Truist Financial Corporation January 2026 1.93 % daily compounded SOFR 25,000 1 25,000 567 Capital One, National Association April 2026 2.68 % daily compounded SOFR 15,000 43 15,000 280 Capital One, National Association July 2026 1.32 % daily compounded SOFR 35,000 410 35,000 1,454 Bank of Montreal December 2026 2.33 % daily compounded SOFR 10,000 116 10,000 346 Bank of Montreal December 2026 1.99 % daily compounded SOFR 25,000 373 25,000 1,030 Toronto-Dominion Bank March 2027 2.46 % daily compounded CORRA 14,607 (a) 32 13,903 (a) 166 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. April 2027 2.72 % daily compounded SOFR 25,000 224 25,000 757 Bank of Montreal December 2027 2.37 % daily compounded SOFR 25,000 494 25,000 1,230 Capital One, National Association December 2027 2.37 % daily compounded SOFR 25,000 493 25,000 1,227 Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. January 2028 2.37 % daily compounded SOFR 75,000 1,485 75,000 3,693 Bank of Montreal May 2029 2.09 % daily compounded SOFR 25,000 1,084 25,000 2,024 Regions Bank May 2029 2.11 % daily compounded SOFR 25,000 1,067 25,000 1,999 Regions Bank June 2029 2.03 % daily compounded SOFR 25,000 1,136 25,000 2,085 U.S. Bank National Association June 2029 2.03 % daily compounded SOFR 25,000 1,135 25,000 2,087 Regions Bank August 2029 2.58 % one-month SOFR 100,000 2,501 100,000 5,799 Toronto-Dominion Bank August 2029 2.58 % one-month SOFR 45,000 1,145 45,000 2,642 U.S. Bank National Association August 2029 2.65 % one-month SOFR 15,000 345 15,000 835 U.S. Bank National Association August 2029 2.58 % one-month SOFR 100,000 2,508 100,000 5,820 U.S. Bank National Association August 2029 1.35 % daily compounded SOFR 25,000 1,793 25,000 2,894 Bank of Montreal March 2030 3.80 % daily simple SOFR — (c) , (d) — 80,000 541 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. March 2030 3.79 % daily simple SOFR — (c) , (d) — 50,000 371 U.S. Bank National Association June 2030 3.73 % daily simple SOFR — (c) , (d) — 70,000 666 Truist Financial Corporation June 2030 3.73 % daily simple SOFR — (c) , (d) — 55,000 508 Manufacturers & Traders Trust Company September 2030 3.71 % daily simple SOFR — (c) , (d) — 50,000 512 Regions Bank September 2030 3.69 % daily simple SOFR — (c) , (d) — 15,000 159 Truist Financial Corporation September 2030 3.70 % daily simple SOFR — (c) , (d) — 15,000 159 Toronto-Dominion Bank December 2030 3.66 % daily simple SOFR 70,000 (c) ( 835 ) 70,000 846 Regions Bank December 2030 3.66 % daily simple SOFR 55,000 (c) ( 666 ) 55,000 643 Regions Bank March 2032 2.69 % daily compounded CORRA 14,607 (a) 394 13,903 (a) 358 U.S. Bank National Association March 2032 2.70 % daily compounded CORRA 14,607 (a) 391 13,903 (a) 354 Bank of Montreal March 2034 2.81 % daily compounded CORRA 29,214 (b) 1,073 27,805 (b) 846 Total Swaps $ 943,035 $ 16,747 $ 1,399,514 $ 46,220 (a) The contractual notional amount is $ 20.0 million CAD. (b) The contractual notional amount is $ 40.0 million CAD. 96 Table of Contents (c) Forward starting swap with an effective date five years prior to the respective maturity date. (d) Interest rate swap was terminated in September 2025. At December 31, 2025, the weighted average interest rate on all outstanding borrowings was 4.01 %, inclusive of a weighted average fixed rate on effective interest rate swaps of 2.48 %. The total amounts recognized, and the location in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income, from converting from variable rates to fixed rates under these agreements were as follows: Amount of (Loss) Gain Recognized in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Reclassification from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Interest Expense Presented in the Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income (in thousands) Location Amount of Gain For the year ended December 31, 2025 $ ( 36,185 ) Interest expense $ 11,669 $ 94,467 2024 124 Interest expense 28,797 74,077 2023 ( 17,293 ) Interest expense 25,679 80,053 Amounts related to the interest rate swaps expected to be reclassified out of Accumulated other comprehensive income to Interest expense during the next twelve months are estimated to be a gain of $ 6.1 million. 10. Non-Controlling Interests The Company has seven entities with non-controlling interests that are consolidated: the “OP” and interests in six consolidated VIEs not wholly-owned by the Company (See Principles of Consolidation within Note 2). Under the Company’s UPREIT structure, entities and individuals can contribute assets in exchange for OP Units. There were no UPREIT transactions during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. The cumulative amount of UPREIT properties contributed, less assumed debt, amounted to $ 128.7 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. The OP Units are economically equivalent to the Corporation’s common stock and, subject to certain restrictions, are convertible into the Company’s common stock at the option of the respective unit holders on a one-to-one basis. The OP Units are redeemable for cash at the option of the holder, however, the Company may, at its sole option, issue shares in lieu of cash. Therefore, the OP Units are considered to be permanent equity. Exchanges of OP Units held by non-controlling interest holders are recorded by reducing non-controlling interest on a historical cost basis with a corresponding increase in common stock and additional paid-in capital. The following table summarizes OP Units exchanged for shares of common stock: For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 2023 OP Units exchanged for shares of common stock 350 282 1,277 Value of units exchanged $ 5,514 $ 4,544 $ 21,235 Holders of the OP Units do not have voting rights at the Corporation level. 11. Credit Risk Concentrations The Company maintained bank balances that, at times, exceeded the federally insured limit during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. The Company has not experienced losses relating to these deposits and management does not believe that the Company is exposed to any significant credit risk with respect to these amounts based on the financial position and capitalization of the applicable banks. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the Company had no individual tenants or common franchises that accounted for more than 10% of Lease revenues, net, excluding lease termination fees. 12. Equity Common Stock The shares of the Corporation’s common stock entitle the holders to one vote per share on all matters upon which stockholders are entitled to vote, to receive dividends and other distributions as authorized by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Maryland General Corporation Law, and to all rights of a stockholder pursuant to the Maryland General Corporation Law. The common stock has no preferences or preemptive conversion or exchange rights. 97 Table of Contents Pursuant to the limited liability company agreement of the OP, each outstanding OP Unit can be redeemed for one share of the Corporation’s common stock, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the OP’s operating agreement. Preferred Stock The Charter also provides the Board of Directors with the authority to issue one or more classes or series of preferred stock, and prior to the issuance of such shares of preferred stock, the Board of Directors shall have the power from time to time to classify or reclassify, in one or more series, any unissued shares and designate the preferences, rights and privileges of such shares of preferred stock. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, no shares of the Corporation’s preferred stock were issued and outstanding. At-the-Market Program (“ATM Program”) The Company enters into ATM Programs through which it may, from time to time, publicly offer and sell shares of common stock. The Company’s ATM Programs also provide for forward sale agreements, enabling the Company to set the price of shares upon pricing the offering, while delaying the issuance of shares and the receipt of the net proceeds. In May 2024, the Company replaced its prior $ 400.0 million ATM Program (“2021 ATM Program”) with a new $ 400.0 million ATM Program (“2024 ATM Program”), and the 2021 ATM Program was simultaneously terminated. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company entered into forward sale agreements to sell an aggregate of 621,487 and 2,187,700 shares of common stock, respectively, under the 2024 ATM Program at weighted average share prices of $ 18.33 and $ 18.29 , respectively, subject to certain adjustments upon settlement. The Company has the option to settle the outstanding shares of common stock from the 2025 forward sale agreement at any time before December 2026 for net proceeds of approximately $ 11.0 million. On December 18, 2025, the Company settled the 2024 forward sale agreements and issued 2,187,700 shares of common stock. The net proceeds, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions of $ 0.4 million, were $ 38.4 million. The Company used the net proceeds to primarily pay down the unsecured revolving credit facility . During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not issue any shares under the ATM Program. After considering the shares sold subject to forward sale agreements, we have $ 348.6 million of capacity remaining under the ATM Program as of December 31, 2025. The following table presents information about the Company’s ATM Programs: (in thousands) Program Year Program Size Aggregate Gross Sales ATM Shares Sold Remaining Capacity 2024 $ 400,000 $ 51,394 2,809 $ 348,606 2021 (a) 400,000 254,620 11,542 N/A (a) (a) ATM Program has been terminated and no future issuance will occur. Stock Repurchase Program The Company has a stock repurchase program (the “Repurchase Program”), which authorizes the Company to repurchase up to $ 150.0 million of the Company’s common stock. On March 11, 2025, the Company’s Board of Directors re-authorized the Repurchase Program for a twelve-month period ending on March 14, 2026. The Repurchase Program may be extended, suspended, or discontinued at any time. Under the Repurchase Program, repurchases of the Company’s stock can be made in the open market or through private transactions from time to time over the twelve-month period, depending on prevailing market conditions and compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The timing, manner, price, and amount of any repurchases of common stock under the Repurchase Program will be determined at the Company’s discretion, using available cash resources. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, no shares of the Company’s common stock were repurchased under the Repurchase Program. 13. Stock-Based Compensation Restricted Stock Awards The Company awarded 317,156 , 849,365 , and 311,583 shares of RSAs during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, to officers, employees and non-employee directors under the Company’s Equity Incentive Plan. The holder of RSAs is generally entitled at all times on and after the date of issuance of the restricted common shares to exercise the rights of a stockholder of the Company, including the right to vote the shares and the right to receive dividends on the shares. The RSAs vest over a one -, three -, four -, or five-year period from the date of the grant and are subject to the holder’s continued service through the applicable vesting dates and in accordance with the terms of the individual award agreements. The weighted average value of awards granted per share during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 98 Table of Contents 2023 were $ 16.75 , $ 14.79 , and $ 17.50 , respectively, which were based on the market price per share of the Company’s common stock on the grant dates. The following table presents information about the Company’s RSAs: For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 2023 Compensation cost $ 5,737 $ 4,880 $ 4,437 Dividends declared on unvested RSAs 1,241 1,166 560 Fair value of shares vested during the period 3,779 3,969 3,384 As of December 31, 2025, there was $ 10.6 million of unrecognized compensation costs related to the unvested restricted shares, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 2.7 years. The following table presents information about the Company’s restricted stock activity: For the Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in thousands, except per share amounts) Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value per Share Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value per Share Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value per Share Unvested at beginning of period 989 $ 15.51 492 $ 18.63 396 $ 20.36 Granted 317 16.75 849 14.79 312 17.50 Vested ( 227 ) 16.36 ( 259 ) 18.70 ( 193 ) 20.33 Forfeited ( 9 ) 16.61 ( 93 ) 16.63 ( 23 ) 18.79 Unvested at end of period 1,070 15.69 989 15.51 492 18.63 Performance-based Restricted Stock Units During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company issued target grants of 246,967 , 202,308 , and 186,481 performance-based restricted stock units (“PRSUs”) under the Company’s Equity Incentive Plan to the officers of the Company, respectively. The awards are non-vested restricted stock units where the vesting percentages and the ultimate number of units vesting will be measured 50 % based on the relative total shareholder return (“rTSR”) of the Company’s common stock as compared to the rTSR of peer companies, as identified in the grant agreements, over a three-year period, and 50 % based on the rTSR of the Company’s common stock as compared to the rTSR of the MSCI US REIT Index over a three year measurement period. Vesting percentages range from 0 % to 200 %, with a target of 100 %. rTSR means the percentage appreciation in the fair market value of one share over the three-year measurement period beginning on the date of grant, assuming the reinvestment of dividends on the ex-dividend date. The target number of units is based on achieving a rTSR equal to the 55 th percentile of the peer companies and MSCI US REIT Index. For PRSUs issued during the year ended December 31, 2025 that achieve a percentile rank of at least the 55 th percentile, and the absolute rTSR of the Company is negative for the performance period, the awards will be reduced by 25 %, not to result in a reduction less than target. Dividends accrue during the measurement period and will be paid on the PRSUs ultimately earned at the end of the measurement period in either cash or common stock, at the discretion of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The grant date fair value of the PRSUs was measured using a Monte Carlo simulation model based on assumptions including share price volatility. The following table presents compensation cost recognized on the Company’s performance-based restricted stock units: For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 2023 Compensation cost $ 3,860 $ 2,475 $ 1,922 As of December 31, 2025, there was $ 5.2 million of unrecognized compensation costs related to the unvested PRSUs, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of 1.9 years. 99 Table of Contents The following table presents information about the Company’s performance-based restricted stock unit activity: For the Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in thousands, except per share amounts) Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value per Share Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value per Share Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value per Share Unvested at beginning of period 433 $ 20.90 351 $ 24.90 233 $ 26.27 Granted 247 21.12 202 15.84 186 23.78 Vested ( 74 ) 27.93 ( 88 ) 24.40 — — Forfeited — — ( 32 ) 23.18 ( 68 ) 26.48 Unvested at end of period 606 20.13 433 20.90 351 24.90 14. Earnings per Share The following table summarizes the components used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share (“EPS”): For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands, except per share amounts) 2025 2024 2023 Basic earnings: Net earnings attributable to Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. common shareholders $ 96,495 $ 162,441 $ 155,478 Less: earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares ( 1,241 ) ( 1,166 ) ( 560 ) Net earnings used to compute basic earnings per common share $ 95,254 $ 161,275 $ 154,918 Diluted earnings: Net earnings used to compute basic earnings per common share $ 95,254 $ 161,275 $ 154,918 Add: net earnings attributable to OP Unit holders 4,211 7,548 7,834 Net earnings used to compute diluted earnings per common share $ 99,465 $ 168,823 $ 162,752 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding 189,181 188,378 187,101 Less: weighted average unvested restricted shares (a) ( 1,058 ) ( 924 ) ( 484 ) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding used in basic earnings per common share 188,123 187,454 186,617 Add: effects of restricted stock units (b) 1,066 378 291 Add: effects of convertible OP Units (c) 8,384 8,787 9,407 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding used in diluted earnings per common share 197,573 196,619 196,315 Basic earnings per share $ 0.51 $ 0.86 $ 0.83 Diluted earnings per share $ 0.50 $ 0.86 $ 0.83 (a) Represents the weighted average effects of 1,070,301 , 988,555 , and 492,046 unvested restricted shares of common stock as of December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, which will be excluded from the computation of earnings per share until they vest. (b) Represents the weighted average effects of shares of common stock to be issued as though the end of the period were the end of the performance period (see Note 13). (c) Represents the weighted average effects of 8,295,768 , 8,645,793 , and 8,927,736 OP Units outstanding at December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 100 Table of Contents 15. Income Taxes For federal income tax purposes, distributions to stockholders are characterized as ordinary dividends, capital gain distributions, or return of capital distributions. Return of capital distributions will reduce stockholders’ basis in their shares, but not below zero. The portion of the distribution that exceeds the adjusted basis of the stock will be treated as gain from the sale or exchange of property. The following table shows the character of the distributions the Company paid on a percentage basis: For the Year Ended December 31, Character of Distributions 2025 2024 2023 Ordinary dividends 52 % 62 % 70 % Capital gain distributions — % — % 21 % Return of capital distributions 48 % 38 % 9 % 100 % 100 % 100 % 16. Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures The following table summarizes the Company’s supplemental cash flow information: For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosures: Cash paid for interest $ 80,250 $ 73,674 $ 77,147 Cash paid (refunded) for income taxes 1,119 ( 461 ) 310 Non-cash activities: Issuance and conversion of OP Units to common stock (a) 5,514 4,544 21,235 Dividends declared not yet paid 59,513 58,317 56,869 Reclassifications from Property under development to Buildings and improvements and Land improvements of development properties 53,303 184,676 — Reclassification of operating lease to sales-type lease 14,408 — — Original issuers discount related to 2032 Senior Unsecured Public Notes 5,159 — — (a) See Note 10. 17. Commitments and Contingencies Litigation From time to time, the Company is a party to various litigation matters incidental to the conduct of the Company’s business. While the resolution of such matters cannot be predicted with certainty, based on currently available information, the Company does not believe that the final outcome of any of these matters will have a material effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. Property and Acquisition Related In connection with ownership and operation of real estate, the Company may potentially be liable for costs and damages related to environmental matters. The Company is not aware of any non-compliance, liability, claim, or other environmental condition that would have a material effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations, or liquidity. As of December 31, 2025, the Company has commitments to fund 11 build-to-suit transactions with remaining obligations of $ 192.3 million expected to fund in multiple draws through November 2026, using a combination of available cash on hand and Revolving Credit Facility borrowings. Rent is contractually scheduled to commence when the properties reach substantial completion and are made available for use by the tenant, which is expected to occur at various dates between April 2025 and November 2026. The Company is a party to two separate tax protection agreements with the contributing members of two distinct UPREIT transactions and a third tax protection agreement entered into in connection with the Company’s internalization. The tax protection agreements require the Company to indemnify the beneficiaries in the event of a sale, exchange, transfer, or other disposal of the contributed property, and in the case of the tax protection agreement entered into in connection with 101 Table of Contents the Company’s internalization, the entire Company, in a taxable transaction that would cause such beneficiaries to recognize a gain that is protected under the agreements, subject to certain exceptions. The Company is required to allocate an amount of nonrecourse liabilities to each beneficiary that is at least equal to the minimum liability amount, as contained in the agreements. The minimum liability amount and the associated allocation of nonrecourse liabilities are calculated in accordance with applicable tax regulations, are completed at the OP level, and are not probable. Therefore, there is no impact to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Based on values as of December 31, 2025, taxable sales of the applicable properties would trigger liability under the agreements of approximately $ 20.4 million. Based on information available, the Company does not believe that the events resulting in damages as detailed above have occurred or are likely to occur in the foreseeable future. In the normal course of business, the Company enters into various types of commitments to purchase real estate properties. These commitments are generally subject to the Company’s customary due diligence process and, accordingly, a number of specific conditions must be met before the Company is obligated to purchase the properties. Obligations Under Operating and Finance Leases As described in Note 2, the Company is a lessee under non-cancelable operating and finance leases associated with its corporate headquarters and other office spaces as well as ground leases. The Company’s obligations under leases primarily consist of a lease for the Company’s corporate office space, which expires in October 2033 and was determined to be an operating lease. The lease contains two five-year extension options, exercisable at the Company’s discretion, that are not reasonably certain to be exercised, and are therefore excluded from our calculation of the lease liability. The remaining lease obligations primarily consist of ground leases that, in accordance with the terms of our leases, are typically required to be reimbursed by our tenants. The Company remains primarily responsible for ground leases in the event a tenant is unable to pay. The weighted average discount rate on our operating and finance leases is 8.4 %. The weighted average years remaining on our operating and finance lease liabilities is 27.2 years. The following table summarizes the total lease costs associated with operating and finance leases: (in thousands) Financial Statement Presentation For the Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Operating lease costs: Office leases General and administrative $ 1,006 $ 1,010 Ground leases Property and operating expense 154 141 Ground leases - development properties Property under development 199 — Variable lease costs - ground leases Property and operating expense 54 60 Financing lease costs: Amortization of right-of-use assets Depreciation and amortization 50 — Interest expense on lease liabilities Interest expense 248 — Total lease cost $ 1,711 $ 1,211 The following table summarizes payments associated with obligations under operating and finance leases reported as net cash provided by operating activities on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows: For the Year Ended December 31, (in thousands) 2025 2024 Operating lease payments $ 1,376 $ 1,025 Financing lease payments 200 — Total $ 1,576 $ 1,025 102 Table of Contents At December 31, 2025, minimum future rental payments due from the Company for operating and finance leases over the next five years and thereafter are as follows: (in thousands) Operating Leases Financing Leases 2026 $ 1,306 $ 218 2027 1,251 218 2028 1,134 218 2029 1,174 238 2030 1,202 245 Thereafter 14,632 18,061 Total undiscounted lease payments 20,699 19,198 Present value adjustment for remaining lease payments ( 11,119 ) ( 16,468 ) Total lease liability $ 9,580 $ 2,729 18. Subsequent Events On January 15, 2026, the Company paid distributions totaling $ 57.9 million. On February 13, 2026, the Board of Directors declared a quarterly distribution of $ 0.2925 per share on the Company’s common stock and OP Units for the first quarter of 2025, which will be payable on or before April 15, 2026 to stockholders and unit holders of record as of March 31, 2026. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, the Company paid down $ 70.0 million, and borrowed $ 94.0 million on the Revolving Credit Facility, the proceeds of which were used to fund investments and for other general corporate purposes. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, the Company acquired approximately $ 2.0 million of land to be developed in connection with a $ 12.4 million build-to-suit transaction (see Note 3), invested $ 20.8 million in seven build-to-suit developments, and $ 20.0 million in other assets related to real estate investments. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, the Company sold one property with an aggregate carrying value of approximately $ 4.1 million for total proceeds of $ 12.1 million. The Company incurred additional expenses related to the sale of approximately $ 1.0 million, resulting in a gain on sale of real estate of approximately $ 7.0 million. Subsequent to quarter end, the Company sold, on a forward basis, 1,676,000 shares of common stock at a weighted average price per share of $ 18.63 for estimated net proceeds of approximately $ 30.5 million under the ATM Program, none of which has been settled. These sales may be settled, at our discretion, at any time prior to December 31, 2026. 103 Table of Contents Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. and Subsidiaries Schedule III – Real Estate Assets and Accumulated Depreciation As of December 31, 2025 (in thousands) Initial Costs to Company (a) Costs Capitalized Subsequent to Acquisition Gross Amount at Which Carried at Close of Period Life on Which Depreciation is Computed (Years) Property Type Encumbrance Land Buildings and Improvements Land Improvements Land Buildings and Improvements Total (b) Accumulated Depreciation Date of Construction Date Acquired Industrial Manufacturing $ — $ 134,349 $ 804,315 $ — $ 14,927 $ 134,349 $ 819,242 $ 953,591 $ 130,128 1932-2025 2011-2025 15 - 39 Distribution & Warehouse — 125,241 934,874 4,510 34,436 129,751 969,310 1,099,061 118,470 1929-2021 2012-2025 15 - 39 Food Processing — 56,053 592,428 — 57,432 56,053 649,860 705,913 85,334 1907-2022 2012-2025 15 - 39 Flex and R&D 41,393 51,864 169,942 — 2,584 51,864 172,526 224,390 43,028 1973-2018 2013-2019 15 - 39 Cold Storage — 12,599 143,601 — 68 12,599 143,669 156,268 27,470 1933-2017 2017-2018 7 - 39 Services — 61,109 79,936 — 3,680 61,109 83,616 144,725 15,366 1960-2022 2011-2024 15 - 39 In-Process Development — — 252,532 — — — 252,532 252,532 — Retail General Merchandise 15,324 107,960 439,711 — 2,560 107,960 442,271 550,231 50,219 1984-2025 2016-2025 15 - 39 Casual Dining — 78,185 255,422 — 12 78,185 255,434 333,619 58,179 1972-2014 2011-2024 15 - 39 Quick Service Restaurants — 57,346 238,220 197 2,705 57,543 240,925 298,468 68,162 1965-2025 2009-2025 15 - 39 Automotive — 32,424 113,350 — 74 32,424 113,424 145,848 28,640 1909-2021 2014-2024 7 - 39 Animal Services — 15,943 111,107 — 2,920 15,943 114,027 129,970 23,965 1954-2017 2015-2021 15 - 39 Home Furnishings — 3,625 90,644 — 981 3,625 91,625 95,250 22,097 1974-2014 2017-2018 15 - 39 Healthcare Services — 11,162 62,332 — 250 11,162 62,582 73,744 13,852 1965-2020 2009-2021 15 - 39 Education — 3,841 31,105 — 165 3,841 31,270 35,111 5,205 1996-2022 2017-2022 15 - 39 Untenanted — 499 2,401 — — 499 2,401 2,900 19 2022 2023 15 - 39 In-Process Development — — 11,124 — — — 11,124 11,124 — Other Office — 18,147 191,380 — 22,185 18,147 213,565 231,712 58,558 1975-2012 2012-2022 7 - 39 Clinical & Surgical — 5,822 101,015 241 175 6,063 101,190 107,253 23,897 1970-2018 2012-2022 15 - 39 Development & Acquisitions in Process (c) — — 2,483 — — — 2,483 2,483 — Total (d) $ 56,717 $ 776,169 $ 4,627,922 $ 4,948 $ 145,154 $ 781,117 $ 4,773,076 $ 5,554,193 $ 772,589 (a) The initial cost to the Company represents the original purchase price of the property (see Note 3). (b) The aggregate cost of real estate owned as of December 31, 2025 for U.S. federal income tax purposes was approximately $ 5.5 billion. (c) Acquisition costs in progress represents costs incurred during the year ended December 31, 2025 related to asset acquisitions expected to close during the year ending December 31, 2026. (d) This schedule excludes properties subject to leases that are classified as direct financing leases, sales-type leases, as well as the value of right-of-use assets recorded on certain of the properties where the Company is lessee under a ground lease. 104 Table of Contents For the Year Ended December 31, Change in Total Real Estate Assets 2025 2024 2023 Balance, beginning of period $ 4,986,116 $ 4,983,660 $ 5,008,230 Acquisitions, developments, and improvements 723,840 392,793 167,089 Dispositions ( 118,048 ) ( 358,944 ) ( 154,907 ) Impairment ( 37,715 ) ( 31,393 ) ( 36,752 ) Balance, end of period $ 5,554,193 $ 4,986,116 $ 4,983,660 For the Year Ended December 31, Change in Accumulated Depreciation 2025 2024 2023 Balance, beginning of period $ 672,478 $ 626,597 $ 533,965 Acquisitions and building improvements 128,745 122,949 122,778 Dispositions ( 17,319 ) ( 70,114 ) ( 24,547 ) Impairment ( 11,315 ) ( 6,954 ) ( 5,599 ) Balance, end of period $ 772,589 $ 672,478 $ 626,597 105 Table of Contents Item 9.Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. None. Item 9A.Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act), that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and were operating at a reasonable assurance level. Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. The effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 106 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the stockholders and the Board of Directors of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2025, of the Company and our report dated February 19, 2026, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Deloitte & Touche LLP Rochester, New York February 19, 2026 107 Table of Contents Item 9B.Other Information. During the three months ended December 31, 2025, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non- Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. Item 9C.Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. 108 Table of Contents Part III. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance. The information required by this Item will be included in the definitive proxy statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Company will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than 120 days after the end of the Company’s 2025 fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 11.Executive Compensation. The information required by this Item will be included in the definitive proxy statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Company will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than 120 days after the end of the Company’s 2025 fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 12.Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management. The information required by this Item will be included in the definitive proxy statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Company will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than 120 days after the end of the Company’s 2025 fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 13.Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence. The information required by this Item will be included in the definitive proxy statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Company will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than 120 days after the end of the Company’s 2025 fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 14.Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The information required by this Item will be included in the definitive proxy statement and is incorporated herein by reference. The Company will file such definitive proxy statement with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A no later than 120 days after the end of the Company’s 2025 fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 109 Table of Contents PART IV. Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. Financial Statements See Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Financial Statement Schedules See Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. All other schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or because the required information is shown in the financial statements or the notes thereto. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. None. Index to Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed April 24, 2017 and incorporated by reference) 3.2 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 18, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 3.3 Articles Supplementary to Articles of Incorporation of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 18, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 3.4 Articles of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 18, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 3.5 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Corporation’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 8, 2023 and incorporated by reference) 3.6 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 25, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 4.1 Description of the Company’s Securities (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 23, 2022, and incorporated by reference) 4.2 Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of the Guarantee (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 15, 2021, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee, including the form of the Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 15, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 4.4 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2025, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee, including the form of the Notes (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 26, 2025 and incorporated by reference) 110 Table of Contents 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Operating Agreement of Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, dated September 21, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 21, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 10.2 Director Compensation and Stock Ownership Policy, effective as of May 5, 2022 (filed as Exhibit 10.2 of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 23, 2023, and incorporated by reference) 10.3 Form of Indemnification Agreement, between Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. and each of its officers and directors (filed as Exhibit 10.25 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed April 24, 2017 and incorporated by reference) 10.4 Note and Guaranty Agreement, dated March 16, 2017, for 4.84% Guaranteed Senior Notes due April 18, 2027, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, and the purchasers party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.23 to the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed April 24, 2017 and incorporated by reference) 10.5 Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2017, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 29, 2017, and incorporated by reference) 10.6 Consent and Agreement Regarding Commitment Increases and Additional Term Loans, dated as of November 20, 2017, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed November 27, 2017, and incorporated by reference) 10.7 First Amendment Regarding Commitment Increases, dated February 28, 2019, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company and the other parties thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 5, 2019, and incorporated by reference) 10.8 Second Amendment to Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2019, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, and other parties thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 3, 2019, and incorporated by reference) 10.9 Third Amendment to Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of September 21, 2020, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, and other parties thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 21, 2020, and incorporated by reference) 10.10 Fourth Amendment to Revolving Credit and Term Loan Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2022, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, and other parties thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2022 and incorporated by reference) 10.11 Note and Guaranty Agreement, dated July 2, 2018, for 5.09% Series B Guaranteed Senior Notes due July 2, 2028 and 5.19% Series C Guaranteed Senior Notes due July 2, 2030, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, and the purchasers party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 6, 2018, and incorporated by reference) 111 Table of Contents 10.12 Term Loan Agreement, dated February 7, 2020, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and the other lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 7, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 10.13 Guaranty, dated February 7, 2020, by Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 7, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 10.14 Amendment No.1 to Term Loan Agreement, dated September 21, 2020, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, JP Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the other lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 21, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 10.15 Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of February 28 , 202 5 , by and among, Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 3, 2025 and incorporated by reference) 10.16 Guaranty, dated February 28, 202 5 , by Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. in favor of JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 3 , 202 5 and incorporated by reference) 10.17* Amendment No.1 to Amended and Restated Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2025, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, and the lenders party thereto 10.18 Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2022, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Regions Bank, as administrative agent, and the lender parties thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 3, 2022 and incorporated by reference) 10.19 First Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2025, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Regions Bank, as administrative agent, and the lender parties thereto (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 3, 2025 and incorporated by reference) 10.20* Second Amendment to Term Loan Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2025, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Regions Bank, as administrative agent, and the lender parties thereto 10.21 Guaranty, dated August 1, 2022, by Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. in favor of Regions Bank (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 3, 2022 and incorporated by reference) 10.22 Tax Protection Agreement, dated February 7, 2020, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, and the persons named therein (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 7, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 10.23 Registration Rights Agreement, dated February 7, 2020, between Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. and the persons named therein (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 7, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 112 Table of Contents 10.24+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective February 7, 2020, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Broadstone Employee Sub, LLC, and John D. Moragne (filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 7, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 10.25+ First Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 10, 2023 and effective February 28, 2023, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Broadstone Employee Sub, LLC, and John D. Moragne (filed as Exhibit 10.30 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2023 and incorporated by reference) 10.26+ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, effective February 7, 2020, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Broadstone Employee Sub, LLC, and Ryan M. Albano (filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 7, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 10.27+ First Amendment to Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 10, 2023 and effective February 28, 2023, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Broadstone Employee Sub, LLC, and Ryan M. Albano (filed as Exhibit 10.32 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2023 and incorporated by reference) 10.28+ Severance Protection Agreement, dated January 10, 2023 and effective February 28, 2023, by and among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC, Broadstone Employee Sub, LLC, and Kevin M. Fennell (filed as Exhibit 10.33 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 4, 2023 and incorporated by reference) 10.29+ Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan, dated August 4, 2020 (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 4, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 10.30+ Form of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Award Agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 4, 2020 and incorporated by reference) 10.31+ Form of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2021 Form) (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed May 5, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 10.32+ Form of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2022 Form) (filed as Exhibit 10.37 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 22, 2024 and incorporated by reference) 10.33+ Form of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. 2020 Omnibus Equity and Incentive Plan Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (2024 Form) (filed as Exhibit 10.38 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 22, 2024 and incorporated by reference) 10.34+ Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. Change in Control Severance Protection Policy (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed August 4, 2022 and incorporated by reference) 113 Table of Contents 10.35 Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of August 23, 2021, among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC and the managers, forward sellers and forward purchasers party thereto (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed August 24, 2021 and incorporated by reference) 10.36 Amendment No. 1 to the Equity Distribution Agreement, dated as of May 3, 2024, among Broadstone Net Lease, Inc., Broadstone Net Lease, LLC and the managers, forward sellers and forward purchasers party thereto (filed as Exhibit 1.7 to the Corporation’s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (333-279115) filed May 3, 2024 and incorporated by reference) 19.1 Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. Insider Trading Policy (filed as Exhibit 19.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 20, 2025 and incorporated by reference) 21.1 List of Subsidiaries of Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. 23.1* Consent of Deloitte & Touche LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1*† Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2*† Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 97.1+ Broadstone Net Lease, Inc. Compensation Clawback Policy (filed as Exhibit 97.1 to the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 22, 2024 and incorporated by reference) 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) * Filed herewith. + Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. † In accordance with Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is not deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 114 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. BROADSTONE NET LEASE, INC. Date: February 19, 2026 /s/ John D. Moragne John D. Moragne Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Date: February 19, 2026 /s/ Laurie A. Hawkes Laurie A. Hawkes Chairman of the Board of Directors Date: February 19, 2026 /s/ John D. Moragne John D. Moragne Director, Chief Executive Officer Date: February 19, 2026 /s/ Michael A. Coke Michael A. Coke Director Date: February 19, 2026 /s/ Jessica Duran Jessica Duran Director Date: February 19, 2026 /s/ Laura Felice Laura Felice Director Date: February 19, 2026 /s/ Richard Imperiale Richard Imperiale Director Date: February 19, 2026 /s/ David M. Jacobstein David M. Jacobstein Director Date: February 19, 2026 /s/ Joseph Saffire Joseph Saffire Director Date: February 19, 2026 /s/ James H. Watters James H. Watters Director Date: February 19, 2026 /s/ Kevin M. Fennell Kevin M. Fennell Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: February 19, 2026 /s/ Jennie O’Brien Jennie O’Brien Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer 115

