TICKER: BTBT
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain; potential losses
of personnel; and BTC halving events. ● Regulatory, legal and policy risks: Extensive evolving U.S. and foreign laws and policies applicable to digital assets, custody, staking, market structure, sanctions/AML, securities and commodities regulation, and tax treatment (including our classification as a PFIC); possible conflicting or extraterritorial regulations potential investigations and litigation. ● Power and infrastructure risks: Dependence on
access to reliable, low-cost electricity and hosting; utility rate structures, curtailments, grid constraints, weather events; environmental
and energy policy developments affecting proof-of-work mining. ● Financing, liquidity capital markets and market access
    risks: Dilution associated with equity offerings; exchange listing requirements and compliance; constrained access to
    banking or capital markets for digital asset-related; debt, liens and collateral arrangements. ● Accounting, financial reporting and internal control risks: Evolving accounting for digital assets and fair value measurements; potential impairment charges; auditor transitions; internal control considerations. ● Strategic, counterparty and competition risks: Our strategic exposure to ETH; we operate in a highly competitive industry; dependence on a limited number of counterparties. ● Technology, equipment and supply chain risks: Rapid
    technological change and equipment obsolescence; dependence on immersion cooling systems and other specialized infrastructure. ● Cybersecurity, data privacy and intellectual property risks: Cybersecurity incidents may compromise systems; intellectual property disputes or alleged infringements could disrupt our business; accounting for digital assets and fair value measurements; potential impairment charges; auditor transitions; internal control considerations. The summary above is qualified in its entirety
by the more complete

--- VENDORS ---
vendors. WhiteFiber can also design its facilities to accommodate the higher heat loads
generated by modern GPUs, potentially shortening deployment timelines for customers who require rapid expansion of their computing infrastructure.
From a financial standpoint, WhiteFiber’s vertically integrated solution allows it to capture additional margin for both its data
center and cloud services businesses, avoiding expenses that would otherwise be due to third-party providers. 13 Colocation/Data center services WhiteFiber designs, develops, and operates data
centers, through which it offers its hosting and colocation services. WhiteFiber’s operational data centers meet the requirements
of the Tier-3 standard, including N+1 redundancy architecture, concurrent maintainability, uninterruptible power supply, advanced and
highly reliable cooling systems, strict monitoring and management systems, 99.982% uptime and no more than 1.6 hours of downtime annually,
service organization control, SOC 2 Type 2, differentiated software supporting AI workloads, high density and robust bandwidth, and infrastructure
to support AI workloads. Based on their collective industry experience,
WhiteFiber’s data center team is adept at bringing new sites online on an accelerated timeline. WhiteFiber is aggressively pursuing
its development pipeline and intends to achieve an estimated 76 MW (gross) of total data center capacity by the end of the fourth quarter
of 2026, a target that is underpinned by assets including its MTL-2, MTL-3, and NC-1 facilities. As of December 31, 2025, its pipeline
of potential data center projects represents approximately 1,500 MW (gross) under management review. WhiteFiber follows a disciplined
process prioritizing projects that are backed by customer lease commitments. In select cases, WhiteFiber may pursue early-stage acquisitions
based on strong customer demand signals and defined commercialization pathways. Accordingly, the foregoing timelines and capacities are
subject to change based on many factors, many of which are outside of WhiteFiber’s control. WhiteFiber uses a well-defined set of criteria
to select its data center sites. WhiteFiber typically targets sites with proximity to metro areas and partial infrastructure in place,
where it is retrofitting rather than developing greenfield projects. Metropolitan areas are positioned for low-latency to address long-term,
specialized AI computer inference needs, and smaller sites reduce risks. A retrofit entails sourcing and acquiring an existing industrial
building with underutilized, in-place power connectivity. The period of time from when a site is purchased until construction can begin
varies from location to location depending upon, among other things, obtaining required permits and the availability of construction
supplies and contractors. Average build time for retrofits is intended to be approximately six months from commencement of construction,
which we believe is approximately one-third to one-half of the industry average development timeline for greenfield projects. This average
building time is based upon senior management’s experience at Enovum prior to its acquisition by WhiteFiber, as well as their experience
prior to Enovum. WhiteFiber also prioritizes sites offering opportunities to increase site power over time, enabling its data centers
to grow with customer demand. In addition, WhiteFiber selectively targets certain larger opportunities with 50 MW (gross) of power or
more, subject to customer demand, to drive AI-driven compute super-clusters. Finally, WhiteFiber prioritizes sites powered by sustainable,
green energy sources and locked-in power when available. Additionally, to enhance sustainability of certain WhiteFiber data center projects,
WhiteFiber is undertaking heat repurposing projects in connection with sustainability and commercial and residential projects. On October 11, 2024, WhiteFiber acquired Enovum Data Centers Corp (“Enovum”).
The transaction included the lease of MTL-1, our 4 MW (gross) Tier-3 high-performance computing (“HPC”) data center in Montreal,
Canada, which was fully operational and fully leased to customers at the time of acquisition. On December 27, 2024, WhiteFiber acquired the real estate and building
for a build-to-suit 5 MW (gross) Tier-3 data center expansion project near Montreal, Canada, which it refers to as “MTL-2”.
MTL-2, a 160,000 square foot site that was previously used as an encapsulation

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials or building
supplies, or lack of availability and/or increased costs for specialized data center components, including long lead time items such
as generators; ● construction site accidents and other casualties; ● financing availability, including our ability to obtain construction
financing and permanent financing, or increases in interest rates or credit spreads; ● labor availability, costs, disputes and work stoppages with
contractors, subcontractors or others that are constructing the project; ● failure of contractors to perform on a timely basis or at
all, or other misconduct on the part of contractors; ● access to sufficient power and related costs of providing
such power to our customers; ● environmental issues; ● supply chain constraints; ● fire, flooding, earthquakes and other natural disasters; ● pandemics; ● geological, construction, excavation and equipment problems;
and ● delays or denials of entitlements or permits, including zoning
and related permits, or other delays resulting from requirements of public agencies and utility companies, including as a result of local
community resistance or protests in response to the development of new data centers. 39 In addition, development activities, regardless
of whether they are ultimately successful, also typically require a substantial portion of management’s time and attention. This
may distract WhiteFiber’s management from focusing on other operational activities of our business. If WhiteFiber is unable to
complete development projects successfully and on a timely basis, its business may be adversely affected. WhiteFiber’s ongoing investment in
retrofitting data centers involves infrastructure and technologies which is inherently risky, and could divert management attention and
harm its business, financial condition, and operating results. WhiteFiber’s ongoing investments that it
is making in infrastructure, research and development augment its data center capabilities, reflect WhiteFiber’s ongoing efforts
to innovate and provide products and services that are helpful to its customers. However, these investments may not be commercially viable
or may not result in an adequate return of capital. These endeavors involve significant risks and uncertainties, including diversion
of resources and management attention from current operations, different monetization models, and the use of alternative investment,
governance, or compensation structures that may fail to adequately align incentives across WhiteFiber or otherwise accomplish their objectives. Even if this additional space available
for lease at any one of its data centers, its ability to lease this space to existing or new customers could be constrained by its ability
to provide sufficient electrical power. As current and future customers increase their
power footprint in WhiteFiber’s data centers over time, the corresponding reduction in available power could limit WhiteFiber’s
ability to increase occupancy rates or network density within WhiteFiber’s existing or future data centers. Furthermore, WhiteFiber’s
aggregate maximum contractual obligation to provide power and cooling to its customers may exceed the physical capacity at such data
centers if customers were to quickly increase their demand for power and cooling. If WhiteFiber is not able to increase the available
power and/or cooling or move the customer to another location within its data centers with sufficient power and cooling to meet such
demand, it could lose the customer, as well as be exposed to liability under our customer agreements. In addition, our power and cooling
systems are difficult and expensive to upgrade. Accordingly, WhiteFiber may not be able to efficiently upgrade or change these systems
to meet new demands without incurring significant costs that it may not be able to pass on to our customers. Any such material loss of
customers, liability or additional costs could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 40 If WhiteFiber fails to effectively manage
its growth, its business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. WhiteFiber is a development stage company with
a small management team and is subject to the strains of ongoing development and growth, which will place significant demands on its
management and its operational and financial infrastructure. Although WhiteFiber may not grow as it expects, if it fails to manage its
growth effectively or to develop and expand its managerial, operational and financial resources and systems, its business and financial
results would be materially harmed. Impact of advancements in AI on demand
for AI and WhiteFiber data centers may reduce the need for HPCs and AI-specific data center infrastructure, which could have an adverse
effect on WhiteFiber’s business, results of operations, and financial condition. The AI industry is rapidly evolving, with continuous
improvements in algorithms, software efficiencies, and hardware capabilities. Emerging AI technologies, such as demonstrated by DeepSeek,
may allow for complex AI operations to be executed with significantly less computing power than is currently required. This reduction
in computational intensity could decrease the demand for specialized computing and HPC data center services. If AI developers are able
to achieve the same or better performance outcomes with more energy-efficient, cost-effective, or less resource-intensive technologies,
they may adjust their need for large-scale, high capacity data center solutions. This shift could have an adverse effect on WhiteFiber’s
business, results of operations, and financial condition. We continuously monitor industry trends and invest in innovation to mitigate
these risks. However, there is no assurance that we will be able to anticipate or respond effectively to such changes, which could have
an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition. WhiteFiber’s customers frequently
make advance payments based on anticipated future usage. In its cloud service business, customers often make advance payments
as deposits for future usage of our services. If we are unable to meet the contract requirements or deliver GPU clusters to their satisfaction
for any reason, we may be obligated to refund these deposits. In its colocation Data Center Hosting Business,
customers typically pay a month in advance based on their projected demand. If WhiteFiber is unable to provide the services as expected
for any reason, it would be required to issue a credit or refund the difference to the customer. Any such refunds or issuances of credit
could have an adverse effect on its business, results of operations, and financial condition. Dependence on joint ventures and other
local partners could adversely affect WhiteFiber’s profits. WhiteFiber intends to conduct some operations
through joint ventures in which unaffiliated third parties may control or have significant influence on the operations of the joint venture.
As with any joint venture arrangement, differences in views among the joint venture participants may result in the joint venture operating
in a manner that is contrary to WhiteFiber’s preference, delayed decisions or in failures to agree on major issues. These factors
could have a material adverse effect on the business and results of operations of its joint ventures and, in turn, its business and combined
results of operations. In addition to joint ventures, WhiteFiber may rely on local third-party partners in foreign jurisdiction, as it
does in Iceland, to provide various services in support of its cloud services and HPC data center businesses, including installation,
service and technical support, as well as the provision of equipment and personnel. If a local partner is unwilling or unable to deliver
its services for any reason including, but not limited to, a dispute with WhiteFiber, the deterioration of its financial condition or
a loss of personnel, WhiteFiber may be unable to engage an alternative partner or subcontractors to perform the same services, or on
terms substantially similar to those with its existing partners. The failure to do so may cause us to breach the terms of existing contracts,
impede WhiteFiber’s ability to complete orders, and/or result in damage to our customer relationships in that jurisdiction, any
of which may damage WhiteFiber’s reputation and have a material adverse effect on its business in the impacted jurisdiction. 41 WhiteFiber’s operations may be negatively
affected if it is unable to obtain, develop and retain key personnel and skilled labor forces. WhiteFiber must attract, develop and retain executive
officers and other professional, technical and labor forces with the skills and experience necessary to successfully manage, operate
and grow. WhiteFiber has recently hired certain key personnel, as well as the management team of Enovum. However, competition for these
employees is high, due, in part, to the nascent HPC Business workforce. In some cases, competition for these employees is on a regional,
national, or global basis. At times of low unemployment, it may be difficult for WhiteFiber to attract and retain qualified and affordable
personnel. A shortage in the supply of skilled personnel creates competitive hiring markets, increased labor expenses, decreased productivity
and potentially lost business opportunities to support WhiteFiber’s operating and growth strategies. Additionally, if WhiteFiber
is unable to hire employees with the requisite skills, it may be forced to incur significant training expenses. As a result, WhiteFiber’s
ability to maintain productivity, relationships with customers, competitive costs, and quality services is limited by the ability to
employ, retain and train the necessary skilled personnel and could negatively affect its results of operations, financial position and
cash flows. WhiteFiber faces intense competition in
its data centers operations and may not be able to compete with other companies. If WhiteFiber does not continue to innovate in the design
and management of data centers in order to offer innovative solutions to store, process and manage digital information, including artificial
intelligence (“AI”) and machine learning (“ML”) applications, to its customers and partners, it may not remain
competitive, which could harm its business, financial condition, data centers and operating results. WhiteFiber may not be able to compete successfully
against present or future competitors. WhiteFiber does not have the capital resources to compete with larger providers of similar data
centers at this time. WhiteFiber’s data centers business environment is rapidly evolving and intensely competitive, and it faces
frequent introductions of rival solutions and new technologies. To compete successfully, WhiteFiber must, among other things, accurately
anticipate data center technology developments and innovate data centers’ design, management and technologies in a timely manner.
As its data centers business evolves, the competitive pressure to innovate will encompass a wider range of technologies and solutions.
WhiteFiber must continue to invest significant resources in personnel, technical infrastructure and R&D, including through acquisitions,
in order to advance/innovate its data centers. With the limited resources WhiteFiber has available, it may experience difficulties in
expanding and improving its data centers. Competition from existing and future competitors, particularly those better capitalized, could
result in its inability to secure acquisitions and partnerships that it may need to expand its data centers business in the future. This
competition from other entities with greater resources, experience and reputation may result in WhiteFiber’s failure to maintain
or expand its data center business, as it may never be able to successfully execute its business plan. If WhiteFiber is unable to expand
and remain competitive, its business could be negatively affected, which would have an adverse effect on the trading price of WhiteFiber
Ordinary Shares, which would harm its investors. Supply chain disruptions may adversely
affect WhiteFiber’s new project development. WhiteFiber is a provider of GPUs compute and
purchases NVIDA H100, H200, B200, GB200 servers, as well as other servers, through OEMS, for example, Super Micro Computer Inc®,
Dell, and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Disruptions, shortages or delays in WhiteFiber’s ability to source GPUs and price increases
from suppliers may occur, and adversely affect WhiteFiber’s planned expansions and new project timelines. Any material disruption
at WhiteFiber’s facilities or those of its customers or suppliers or otherwise within its supply chain, whether as a result of
downtime, work stoppages or facility damage could prevent WhiteFiber from meeting future customer demands or expected timelines, require
it to incur unplanned capital expenditures, or cause other material disruptions to its operations, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on WhiteFiber’s future operations, financial position and cash flows. Further, supply chain disruptions can occur
from events out of WhiteFiber’s control, such as environmental incidents or other catastrophes. 42 WhiteFiber’s business has and is
expected to continue to have significant customer concentration. WhiteFiber generates a large portion of its revenue
from a small number of customers. There are inherent risks whenever a large percentage of total revenue is concentrated with a limited
number of customers. If WhiteFiber were to lose one or more of its customers, its operating results could be materially adversely affected. As of December 31, 2025, WhiteFiber’s data
center served fifteen customers. No one customer accounted for in excess of 50% of data center revenue in the 12 months ended December
31, 2025 or 2024. During fiscal year 2023, 12 customers accounted for all of WhiteFiber’s revenue. During 2025, WhiteFiber’s
HPC data center in Iceland had contracts with twenty one customers. DNA Fund accounted for approximately 11.5% of cloud services revenue during the 12 months ended December 31,
2025. WhiteFiber did not generate any revenue from DNA Fund in 2024. WhiteFiber’s Initial Customer accounted for approximately 70.7%
of cloud services revenue during the 12 months ended December 31, 2025 and 96.6% of cloud services revenues through December 31,
2024. As of the report date, WhiteFiber and the Initial Customer are engaged in ongoing discussions regarding a potential resolution of
the existing service agreements following the agreed pause of services. No definitive agreement has been reached. Following the service
pause, WhiteFiber has redeployed the GPUs previously allocated to the Initial Customer to three other customers. Based on WhiteFiber’s
current customer mix and contracted capacity for 2026, a limited number of customers are expected to represent a significant portion of
cloud services revenue. While WhiteFiber is actively expanding and diversifying its customer base, WhiteFiber’s results may continue
to be influenced by the performance and contractual arrangements of these customers. WhiteFiber expects that the limited number of
customers will continue to account for a high percentage of its revenue for the foreseeable future. In addition, demand for WhiteFiber’s
services generated by these customers may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. The concentration of its customer base increases
risks related to the financial condition of its customers, and the deterioration in financial condition of a single customer or the failure
of a single customer to perform its obligations could have a material adverse effect on its results of operations and cash flow. In the
event that any of WhiteFiber’s customers experience a decline in their equipment usage for any reason, or decide to discontinue
the use of WhiteFiber’s facilities, we may be compelled to lower its prices or risk losing a significant customer. Such developments
could adversely affect WhiteFiber’s profit margins and financial position, leading to a negative impact on its revenue and operational
results. Cloud Service Development Related Risks WhiteFiber’s cloud service technology
and infrastructure may not operate properly or as it expects them to, which could cause WhiteFiber to incur fines and monetary penalties,
adversely affecting its business, results of operations, and financial condition. The continuous development, maintenance, and
operation of WhiteFiber’s cloud service technology and infrastructure is expensive and complex and may involve unforeseen difficulties,
including material performance problems, undetected defects, or errors, particularly with new capabilities and system integrations. WhiteFiber
may encounter technical obstacles, and it is possible that WhiteFiber may discover additional problems that prevent its technology and
systems from operating properly. If WhiteFiber’s cloud services do not function reliably, it may incur fines and monetary penalties,
as well as regulatory orders requiring remedial, injunctive, or other corrective actions. Regulators may limit WhiteFiber’s ability
to develop or implement its cloud services technology and infrastructure and/or may eliminate or restrict the confidentiality of its
technology, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition and results of operations. WhiteFiber’s future success depends on
its ability to continue to develop and implement our cloud services technology, and to maintain the confidentiality of this technology.
Changes to existing regulations, their interpretation or implementation, or new regulations could impede its use of this technology,
or require that WhiteFiber disclose WhiteFiber’s technology to its competitors, which could impair its competitive position and
result in a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, and financial condition. 43 WhiteFiber faces intense competition in
the cloud services industry and may not be able to compete with other companies. If WhiteFiber does not continue to innovate and provide
cloud services to its customers and partners it may not remain competitive, which could harm our business, financial condition, cloud
service and operating results. WhiteFiber’s current and potential domestic
and international competitors range from large and established companies to emerging start-ups. Some competitors have longer operating
histories and well-established relationships in various sectors. They can use their experience and resources in ways that could affect
WhiteFiber’s competitive position, including by making acquisitions and entering into other strategic arrangements; continuing
to invest heavily in cloud services technical infrastructure, R&D, and in talent; initiating intellectual property and competition
claims (whether or not meritorious). Further, discrepancies in enforcement of existing laws may enable WhiteFiber’s lesser known
competitors to aggressively interpret those laws without commensurate scrutiny, thereby affording them competitive advantages. WhiteFiber’s
competitors may also be able to innovate and provide cloud services faster than it can or may foresee the need for products and services
before it does. WhiteFiber is expanding its investment in research
and development companywide. This includes generative AI and continuing to integrate AI capabilities into its products and services.
Cloud service technology and services are highly competitive, rapidly evolving, and require significant investment, including development
and operational costs, to meet the changing needs and expectations of WhiteFiber’s existing users and attract new users. WhiteFiber’s
ability to deploy certain cloud service technologies critical for its products and services and for its business strategy may depend
on the availability and pricing of third-party equipment and technical infrastructure. Additionally, other companies may develop cloud
service products and technologies that are similar or superior to WhiteFiber’s technologies or more cost-effective to deploy. Other
companies have, or in the future may obtain, patents or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit, or interfere with WhiteFiber’s
ability to make, use, or sell its own cloud services. WhiteFiber’s financial condition and operating
results may also suffer if its cloud services are not responsive to the evolving needs and desires of its customers and partners. As
new and existing cloud service technologies continue to develop, competitors and new entrants may be able to offer experiences that are,
or that are seen to be, substantially similar to or better than WhiteFiber’s. These technologies could reduce usage of WhiteFiber’s
products and services, and force it to compete in different ways and expend significant resources to develop and operate equal or better
products and services. Competitors’ success in providing compelling products and services or in attracting and retaining customers
and partners could harm WhiteFiber’s financial condition and operating results. WhiteFiber’s sales cycles can be
long and unpredictable, and its sales efforts require considerable time and expense. WhiteFiber’s go-to-market approach currently
focuses on a top-down sales model to drive demand and pipeline from the large AI labs and AI enterprises. Sales to such customers involves
longer and more unpredictable sales cycles. Customers often view the purchase of WhiteFiber’s platform as a significant strategic
decision and, as a result, frequently require considerable time to evaluate, test, and qualify WhiteFiber’s platform prior to entering
into or expanding a relationship with WhiteFiber. Large enterprises in particular, often undertake a significant evaluation process that
further lengthens our sales cycle. WhiteFiber’s direct sales team develops
relationships with its customers, and works on account penetration, account coordination, sales, and overall market development. WhiteFiber
spends substantial time and resources on its sales efforts without any assurance that its efforts will produce a sale. Cloud infrastructure
capacity purchases are frequently subject to budget constraints, multiple approvals, and unanticipated administrative, processing, and
other delays. As a result, it is difficult to predict whether and when a sale will be completed. The failure of WhiteFiber’s efforts
to secure sales after investing resources in a lengthy sales process would adversely affect its business, operating results, financial
condition, and future prospects. 44 WhiteFiber’s ability to maintain
customer satisfaction depends in part on the quality of its customer support and cloud operations services. Its failure to maintain high-quality
customer support and cloud operations services could have an adverse effect on its business, operating results, financial condition,
and future prospects. WhiteFiber believes that the successful use of
its platform requires a high level of support and engagement for many of its customers. In order to deliver appropriate customer support
and engagement, WhiteFiber must successfully assist its customers in deploying and continuing to use its platform, resolve performance
issues, address interoperability challenges with the customers’ existing IT infrastructure, and respond to security threats and
cyber-attacks and performance and reliability problems that may arise from time to time. Increased demand for customer support and cloud
operations services, without corresponding increases in revenue, could increase its costs and adversely affect its business, operating
results, financial condition, and future prospects. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that WhiteFiber
will be able to hire sufficient support personnel as and when needed, particularly if its sales exceed our internal forecasts. WhiteFiber
expects to increase the number of its customers, and that growth may put additional pressure on its customer support and cloud operations
services teams. WhiteFiber’s customer support and cloud operations services teams may need additional personnel to respond to customer
demand. WhiteFiber may be unable to respond quickly enough to accommodate short-term increases in customer demand for services. To the
extent that WhiteFiber is unsuccessful in hiring, training, and retaining adequate support resources, its ability to provide high-quality
and timely support to its customers will be negatively impacted, and its customers’ satisfaction and their purchase of our infrastructure
could be adversely affected. In addition, as WhiteFiber continues to grow
its operations and expand outside of the United States, need to be able to provide efficient services that meet its customers’
needs globally at scale, and its customer support and cloud operations services teams may face additional challenges, including those
associated with operating the platforms and delivering support, training, and documentation in languages other than English and providing
services across expanded time-zones. If WhiteFiber is unable to provide efficient customer support services globally at scale, its ability
to grow its operations may be harmed, and WhiteFiber may need to hire additional services personnel which could increase its expenses,
and negatively impact its business, financial condition, operating results, and future prospects. The broader adoption, use, and commercialization
of AI technology, and the continued rapid pace of developments in the AI field, are inherently uncertain. Failure by WhiteFiber’s
customers to use its cloud services to support AI use cases in their systems, or its ability to keep up with evolving AI technology requirements
and regulatory frameworks, could have a material adverse effect on WhiteFiber’s business, operating results, financial condition,
and future prospects. As part of WhiteFiber’s growth strategy,
it seeks to attract and acquire customers requiring high-performance computing, such as AI, machine learning, and automated decision-making
technologies, including proprietary AI algorithms and models (collectively, “AI Technologies”). AI has been developing at a rapid pace, and continues
to evolve and change. As demand continues for AI services, AI providers, including our customers, have sought increased compute capacity
to enable advancements in their AI models and service the demands of end users. We cannot predict whether additional computing power
will continue to be required to develop larger, more powerful AI models, or if the practical limits of AI technology will plateau in
the future regardless of available compute capacity. Further, there have been recent advancements in AI technology, including open-source
AI models, that may lead to compute and other efficiencies that may impact the demand for AI services, including our platform, solutions,
and services, which may adversely impact our revenue and profitability. In the event that existing scaling laws do not continue to apply
as they have in the past, demand by our customers for compute resources, including our solutions and services, may not continue to increase
over time, or may decrease if overall demand for AI is impacted by a lack of further technological development. If we are unable to keep
up with the changing AI landscape or in developing services to meet our customers’ evolving AI needs, or if the AI landscape does
not develop to the extent we or our customers expect, our business, operating results, financial condition, and future prospects may
be adversely impacted. 45 Additionally, we may incur significant costs
and experience significant delays in developing new solutions and services or enhancing our current platform to adapt to the changing
AI landscape, and may not achieve a return on investment or capitalize on the opportunities presented by demand for AI solutions. Moreover,
while AI adoption is likely to continue and may accelerate, the long-term trajectory of this technological trend is uncertain. Further,
market acceptance, understanding, and valuation of solutions and services that incorporate AI Technologies are uncertain and the perceived
value of AI Technologies used and/or provided by our customers could be inaccurate. If AI is not broadly adopted by enterprises to the
extent we expect, or if new use cases do not arise, then our opportunity may be smaller than we expect. Further, if the consumer perception
and perceived value of AI Technologies is inaccurate this could have a material adverse effect on our customers, which in turn could
have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and future prospects. Concerns relating to the responsible use by our
customers of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, which are supported by our platform, may result in collateral reputational harm
to us. AI may pose emerging ethical issues and if our platform enables customer solutions that draw controversy due to their perceived
or actual impact on society, we may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability. Furthermore, the rapid pace of innovation in
the field of AI has led to developing and evolving regulatory frameworks globally, which are expected to become increasingly complex
as AI continues to evolve. Regulators and lawmakers around the world have started proposing and adopting, or are currently considering,
regulations and guidance specifically on the use of AI. Regulations related to AI Technologies have been introduced in the United States
at the federal level and are also enacted and advancing at the state level. Additional regulations may impact our customers’ ability
to develop, use and commercialize AI Technologies, which would impact demand for our platform, solutions, and services and may affect
our business, operating results, financial condition, and future prospects. AI and related industries, including cloud services,
are under increasing scrutiny from regulators due to their concerns about market concentration, anti-competitive practices, and the pace
of partnerships and acquisitions involving generative AI startups. As the industry continues to grow, transactions and business conduct
will likely continue to draw scrutiny from regulators. Our customers may become subject to further AI regulations, including any restrictions
on the total consumption of compute technology, which could cause a delay or impediment to the commercialization of AI technology and
could lead to a decrease in demand for our customers’ AI infrastructure, and may adversely affect our business, operating results,
financial condition, and future prospects. A curtailment or disruption in energy supply
in Iceland, Canada or the U.S. due to regulations and policies implemented by their respective governments, which prioritize energy
supply, may cause a substantial disruption or discontinuance of WhiteFiber’s data center operations based in Iceland, Canada or
prospectively in the U.S., and therefore impair WhiteFiber’s financial condition or results of operations. Through WhiteFiber Iceland ehf, WhiteFiber established and has been
providing cloud services since November 2023. As of December 31,2025, WhiteFiber had a fleet of 462 servers at a third-party data
center located in Northern Iceland. Through WhiteFiber’s subsidiary, Enovum, which was acquired in October 2024, WhiteFiber
has been operating its data center located in Montreal Canada (MTL-1), and commenced operations in the in the fourth quarter of 2025 at
MTL-3. In May 2025, WhiteFiber purchased a former industrial manufacturing building and land outside of Greensboro, North Carolina
which it expects to be operational in the second quarter of 2026. In order to maintain its data center operations, WhiteFiber and its
landlords in Iceland and in Montreal will need to acquire sufficient supplies of electricity generated by hydroelectric, and geothermal
energy. In addition, WhiteFiber’s data centers need to also maintain reliable and adequate infrastructure and cooling systems to
ensure optimal performance. Currently, Icelandic and Canadian-based data
centers and similar facilities, including the ones contracted with WhiteFiber, may face significant risks of energy disruption, curtailment
or discontinuance due to low water levels. Water reservoirs are utilized by hydropower plants, which provide hydro-generated energy
in the country. In the event of a water shortage, and therefore a shortage of hydro-generated energy, the prioritization framework
for Icelandic energy favors residential and certain business uses over data centers and similar facilities. In addition, volcanic eruptions
might interrupt the generation of electricity from geothermal energy, as occurred several times in 2023. 46 In addition, WhiteFiber may be subject to risks
and unanticipated costs associated with obtaining power from various utility companies. Utilities that serve our data centers may be
dependent on, and sensitive to price increases for, a particular type of fuel, including hydroelectric. In addition, the total cost of
delivered electricity could increase as a result of: regulations intended to regulate carbon emissions and other pollutants, ratepayer
surcharges related to recovering the cost of extreme weather events and natural disasters (including volcanoes in Iceland and floods
in North Carolina), geopolitical conflicts, military conflicts, grid modernization charges, as well as other charges borne by ratepayers.
Increases in the cost of power at any of WhiteFiber’s data centers could put those locations at a competitive disadvantage relative
to data centers that are supplied power at a lower price. Accordingly, the energy supply for WhiteFiber’s
data centers may be subject to disruption and could become insufficient to support their operations. WhiteFiber’s financial condition
or results of operations may be adversely affected if its WhiteFiber data centers are disrupted or discontinued due to a curtailment
or interruption of the energy supply. Establishing data centers in remote areas
may adversely affect WhiteFiber’s ability to retain staff and increase its compensation costs. If WhiteFiber establishes data centers in areas with lower populations
such as Iceland or remote parts of North America, recruiting and retaining the necessary staff to operate its locations may pose a challenge.
When WhiteFiber encounters a relatively low population, the pool of available employees is limited. In addition, some employers have offered
significantly higher wages in order to fill vacant positions. This may adversely affect WhiteFiber’s ability to attract and retain
qualified personnel and may increase its employee costs if it has to increase the compensation we pay in response to the market. WhiteFiber’s data centers could be
adversely impacted by climate change. Severe weather events, such as tornadoes, hurricanes,
rain, drought, fire, ice and snowstorms, and high-and low-temperature extremes, occur in regions in which WhiteFiber operates and maintains
infrastructure. WhiteFiber’s principal data centers in Iceland and Canada are designed to provide year-round cool weather conditions.
Nevertheless climate change could change the frequency and severity of weather events, which may create physical and financial risks
to WhiteFiber. Such risks could have an adverse effect on WhiteFiber’s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
Increases in severe weather conditions or extreme temperatures may cause infrastructure construction projects to be delayed or canceled
and limit resources available for such projects resulting in decreased revenue or increased project costs. In addition, drought conditions
could restrict the availability of water supplies or limit the ability to obtain water use permits, inhibiting the ability to conduct
operations. To date, none of WhiteFiber’s WhiteFiber data centers in Iceland or Canada have experienced any material impacts to
its financial condition, results of operations or cash flows due to the physical effects of climate change. The broader adoption, use, and commercialization
of AI technology, and the continued rapid pace of developments in the AI field, are inherently uncertain. Failure by our customers to
use its cloud services to support AI use cases in their systems, or WhiteFiber’s ability to keep up with evolving AI technology
requirements and regulatory frameworks, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition,
and future prospects. As part of WhiteFiber’s growth strategy,
it seeks to attract and acquire customers requiring high-performance computing, such as AI, machine learning, and automated decision-making technologies,
including proprietary AI algorithms and models (collectively, “AI Technologies”). AI has been developing at a rapid pace, and continues
to evolve and change. As demand continues for AI services, AI providers, including WhiteFiber’s customers, have sought increased
compute capacity to enable advancements in their AI models and service the demands of end users. We cannot predict whether additional
computing power will continue to be required to develop larger, more powerful AI models, or if the practical limits of AI technology
will plateau in the future regardless of available compute capacity. Further, there have been recent advancements in AI technology, including
open-source AI models, that may lead to compute and other efficiencies that may impact the demand for AI services, including WhiteFiber’s
platform, solutions, and services, which may adversely impact its revenue and profitability. In the event that existing scaling laws
do not continue to apply as they have in the past, demand by our customers for compute resources, including our solutions and services,
may not continue to increase over time, or may decrease if overall demand for AI is impacted by a lack of further technological development.
If WhiteFiber is unable to keep up with the changing AI landscape or in developing services to meet its customers’ evolving AI
needs, or if the AI landscape does not develop to the extent we or our customers expect, our business, operating results, financial condition,
and future prospects may be adversely impacted. 47 Additionally, we may incur significant costs
and experience significant delays in developing new solutions and services or enhancing our current platform to adapt to the changing
AI landscape, and may not achieve a return on investment or capitalize on the opportunities presented by demand for AI solutions. Moreover,
while AI adoption is likely to continue and may accelerate, the long-term trajectory of this technological trend is uncertain. Further,
market acceptance, understanding, and valuation of solutions and services that incorporate AI technologies are uncertain and the perceived
value of AI Technologies used and/or provided by WhiteFiber’s customers could be inaccurate. If AI is not broadly adopted by enterprises
to the extent WhiteFiber expects, or if new use cases do not arise, then our opportunity may be smaller than it expects. Further, if
the consumer perception and perceived value of AI Technologies is inaccurate this could have a material adverse effect on WhiteFiber’s
customers, which, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results, financial condition, and future prospects. Concerns relating to the responsible use by WhiteFiber’s
customers of new and evolving technologies, such as AI, which are supported by its platform, may result in collateral reputational harm
to WhiteFiber. AI may pose emerging ethical issues and if its platform enables customer solutions that draw controversy due to their
perceived or actual impact on society, WhiteFiber may experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, or legal liability. Furthermore, the rapid pace of innovation in
the field of AI has led to developing and evolving regulatory frameworks globally, which are expected to become increasingly complex
as AI continues to evolve. Regulators and lawmakers around the world have started proposing and adopting, or are currently considering,
regulations and guidance specifically on the use of AI. Regulations related to AI Technologies have been introduced in the United States
at the federal level and are also enacted and advancing at the state level. Additional regulations may impact our customers’ ability
to develop, use and commercialize AI Technologies, which would impact demand for WhiteFiber’s platform, solutions, and services
and may affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and future prospects. AI and related industries, including cloud services,
are under increasing scrutiny from regulators due to their concerns about market concentration, anti-competitive practices, and
the pace of partnerships and acquisitions involving generative AI startups. As the industry continues to grow, transactions and business
conduct will likely continue to draw scrutiny from regulators. WhiteFiber’s customers may become subject to further AI regulations,
including any restrictions on the total consumption of compute technology, which could cause a delay or impediment to the commercialization
of AI technology and could lead to a decrease in demand for WhiteFiber’s customers’ AI infrastructure, and may adversely
affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and future prospects. WhiteFiber operates in a capital-intensive industry
and is subject to capital market and interest rate risks. WhiteFiber’s operations require significant
capital investment to purchase and maintain the property and equipment required to provide specialized infrastructures to support generative
AI work streams. In addition, WhiteFiber’s operations include a significant level of fixed and semi-fixed costs. Consequently,
WhiteFiber will rely on capital markets, as sources of liquidity for capital requirements for growth. If WhiteFiber is unable to access
capital at competitive rates, the ability to implement business plans, make capital expenditures or pursue acquisitions it would otherwise
rely on for future, growth may be adversely affected. For example, without obtaining additional debt financing, WhiteFiber will not have
sufficient funds to retrofit NC-1 into a HPC data center or achieve its estimated 99 MW (gross) of total HPC data center capacity
by May 2029 and other growth strategies. Market disruptions may increase the cost of borrowing or adversely affect WhiteFiber’s
ability to access one or more financial markets. Such market disruptions could include: ● a significant economic downturn; ● the financial distress of unrelated industry leaders in the same line of business; ● deterioration in capital market conditions; ● turmoil in the financial services industry; ● volatility in GPU prices; ● terrorist attacks; ● war; or ● cyberattacks. 48 If one of its customers were to obtain
exclusive rights to open source technologies that WhiteFiber employs across our businesses, its ability to realize significant operating
efficiencies could be jeopardized. WhiteFiber’s business model leverages its
ability to share significant open source technological innovations across cloud services, its data centers and customers. If one of its
customers were to obtain exclusive rights to what are now open source technologies WhiteFiber employs across its businesses, WhiteFiber
could be limited in obtaining essential supplies at competitive costs and sharing research and development costs across its businesses.
As a result, WhiteFiber’s ability to realize significant operating efficiencies by modifying its existing or new data centers utilizing
these technologies and its ability to serve all its customers could be jeopardized, which could materially adversely affects WhiteFiber’s
business, results of operations and future prospects. WhiteFiber may be vulnerable to physical
security breaches, which could disrupt its operations and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results
of operations. A party who is able to compromise the physical
security measures protecting its facilities could cause interruptions or malfunctions in its operations and misappropriate our property
or the property of its customers. As WhiteFiber provides assurances to our customers that its provided the highest level of security,
such a compromise could be particularly harmful to its brand and reputation. WhiteFiber may be required to expend significant capital
and resources to protect against such threats or to alleviate problems caused by breaches in security. As techniques used to breach security
change frequently and are often not recognized until launched against a target, WhiteFiber may not be able to implement new security
measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, WhiteFiber may not be certain whether these measures could be circumvented.
Any breaches that may occur could expose us to increased risk of lawsuits, regulatory penalties, loss of existing or potential customers,
harm to WhiteFiber’s reputation and increases in its security costs, which could have a material adverse effect on WhiteFiber’s
business, financial condition and results of operations. WhiteFiber has an evolving business model
which is subject to various uncertainties. As cloud services and WhiteFiber data centers
become more widely available, it expects the services and products associated with them to evolve. In order to stay current with the
industry, WhiteFiber’s business model requires it to evolve as well. From time to time, WhiteFiber has modified and will continue
to modify aspects of its business model relating to its strategy. WhiteFiber cannot offer any assurance that these or any other modifications
will be successful or will not result in harm to its business. WhiteFiber may not be able to manage growth effectively, which could damage
its reputation, limit our growth and negatively affect our operating results. Further, as the markets in which WhiteFiber operates continue
to evolve, new market participants have emerged and may continue to emerge and this may require WhiteFiber to further evaluate its business
model and products and services. WhiteFiber cannot provide any assurance that we will successfully identify all emerging trends and growth
opportunities in this business sector, and it may lose out on those opportunities. Such circumstances could have a material adverse effect
on its business, prospects or operations. WhiteFiber does not have any business interruption
or disruption insurance coverage. Currently, WhiteFiber does not have any business
liability or disruption insurance to cover our operations, other than director’s and officer’s liability insurance. WhiteFiber
has determined that the costs of insuring for these risks and the difficulties associated with acquiring such insurance on commercially
reasonable terms make it impractical for WhiteFiber to have such insurance. Any uninsured business disruptions may result in WhiteFiber
incurring substantial costs and the diversion of resources, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition. WhiteFiber or Bit Digital may fail to perform
under the Transition Services Agreement or WhiteFiber may fail to have necessary systems and services in place when the transition services
agreement expires. On July 30, 2025, prior to the consummation of
its initial public offering, WhiteFiber and Bit Digital entered into the Transition Services Agreement pursuant to which Bit Digital
will provide certain services to WhiteFiber, on a transitional basis. The Transition Services Agreement provides for the performance
of certain services by Bit Digital for the benefit of WhiteFiber, or in some cases certain services provided by WhiteFiber for the benefit
of Bit Digital, for a limited period of time after its initial public offering. WhiteFiber will rely on Bit Digital to satisfy its obligations
under this agreement. If Bit Digital is unable to satisfy its obligations under this agreement, WhiteFiber could incur operational difficulties
or losses. If WhiteFiber does not have agreements with other providers of these services once certain transaction agreements expire or
terminate, WhiteFiber may not be able to operate its business effectively, which may have a material adverse effect on its financial
position, results of operations and cash flows. 49 Cybersecurity incidents and threats including
cyberattacks, ransomware attacks and security breaches of cloud services and our information systems, or those impacting our third parties,
could adversely impact our brand and reputation and our business, operating results, and financial condition. WhiteFiber’s cloud services involve the
collection, storage, processing, and transmission of confidential information, employee, service provider, and other personal data. WhiteFiber
has built its cloud services on the premise that it maintains a secure way to secure, store, and transact in cloud services. As a result,
any actual or perceived security breach of WhiteFiber or its third-party partners may: ● harm our reputation and brand; ● result in WhiteFiber’s cloud services being unavailable
and interrupt our operations; ● result in improper disclosure of data and violations of applicable
privacy and other laws; ● result in significant regulatory scrutiny, investigations,
fines, penalties, and other legal, regulatory, and financial exposure; ● result in exposure to claims for damages and other remedies
by WhiteFiber’s customers and individuals whose personal data is the subject to a cybersecurity incident; ● cause WhiteFiber to incur significant remediation and notification
costs; ● divert the attention of management from the operation of
WhiteFiber’s business; and ● adversely affect WhiteFiber’s business and operating
results. Further, any actual or perceived breach or cybersecurity
incident or attack, whether or not WhiteFiber is directly impacted, could lead to a general loss of customer confidence in the digital
asset industry or in the use of technology to conduct financial transactions, which could negatively impact WhiteFiber, including the
market perception of the effectiveness of its security measures and technology infrastructure. Certain kinds of cybersecurity incidents
and attacks, such as ransomware attacks, could result in the interruption of WhiteFiber’s cloud services and information systems,
and result in the inability to access and loss of data. An increasing number of organizations, including
large merchants, businesses, technology companies, and financial institutions, as well as government institutions, have disclosed breaches
of their information security systems, some of which have involved sophisticated and highly targeted attacks, including on their websites,
mobile applications, and infrastructure. Cybersecurity incidents and attacks upon systems
across a variety of industries, including cloud services, are increasing in their frequency, persistence, and sophistication, and, in
many cases, are being conducted by sophisticated, well-funded, and organized groups and individuals, including state actors. The techniques
used to obtain unauthorized, improper, or illegal access to systems and information (including customers and partners’ personal
data, AI algorithms, disable or degrade services, or sabotage systems are constantly evolving, may be difficult to detect quickly, and
often are not recognized or detected until after they have been launched against a target. These attacks may occur on WhiteFiber’s
cloud services or those of its third-party service providers or partners. Certain types of cyberattacks could harm us even if our systems
are left undisturbed. For example, attacks may be designed to deceive employees and service providers into releasing control of our systems
to a hacker, while others may aim to introduce computer viruses or malware into WhiteFiber’s cloud services with a view to stealing
confidential or proprietary data. Additionally, certain threats are designed to remain dormant or undetectable until launched against
a target and we may not be able to implement adequate preventative measures. Although WhiteFiber has developed systems and
processes designed to protect our information systems and the data it manages, prevents cybersecurity incidents, data loss and other
security breaches, effectively responds to known and potential risks, and expect to continue to expend significant resources to bolster
these protections, there can be no assurance that these security measures will provide absolute security or prevent breaches or attacks.
WhiteFiber has experienced from time to time, and may experience in the future, breaches of our security measures due to human error,
malfeasance, insider threats, system errors or vulnerabilities, or other irregularities. Unauthorized parties have attempted, and WhiteFiber
expects that they will continue to attempt, to gain access to its systems and facilities, as well as those of its customers, partners,
and third-party service providers, through various means, including hacking, social engineering, phishing, and attempting to fraudulently
induce individuals (including employees, service providers, and its customers) into disclosing usernames, passwords, payment card information,
or other sensitive information, which may, in turn, be used to access WhiteFiber’s operations. Threats can come from a variety
of sources, including criminal hackers, hacktivists, state-sponsored intrusions, industrial espionage, and insiders. Certain threat actors
may be supported by significant financial and technological resources, making them even more sophisticated and difficult to detect. 50 WhiteFiber may be vulnerable to physical
security breaches, which could disrupt its operations and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. A party who is able to compromise the physical
security measures protecting our facilities could cause interruptions or malfunctions in WhiteFiber’s operations and misappropriate
its property or the property of its customers. As WhiteFiber provides assurances to its customers that it provides the highest level
of security, such a compromise could be particularly harmful to WhiteFiber’s brand and reputation. WhiteFiber may be required to
expend significant capital and resources to protect against such threats or to alleviate problems caused by breaches in security. As
techniques used to breach security change frequently and are often not recognized until launched against a target, WhiteFiber may not
be able to implement new security measures in a timely manner or, if and when implemented, WhiteFiber may not be certain whether these
measures could be circumvented. Any breaches that may occur could expose WhiteFiber to increased risk of lawsuits, regulatory penalties,
loss of existing or potential customers, harm to its reputation and increases in its security costs, which could have a material adverse
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. WhiteFiber’s inability to resolve
favorably any disputes that arise between WhiteFiber and Bit Digital with respect to their past and ongoing relationships including potential
conflicts of interests among management may adversely affect WhiteFiber’s operating results. Certain key management and directors of both
Bit Digital and WhiteFiber hold the same or similar positions in both companies. Those positions and their ownership of Bit Digital securities
could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when WhiteFiber’s management and directors and Bit Digital’s
management and directors face decisions that could have different implications for Bit Digital and WhiteFiber. Disputes may arise between
WhiteFiber and Bit Digital in a number of areas relating to the various transaction agreements, including: ● labor, tax, employee benefit, indemnification and other matters arising from WhiteFiber’s separation from Bit Digital; ● employee retention and recruiting; ● business combinations involving WhiteFiber; and ● the nature, quality and pricing of services that WhiteFiber and Bit Digital have agreed to provide each other. WhiteFiber may not be able to resolve potential
conflicts, and even if it does, the resolution may be less favorable than if it were dealing with an unaffiliated party. The agreements WhiteFiber enters into with Bit
Digital may be amended upon agreement between the parties. While WhiteFiber is controlled by Bit Digital, it may not have the leverage
to negotiate amendments to these agreements if required on terms as favorable to it as those it would negotiate with an unaffiliated
third party. WhiteFiber relies upon licenses of third-party
intellectual property rights and may be unable to protect our software code. WhiteFiber actively uses specific hardware and
software for our cloud services and colocation data center operations. In certain cases, source code and other software assets may be
subject to an open source license, as much technology development underway in this sector is open source. For these works, WhiteFiber
intends to adhere to the terms of any license agreements that may be in place. WhiteFiber does not currently own, and does not
have any current plans to seek, any patents in connection with its existing and planned operations. WhiteFiber relies upon trade secrets,
trademarks, service marks, trade names, copyrights and other intellectual property rights and expect to license the use of intellectual
property rights owned and controlled by others. In addition, WhiteFiber has developed and may further develop certain software applications
for purposes of its operations. Our open source licenses may not afford WhiteFiber the protection we need to protect our intellectual
property. 51 Risks Related to Geopolitical Uncertainty Changes in tariffs or import restrictions
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The U.S. government has adopted new approaches
to trade policy and in some cases, may renegotiate, or potentially terminate, certain existing bilateral or multi-lateral trade
agreements. The U.S. government has also imposed tariffs on certain foreign goods and has raised the possibility of imposing significant,
additional tariff increases or expanding the tariffs to capture other countries and types of foreign goods. Because WhiteFiber is developing
data centers in Canada and the United States, the imposition of tariffs on imports between these countries or from other countries,
such as a 50% tariff on copper imports announced in July 2025 by the U.S. government, could materially impact the cost, timeline,
and feasibility of our projects. Tariffs imposed by the U.S. on imports from Mexico and Canada or from other countries, as well
as reciprocal tariffs imposed by such countries on U.S. goods, could increase WhiteFiber’s costs for key construction materials,
specialized equipment, and labor, potentially delaying deployments and reducing profitability. Data center construction relies heavily on steel,
aluminum, copper, electrical components and HVAC systems, some of which the Company is sourcing from Mexico and Canada. The tariffs the
U.S. has imposed, or has considered imposing, on Canadian steel, aluminum and copper imports, are expected to increase the cost
of WhiteFiber’s potential projects in the U.S. Similarly, if Canada imposes reciprocal tariffs on U.S. exports, WhiteFiber’s
projects in Canada could see cost increases for imported power infrastructure, networking hardware, and construction equipment. Additionally, several transformers, battery storage
systems, and cooling systems used in our North American data centers are manufactured in or pass through Mexico. If the U.S. imposes
new or additional tariffs on Mexican-manufactured electrical equipment, this could create supply chain bottlenecks and increase
capital expenditures for both U.S. and Canadian facilities. Likewise, trade restrictions on Canadian-manufactured networking
equipment or semiconductors would disrupt supply availability for our potential projects in the U.S. Tariffs and trade tensions between the U.S.,
Mexico, and Canada could also indirectly impact the availability and cost of skilled labor. Many specialized contractors for data
center construction, electrical work, and mechanical systems operate across borders. Increased trade friction could reduce labor mobility,
increase wages, or limit access to essential expertise, slowing project execution. Such higher costs for critical data center components,
potential disruptions to equipment supply chains and labor and cross-border workforce challenges could have material adverse effects
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if tariffs increase the cost of
building and operating data centers in the U.S. and Canada, our customers, hyperscalers and cloud providers, may shift expansion
plans to more cost-effective regions, such as Europe or Asia. This could negatively impact short-term and long-term demand
for WhiteFiber’s colocation and infrastructure services. Finally, in response to tariffs, other countries
have implemented retaliatory tariffs on U.S. goods. Political tensions as a result of trade policies could reduce trade
volume, investment, technological exchange, and other economic activities between major international economies, resulting in a material
adverse effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets, which could in turn have a material adverse
impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 52 Uncertainty in the global economy and instability
within international relations, including changes in governmental policies relating to technology, and any potential downturn in the
semiconductor and electronics industries, may negatively impact our business . There is inherent risk, based on the complex
relationships between certain countries and within regions, that political, diplomatic or military events could result in trade disruptions
and other disruptions in the markets and industries we serve and our supply chain. For example, the ongoing geopolitical and economic
uncertainty between the U.S. and China, the unknown impact of current and future U.S. and Chinese trade regulations, and geopolitical
risks between the U.S, Canada, where WhiteFiber’s data centers are located, between the U.S. and Mexico, where certain components
are supplied, or between China and Taiwan where chips are manufactured, could, directly or indirectly, materially harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. While overall semiconductor supply conditions
have improved, WhiteFiber continues to monitor potential availability constraints for high-performance GPUs and related hardware,
which may affect the timing of future deployments in our cloud services business. Furthermore, political or economic conflicts
between various global actors, and responsive measures that have been taken and could be taken in the future, have created and can further
create significant global economic uncertainty that could prolong or expand such conflicts, which could have a lasting impact on regional
and global economies and harm our business and operating results. Failure to maintain exchange listing standards
may reduce liquidity, increase financing costs, and negatively affect valuation. Our listing on NASDAQ subjects us to continued
quantitative and qualitative listing requirements. Failure to maintain minimum price, market capitalization, public float, shareholder
equity, governance, or filing standards could result in warnings, additional costs, or delisting, reducing liquidity and potentially
triggering defaults or investor redemptions. Limited access to banking, payments and insurance
services for digital asset-related businesses may create operational friction and liquidity risks. Financial institutions may decline to provide
deposit, treasury, lending, merchant, custody or other services to digital asset-related companies, leading to operational friction,
delays in settlements, and heightened liquidity and operational risk. We may face increased fees, caps, or service interruptions. Accounting, Financial Reporting and Internal
Control Risks Complex and evolving accounting for digital
assets and related items may increase the volatility of our reported results and require significant judgment. We make critical accounting estimates regarding
impairment, fair value measurements, estimated useful lives of miners and infrastructure, revenue recognition (including principal-versus-agent
considerations in pools), and the classification and presentation of digital assets. Changes in market inputs, evolving practice, or
future GAAP guidance could materially affect our reported results. 53 Auditor transitions and internal control remediation
may result in delays, increased costs, or identification of material weaknesses. Auditor transitions increase the risk of delays,
additional costs, and identification of control deficiencies. If we identify material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in internal
control over financial reporting, we may incur substantial remediation costs, and our ability to report timely and accurately could be
impacted. If our breakeven metrics or related assumptions
are inaccurate, investors may misinterpret our operating performance and risk profile. Our breakeven metrics rely on multiple inputs,
including energy costs, pool fees, uptime, difficulty, miner efficiency, depreciation and, where disclosed, estimates of financing costs.
Assumptions may differ from actual results or from those used by peers, and estimates of financing costs may be imprecise given the nature
of past capital raises. Strategic, Counterparty and Concentration
Risks We operate in a highly competitive industry,
and we compete against unregulated or less regulated companies and companies with greater financial and other resources, and our business,
operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected if we are unable to compete effectively. The digital asset industry is highly innovative,
rapidly evolving, and characterized by healthy competition, experimentation, changing customer needs, frequent introductions of new products
and services, and subject to uncertain and evolving industry and regulatory requirements. In ETH staking we view our main competitors
as Sharplink Gaming, Bitmine immersion Technologies and The Ether Machine. In Bitcoin mining our main competitors are MARA Holdings,
Riot Platform and CleanSpark. We expect competition to intensify in the future as existing and new competitors introduce new products
or enhance existing products. We face significant competition from a variety of companies around the world, ranging from digital asset-native
companies, including decentralized exchanges, to large traditional financial services incumbents and financial technology providers. Given the uneven enforcement by United States
and foreign regulators, many of these competitors have been able to operate from offshore while offering large numbers of products and
services to consumers, including in the United States, Europe, and other highly regulated jurisdictions, without complying with the relevant
licensing and other requirements in these jurisdictions, and historically without penalty. Due to our regulated status in several jurisdictions
and our commitment to legal and regulatory compliance, we have not been able to offer many popular products and services, including products
and services that our unregulated or less regulated competitors are able to offer. We also have expended significant managerial,
operational, and compliance costs to comply with laws and regulations applicable to us in the jurisdictions in which we operate and expect
to continue to incur significant costs to comply with these requirements, which these unregulated or less regulated competitors have
not had to incur. If we are unable to compete successfully, or
if competing successfully requires us to take costly actions in response to the actions of our competitors, our business, operating results,
and financial condition could be adversely affected. Dependence on a limited number of counterparties
and strategic partners may concentrate risk and exacerbate disruptions. Our agreements with counterparties and strategic
partners, including advisors and financial intermediaries, can concentrate risk. Failures, disputes, terminations, or changes in terms
could disrupt operations or curtail growth. Certain arrangements may require bespoke governance or include preferential rights that constrain
flexibility. 54 Loss of key personnel or inability to recruit
and retain qualified employees may adversely affect our operations and growth. The competition for experienced blockchain and digital asset professionals
has intensified, driven by a widening gap between the high demand for specialized skills and a scarce pool of qualified talent. As the
industry matures into 2026, companies are struggling to secure senior talent for critical, high-impact roles, often competing with both
AI startups and traditional financial institutions. For example, despite a 395% growth in web3 job demand, qualified professionals remain
rare, particularly those with experience in live, production-level, or large-scale, cross-chain, or security-focused projects. If we
are unable to secure the necessary personnel, our financial condition may be impacted negatively. Various actual and potential conflicts
of interest may be detrimental to shareholders. Certain conflicts of interest may exist, or be
perceived to exist, between us and our directors or certain executive officers, who are also officers and/or directors of WhiteFiber.
Each person must devote time, resources and attention to the affairs of WhiteFiber. This may conflict with such officer’s or director’s
interest in WhiteFiber, including conflicting with interests in allocating resources, time and attention to our business and impacting
decisions made on our behalf with respect to WhiteFiber. For example, it is expected that, until August 2027, Sam Tabar and Erke Huang
will continue to serve as (i) Chief Executive Officer and (ii) Director and Chief Financial Officer, respectively, of WhiteFiber. Messrs.
Tabar and Huang are expected to provide certain services, representing not more than approximately 30% of their working time, in respect
of Bit Digital operations and have committed to provide the requisite time and effort to fulfill their responsibilities as a full-time
officer of WhiteFiber, supervising a full staff. Actual or potential conflicts of interest could arise, for example, over matters such
as the desirability of changes in our business and operations, funding and capital matters, regulatory matters, agreements with WhiteFiber
relating to the Reorganization or otherwise, employee retention or recruiting or dividend policies. Bit Digital has put specific procedures in place
with respect to potential conflicts of interest, however, in determining with whom our officers or directors may have relationships and
considering the risks and risk mitigation factors. As an example, we require that transactions with WhiteFiber involving our executive
officers and directors be approved or ratified by our Audit Committee, and recognizing that Ms. Ichi Shih is also the Chair of the WhiteFiber
Audit Committee. While we have a majority of independent directors on our Board in order to ensure that there are limitations on the
risks of conflicts of interest impacting Board level decisions, since WhiteFiber is not operating a digital asset business, the effects
of any such risks of conflicts of interest involving our separate business operations are limited in scope. We expect that as WhiteFiber
adds officers and independent directors, the risks of conflicts of interest will become more limited over time. We cannot, however, guarantee
that the conflicts of interest described above, or other future conflicts of interest, will not manifest in advice or decisions that
negatively impact our financial results and our operations. Litigation, arbitration or governmental proceedings
may be costly, time-consuming, and disruptive, and adverse outcomes could result in significant liabilities. From time to time, we may be subject to litigation,
regulatory investigations, or other legal proceedings. Regardless of the legal merits of a claim, the validity of the allegations, or
the eventual outcome of the case, defending against lawsuits involves significant risks, including: ● Substantial Legal and Administrative Costs: Defending against lawsuits, including frivolous or meritless claims, requires significant financial resources, including high attorney fees, expert witness costs, and court fees. ● Diversion of Management Time and Resources: Litigation is time-consuming and can divert the attention of our management team and employees away from our core business operations. ● Reputational Damage: Even if a lawsuit is successfully defended or dismissed, the publicity surrounding the case can harm our reputation, brand image, and relationship with customers, partners, or investors. ● Settlement Pressures: The high cost of defense and the distraction of litigation may lead us to settle cases that we believe are without merit to avoid further disruption and expense. 55 If we are unable to resolve these disputes favorably
or if the costs of defending these claims are significant, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations, and cash flows. Our stock price may be highly volatile, and
future sales or issuances of our securities could depress the trading price. The market price of digital asset-related equities
has experienced extreme volatility, influenced by digital asset prices, regulatory developments, investor sentiment, and macroeconomic
conditions. Substantial sales by existing stockholders, issuances under our shelf or equity compensation, or short selling could cause
the trading price to decline. Risks Involving Intellectual Property We use certain open source technology in
our business. We may face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding the release of, the technology and any other
intellectual property that we developed using or derived from such open-source technology. We utilize a combination
of open-source and licensed third-party technologies in the development and operation of our cloud services. While open-source technologies
enable rapid development and cost efficiencies, they also pose potential risks, such as security vulnerabilities, lack of long-term support,
and legal risks related to licensing terms. Similarly, reliance on licensed third-party technologies may expose us to risks associated
with changes in licensing terms, costs, or discontinuation of the licensed products. We intend to continue to
use open-source technology in the future. There is a risk that open-source technology licenses could be
construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to offer our products. By the terms of certain
open-source licenses, if we combine our proprietary software with open-source software in a certain manner, we could be required to release
the source code of our proprietary software and make our proprietary software available under open-source licenses. Open-source licensors
may also decide to change the conditions on which they make their open-source technology available for our use. Additionally,
we may face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding the public release or free license of, the technology and any
other intellectual property that it developed using or derived from such open-source technology. The terms of many open-source licenses
have not been interpreted by United States courts. There is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose
unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our services. These claims could result in litigation and could
require that we make our technology freely available, purchase a costly license or cease offering the implicated products or services
unless and until we can re-engineer them to avoid infringement. This re-engineering process could require significant technology
and product development resources, and we may not be able to complete the process successfully. Failure to adequately manage these risks
could result in operational disruptions, legal liabilities, and adverse impacts on our business, results of operations, and financial
condition. Our internal systems rely on software that
is highly technical, and, if it contains undetected errors, our business could be adversely affected. Our internal systems rely
on software that is highly technical and complex. In addition, our internal systems depend on the ability of such software to store,
retrieve, process and manage immense amounts of data. The software on which we rely has contained, and may now or in the future contain,
undetected errors or bugs. Some errors may only be discovered after the code has been released for external or internal use. Any errors,
bugs or defects discovered in the software on which we rely could result in harm to our reputation, or liability for damages, any of
which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial conditions. 56 We do not have any patents protecting
our intellectual property and may not be able to prevent others from unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which could harm
our business and competitive position. We regard trademarks, domain
names, know-how, proprietary technologies and similar intellectual property as critical to our success, and we rely on a combination
of intellectual property laws and contractual arrangements, including confidentiality and non-compete agreements with our directors,
officers and executive employees, to protect our proprietary rights. However, we do not have any non-compete agreements with our
non-executive employees, nor do we have any patents protecting our intellectual property. Thus, we cannot assure you that any of
our intellectual property rights would not be challenged, invalidated, circumvented or misappropriated, or such intellectual property
will be sufficient to provide us with competitive advantages. In addition, because of the rapid pace of technological change in our industry,
parts of our business rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and we may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain
licenses and technologies from these third parties on reasonable terms, or at all. Preventing any unauthorized
use of our intellectual property is difficult and costly and the steps we take may be inadequate to prevent the misappropriation of our
intellectual property. In the event that we resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, such litigation could result
in substantial costs and a diversion of our managerial and financial resources. We can provide no assurance that we will prevail in such
litigation. In addition, our trade secrets may be leaked or otherwise become available to, or be independently discovered by, our competitors.
To the extent that our employees or consultants use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us, disputes may arise as
to the rights in related know-how and inventions. Any failure in protecting or enforcing our intellectual property rights could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We may be subject to intellectual property
infringement claims, which may be expensive to defend and may disrupt our business and operations. We cannot be certain that
our operations or any aspects of our business do not or will not infringe upon or otherwise violate trademarks, patents, copyrights,
know-how or other intellectual property rights held by third parties. We may be, from time to time in the future, subject to legal
proceedings and claims relating to the intellectual property rights of others. In addition, there may be third-party trademarks,
patents, copyrights, know-how or other intellectual property rights that are infringed by our products, services or other aspects
of our business without our awareness. Holders of such intellectual property rights may seek to enforce such intellectual property rights
against us in China, the United States or other jurisdictions. If any third-party infringement claims are brought against us,
we may be forced to divert management’s time and other resources from our business and operations to defend against these claims,
regardless of their merits. If we were found to have violated the intellectual property rights of others, we may be subject to liability
for our infringement activities or may be prohibited from using such intellectual property, and we may incur licensing fees or be forced
to develop alternatives of our own. Moreover, the intellectual property ownership and license rights, including copyright, surrounding
AI technologies has not been fully addressed by courts or laws or regulations, and the use or adoption of AI technologies into our offerings
may result in exposure to claims of copyright infringement or other intellectual property misappropriation. As a result, our business
and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Risks Related
to the United States Government Regulations We are subject to
governmental regulation and other legal obligations related to data privacy, data protection and information security. If we are unable
to comply with these, we may be subject to governmental enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity. We collect and process
data, including personal, financial and confidential information about individuals, including our employees and business partners; however,
not of any customers or other third parties. The collection, use and processing of such data about individuals are governed by data privacy
laws and regulations enacted in the U.S. (federal and state), and other jurisdictions around the world. These data privacy laws and regulations
are complex, continue to evolve, and on occasion may be inconsistent between jurisdictions leading to uncertainty in interpreting such
laws and it is possible that these laws, regulations and requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent
with our existing information processing practices, and many of these laws are significantly litigated and/or subject to regulatory enforcement.
The implication of this includes that various federal, state and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may enact or adopt new or additional
laws and regulations concerning data privacy, data retention, data transfer, and data protection. Such laws may continue to restrict
or dictate how we collect, maintain, combine and disseminate information and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, financial condition and prospects. 57 In the United States,
there are numerous federal and state laws and regulations that could apply to our operations or the operations of our partners, including
data breach notification laws, financial information and other data privacy laws, and consumer protection laws and regulations (e.g.,
Section 5 of the FTC Act), that govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of personal information. For example, California has enacted the California
Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), which, among other things, allows
California consumers to request that certain companies disclose the types of personal information collected by such companies, to correct
that information, to delete that information and to opt-out the sale or sharing of personal information for cross-context behavioral
advertising. The California Privacy Protection Agency (“CPPA”) has proposed new regulations to require companies to conduct
risk assessments, annual cybersecurity audits and set up notice and opt-out and access procedures for the use of automated decision-making
technology. These proposed new requirements could increase our costs of compliance and impact our operations and the products and services
we offer. In addition, Iowa, Delaware, Maine, Virginia,
Colorado, Utah, Oregon, Montana, Nebraska, New Hampshire, New Jersey, Texas, Utah and Connecticut enacted privacy and data protection
laws in recent years that are currently in effect and grant similar rights and impose similar obligations as the CCPA. New privacy laws
enacted in Maryland, Minnesota, Rhode Island, and Tennessee will take effect over the next couple years. Other states in the U.S. are
also separately proposing laws to regulate privacy and security of personal data. Our failure, and/or the failure by the various third
party vendors and service providers with which we do business, to comply with applicable privacy policies or federal or state laws or
changes in applicable laws and regulations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized release of personal information
or other user data could damage our reputation and the reputation of our third party vendors and service providers, discourage potential
users from trying their products and services and/or result in fines and/or proceedings by governmental agencies and/or consumers, any
one or all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and, as a result, our company.
In addition, we, our subsidiaries or our business affiliates may not have adequate insurance coverage to compensate for losses. Foreign data privacy laws, such as the General
Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”) in the European Union and the United Kingdom Data Protection Act (“UK GDPR”)
impose data privacy and security requirements that may impact our ability to collect and process personal information of residents of
the EU and the UK. The transfer of personal information from such jurisdictions may be subject to additional restrictions and require
the use of transfer mechanisms recognized by GDPR and UK GDPR, such as the use of Standard Contractual Clauses, which impose numerous
obligations on data importers and exporters. Violations of the GDPR or UK GDPR could impose us to fines of up to €20 million, or
up to 4% of the annual worldwide turnover of the preceding financial year, whichever is greater. Our business may be adversely affected
by future changes in the European Union’s regulations related to AI, which could be reflected in Icelandic and European Union countries’
domestic laws and regulations. While no current Icelandic legislation directly
impacts colocation operations, Iceland, being a member of the European Economic Area, is likely to be influenced by forthcoming European
Union acts such as the Artificial Intelligence Act and the AI Liability Directive. These acts may shape the future regulatory landscapes
in Iceland and lead the Icelandic government to adopt such regulations domestically. The potential adoption of said AI regulatory
framework could introduce new compliance requirements for WhiteFiber data centers, as well as other legal and regulatory obligations,
impacting operational practices and liability considerations for WhiteFiber data centers. This could ultimately adversely affect WhiteFiber’s
business and financial results. 58 We incur significant costs and demands
upon management and accounting and finance resources as a result of complying with the laws and regulations affecting public companies;
if we fail to maintain proper and effective internal controls, our ability to produce accurate and timely financial statements and otherwise
make timely and accurate public disclosure could be impaired, which could harm our operating results, our ability to operate our business
and our reputation. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting
requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Act and are required to prepare its financial statements
according to the rules and regulations required by the SEC. In addition, the Exchange Act requires that we file annual, quarterly and
current reports. The Company’s failure to prepare and disclose this information in a timely manner or to otherwise comply with
applicable law could subject it to penalties under federal securities laws, expose it to lawsuits and restrict its ability to access
financing. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that, among other things, we establish and maintain effective internal controls
and procedures for financial reporting and disclosure purposes. Internal control over financial reporting is complex and may be revised
over time to adapt to changes in WhiteFiber’s business, or changes in applicable accounting rules. We cannot assure you that our
internal control over financial reporting will be effective in the future or that a material weakness will not be discovered with respect
to a prior period for which we had previously believed that internal controls were effective. If we are not able to maintain or document
effective internal control over financial reporting, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be able to certify as
to the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. We have been adhering to these laws and regulations. Matters affecting our internal controls may cause
it to be unable to report its financial information on a timely basis, or may cause it to restate previously issued financial information,
and thereby subject us to adverse regulatory consequences, including sanctions or investigations by the SEC, or violations of applicable
stock exchange listing rules. There could also be a negative reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of investor confidence in
the Company and the reliability of its financial statements. Confidence in the reliability of our financial statements is also likely
to suffer if it or its independent registered public accounting firm reports a material weakness in its internal control over financial
reporting. This could have a material and adverse effect on us by, for example, leading to a decline in the share price and impairing
its ability to raise additional capital. Existing and increasing
legal and regulatory requirements could adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to a
wide range of laws, regulations, and legal requirements in the U.S. and globally, including those that may apply to our products and
online services offerings, and those that impose requirements related to user privacy, telecommunications, data storage and protection,
advertising, and online content. Laws in several jurisdictions, including EU Member State laws under the European Electronic Communications
Code, increasingly define certain of our services as regulated telecommunications services. This trend may continue and will result in
these offerings being subjected to additional data protection, security, law enforcement surveillance, and other obligations. Regulators
and private litigants may assert that our collection, use, and management of customer data and other information is inconsistent with
their laws and regulations, including laws that apply to the tracking of users via technology such as cookies. New environmental, social,
and governance laws and regulations are expanding mandatory disclosure, reporting, and diligence requirements. Legislative or regulatory
action relating to cybersecurity requirements may increase the costs to develop, implement, or secure our products and services. Compliance
with evolving digital accessibility laws and standards will require engineering and is important to our efforts to empower all people
and organizations to achieve more. Legislative and regulatory action is emerging in the areas of AI and content moderation, which could
increase costs or restrict opportunity. For example, in the EU, an AI Act has entered into force, and may entail increased costs or decreased
opportunities for the operation of our AI services in the European market. We are subject to
extensive environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that may expose us to significant liabilities for penalties, damages
or costs of remediation or compliance. Our operations and properties
are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing occupational health and safety, the discharge of pollutants into the environment
or otherwise relating to health, safety and environmental protection requirements in the United States. These laws and regulations may
impose numerous obligations that are applicable to our operations, including acquisition of a permit or other approval before conducting
construction or regulated activities; restrictions on the types, quantities and concentration of materials that can be released into
the environment; limitation or prohibition of construction and operating activities in environmentally sensitive areas, such as wetlands;
imposing specific health and safety standards addressing worker protection; and imposition of significant liabilities for pollution resulting
from our operations, including investigation, remedial and clean-up costs. Failure to comply with these requirements may expose us to
fines, penalties and/or interruptions in our operations that could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results
of operations and cash flows. Certain environmental laws may impose strict, joint and several liability for costs required to clean up
and restore sites where hazardous substances have been disposed or otherwise released into the environment, even under circumstances
where the hazardous substances were released by prior owners or operators or the activities conducted and from which a release emanated
complied with applicable law. Moreover, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal
injury and property damage allegedly caused by noise or the release of hazardous substances into the environment. 59 The trend in environmental
regulation has been to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that may be perceived to impact the environment, and thus
there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of future expenditures for environmental regulation compliance or remediation. New
or revised regulations that result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions could have a material adverse effect
on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. Failure to comply
with anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “FCPA”) and similar
laws associated with our activities outside of the United States, could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. We operate an international
business and may have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies or state-owned or affiliated
entities. We are subject to the FCPA, and other applicable anti-corruption and anti-money laundering laws in certain countries in which
we conduct activities. The FCPA prohibits providing, offering, promising, or authorizing, directly or indirectly, anything of value to
government officials, political parties, or political candidates for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or securing any improper
business advantage. In addition, U.S. public companies are required to maintain records that accurately and fairly represent their transactions
and have an adequate system of internal accounting controls. Since February 10, 2025, the enforcement of the FCPA has been paused for
180 days. The Company will monitor any upcoming guidance from the DOJ or the SEC in order to remain compliant with the FCPA. In many foreign countries,
including countries in which we may conduct business, it may be a local custom that businesses engage in practices that are prohibited
by the FCPA, or other applicable laws and regulations. We face significant risks if we or any of our directors, officers, employees,
contractors, agents or other partners or representatives fail to comply with these laws and governmental authorities in the United States
and elsewhere could seek to impose substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, reputation, operating results, prospects and financial condition. Any violation of applicable
anti-corruption laws, anti-money laundering laws or the FCPA (when again enforceable) could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse
media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions and, in the case of the FCPA, suspension
or debarment from U.S. government contracts, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, business, operating
results, prospects and financial condition. In addition, responding to any enforcement action or internal investigation related to alleged
misconduct may result in a significant diversion of management’s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other
professional fees. In many foreign countries,
including countries in which we may conduct business, it may be a local custom that businesses engage in practices that are prohibited
by the FCPA, or other applicable laws and regulations. We face significant risks if we or any of our directors, officers, employees,
contractors, agents or other partners or representatives fail to comply with these laws and governmental authorities in the United States
and elsewhere could seek to impose substantial civil and/or criminal fines and penalties which could have a material adverse effect on
our business, reputation, operating results, prospects and financial condition. Any violation of the
FCPA, other applicable anti-corruption laws, or anti-money laundering laws could result in whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage,
investigations, loss of export privileges, severe criminal or civil sanctions and, in the case of the FCPA, suspension or debarment from
U.S. government contracts, any of which could have a materially adverse effect on our reputation, business, operating results, prospects
and financial condition. In addition, responding to any enforcement action or internal investigation related to alleged misconduct may
result in a significant diversion of management’s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional
fees. 60 Regulatory restrictions
that target AI, including, but not limited to, export restrictions may have a material adverse impact on our intended operations. The increasing focus
on the strategic importance of AI technologies has already resulted in regulatory restrictions that target products and services capable
of enabling or facilitating AI, and may in the future result in additional restrictions impacting some or all of our service offerings.
Such restrictions could include additional unilateral or multilateral export controls on certain products or technology, including, but
not limited to, AI technologies. As geopolitical tensions have increased, semiconductors associated with AI, including GPUs and associated
products, are increasingly the focus of export control restrictions proposed by stakeholders in the U.S. and its allies, and it is likely
that additional unilateral or multilateral controls will be adopted. Such controls may be very broad in scope and application, prohibit
us from exporting our services to any or all customers in one or more markets or could impose other conditions that limit our ability
to serve demand abroad and could negatively and materially impact our business, revenue, and financial results. Export controls targeting
GPUs and semiconductors associated with AI, which are increasingly likely, would restrict our ability to export our technology, services
even though competitors may not be subject to similar restrictions, creating a competitive disadvantage for us and negatively impacting
our business and financial results. Increasing use of economic sanctions may also impact demand for our services, negatively impacting
our business and financial results. Additional unilateral or multilateral controls are also likely to include deemed export control limitations
that negatively impact the ability of our research and development teams to execute our roadmap or other objectives in a timely manner.
Additional export restrictions may not only impact our ability to serve overseas markets, but also provoke responses from foreign governments,
including China, that negatively impact our ability to provide our services to customers in all markets worldwide, which could also substantially
reduce our revenue. During the third quarter
of fiscal year 2023, the U.S. government announced new export restrictions and export licensing requirements targeting China’s
semiconductor and supercomputing industries. These restrictions impact exports of certain chips, as well as software, hardware, equipment,
and technology used to develop, produce, and manufacture certain chips, to China (including Hong Kong and Macau) and Russia. The new
license requirements also apply to any future NVIDIA integrated circuit achieving certain peak performance and chip-to-chip I/O performance
thresholds, as well as any system or board that includes those circuits. There are also now licensing requirements to export a wide array
of products, including networking products, destined for certain end users and for certain end uses in China. Management of these
new licenses and other requirements is complicated and time consuming. Our results and competitive position may be harmed if we are restricted
in offering our services, if customers purchase services from competitors, if customers develop their own internal solution, if we are
unable to provide contractual warranty or other extended service obligations, if the U.S. government does not grant licenses in a timely
manner or denies licenses to significant customers, or if we incur significant transition costs. Even if the U.S. government grants any
requested licenses, the licenses may be temporary or impose burdensome conditions that we cannot or choose not to fulfill. The new requirements
may benefit certain of our competitors, as the licensing process will make our pre-sale and post-sale technical support efforts more
cumbersome and less certain, and encourage customers to pursue alternatives to our services. Our cloud services business is subject
to complex and evolving U.S. and foreign laws and regulations regarding AI, machine learning, and automated decision making. In recent years the use of machine learning,
AI and automated decision making, has come under increased regulatory scrutiny, and governments and regulators in the United States,
European Union, and other places have announced the need for greater regulation regarding the use of machine learning and AI generally.
New laws, guidance, and decisions in this area may limit WhiteFiber’s cloud services business, or require WhiteFiber to make changes
to its clouds service technology and infrastructure and its operations that may decrease its operational efficiency, result in an increase
to operating costs and/or hinder its ability to provide or improve its cloud services. For example, certain global privacy laws regulate
the use of automated decision making and may require that the existence of automated decision making be disclosed to the data subject
with a meaningful explanation of the logic used in such decision making in certain circumstances, and that safeguards must be implemented
to safeguard individual rights, including the right to obtain human intervention and to contest any decision. Other global privacy laws
allow individuals the right to opt out of certain automated processing of personal data and create other requirements that impact automated
decision-making. At the federal level, the scope and extent of regulation of AI is uncertain, but the National Institute of Standards
and Technology issued the NIST-AI-600-1, AI Risk Management Framework: Generative Artificial Intelligence Profile which will likely remain
a standard that regulators may consider for determining whether companies have adequate assessed the risk of use of AI. A number of states have issued or proposed laws
that require developers and deployers of high risk AI tools and systems to conduct risk assessments and take steps to avoid algorithmic
discrimination. In addition, these laws provide consumers with the right to pre-use notice and certain rights to opt-out of use of such
tools for certain kinds of automated decisions and to seek human review for adverse decisions. These laws could impose additional obligations
on us to comply with such requirements and limit the Company’s ability to use AI and automated decision making. Violations of such
laws could expose the Company to fines and sanctions and consumer class actions. 61 In the European Union, the EU AI Act establishes
a comprehensive, risk-based governance framework for AI in the EU market. The EU AI Act entered in force on August 1, 2024, and the majority
of the substantive requirements will apply two years later (beginning 2026). The EU AI Act will apply to companies that develop, use
and/or provide AI in the European Union and includes requirements around transparency, conformity assessments and monitoring, risk assessments,
human oversight, security, accuracy, general purpose AI and foundation models, and proposes fines for breach of up to 7% of worldwide
annual turnover (revenue). Additionally, in September of 2022, the European Commission proposed two Directives seeking to establish a
harmonized civil liability regime for AI in the European Union, in order to facilitate civil claims in respect of harm caused by AI and
to include AI-enabled products within the scope of the European Union’s existing strict liability regime. Once fully applicable,
the EU AI Act will have a material impact on the way AI is regulated in the European Union, and together with developing guidance and/or
decisions in this area, may affect our use of AI and our ability to provide, improve, or commercialize our cloud services, and could
require additional compliance measures and changes to our operations and processes. Moreover, the protectability and ownership of
intellectual property, including patent and copyright, resulting from the use of AI technologies has not been fully addressed by courts
or laws or regulations. To the extent we use AI technologies to generate or develop other technology, we may have difficulty enforcing
intellectual property rights in other such technology. In addition, the use or adoption of AI technologies into our offerings may result
in exposure to claims of copyright infringement or other intellectual property misappropriation based on the inputs or outputs of such
systems. As the legal and regulatory framework for AI and automated decision making evolves, we may not always be able to anticipate
how to respond to these laws or regulations, and compliance may adversely impact our operations and involve significant expenditure and
resources. Any failure by us to comply may result in significant liability, potential increases in civil claims against us, negative
publicity, an erosion of trust, and/or increased regulation and could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations,
and financial condition. Issues in the development
and use of AI may result in reputational or competitive harm or liability . We provide infrastructure
services, and we are also providing computing power for AI available for our customers to use in solutions that they build. We are providing
supporting/computing power to clients, including our strategic partners who develop AI systems. We expect this integration of AI into
our offerings and our business in general to grow. AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our
business. AI algorithms or training methodologies may be flawed. Datasets may be overbroad, insufficient, or contain biased information.
Content generated by AI systems may be offensive, illegal, or otherwise harmful. Ineffective or inadequate AI development or deployment
practices by our Company or others could result in incidents that impair the acceptance of AI solutions or cause harm to individuals,
customers, or society, or result in our products and services not working as intended. Human review of certain outputs may be required.
As a result of these and other challenges associated with innovative technologies, our implementation of AI systems could subject us
to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability, including under new proposed legislation regulating AI in jurisdictions, new
applications of existing data protection, privacy, intellectual property, and other laws, and brand or reputational harm. Some AI scenarios
present ethical issues or may have broad impacts on society. If we provide supporting/computing AI services that have unintended consequences,
unintended usage or customization by our customers and partners, or are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy,
employment, or other social, economic, or political issues, we may experience brand or reputational harm, adversely affecting our business
and consolidated financial statements. We are subject to
governmental regulation and other legal obligations related to data privacy, data protection and information security. If we are unable
to comply with these, we may be subject to governmental enforcement actions, litigation, fines and penalties or adverse publicity. We collect and process
data, including personal, financial and confidential information about individuals, including our employees and business partners; however,
not of any customers or other third parties. The collection, use and processing of such data about individuals are governed by data privacy
laws and regulations enacted in the U.S. (federal and state), and other jurisdictions around the world. These data privacy laws and regulations
are complex, continue to evolve, and on occasion may be inconsistent between jurisdictions leading to uncertainty in interpreting such
laws and it is possible that these laws, regulations and requirements may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent
with our existing information processing practices, and many of these laws are significantly litigated and/or subject to regulatory enforcement.
The implication of this includes that various federal, state and foreign legislative or regulatory bodies may enact or adopt new or additional
laws and regulations concerning data privacy, data retention, data transfer, and data protection. Such laws may continue to restrict
or dictate how we collect, maintain, combine and disseminate information and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations, financial condition and prospects. In the United States,
there are numerous federal and state laws and regulations that could apply to our operations or the operations of our partners, including
data breach notification laws, financial information and other data privacy laws, and consumer protection laws and regulations (e.g.,
Section 5 of the FTC Act), that govern the collection, use, disclosure, and protection of personal information. 62 Existing and increasing
legal and regulatory requirements could adversely affect our results of operations. We are subject to a
wide range of laws, regulations, and legal requirements in the U.S. and globally, including those that may apply to our products and
online services offerings, and those that impose requirements related to user privacy, telecommunications, data storage and protection,
advertising, and online content. Laws in several jurisdictions, including EU Member State laws under the European Electronic Communications
Code, increasingly define certain of our services as regulated telecommunications services. This trend may continue and will result in
these offerings being subjected to additional data protection, security, law enforcement surveillance, and other obligations. Regulators
and private litigants may assert that our collection, use, and management of customer data and other information is inconsistent with
their laws and regulations, including laws that apply to the tracking of users via technology such as cookies. New environmental, social,
and governance laws and regulations are expanding mandatory disclosure, reporting, and diligence requirements. Legislative or regulatory
action relating to cybersecurity requirements may increase the costs to develop, implement, or secure our products and services. Compliance
with evolving digital accessibility laws and standards will require engineering and is important to our efforts to empower all people
and organizations to achieve more. Legislative and regulatory action is emerging in the areas of AI and content moderation, which could
increase costs or restrict opportunity. For example, in the EU, an AI Act is being considered, and may entail increased costs or decreased
opportunities for the operation of our AI services in the European market. Regulatory and legislative
developments related to climate change, may materially adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, operating results and financial
condition. A number of governments
or governmental bodies have introduced or are contemplating legislative and regulatory changes in response to various climate change
interest groups and the potential impact of climate change. Given the very significant amount of electrical power required to operate
digital asset mining machines, as well the environmental impact of mining for the rare earth metals used in the production of mining
servers, the digital asset mining industry may become a target for future environmental and energy regulation. For example, in June and
July of 2021, the Chinese government prohibited the operation of mining machines and supply of energy to mining businesses, citing concerns
regarding high levels of energy consumption, which resulted in our suspension of mining operations in China. U.S. legislation and increased
regulation regarding climate change could impose significant costs on us and our suppliers, including costs related to increased energy
requirements, capital equipment, environmental monitoring and reporting, and other costs to comply with such regulations. Specifically,
imposition of a carbon tax or other regulatory fee in a jurisdiction where we operate or on electricity that we purchase could result
in substantially higher energy costs, and due to the significant amount of electrical power required to operate digital asset mining
machines, could in turn put our facilities at a competitive disadvantage. Any future climate change regulations could also negatively
impact our ability to compete with companies situated in areas not subject to such limitations. Given the political significance and
uncertainty around the impact of climate change and how it should be addressed, we cannot predict how legislation and regulation will
affect our financial condition, operating performance and ability to compete. Furthermore, even without such regulation, increased awareness
and any adverse publicity in the global marketplace about potential impacts on climate change by us or other companies in our industry
could harm our reputation. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
and cash flows. A particular digital
asset’s status as a “security” in any relevant jurisdiction is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and if a regulator
disagrees with our characterization of a digital asset, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, and other penalties,
which may adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. Furthermore, a determination that Bitcoin or any
other digital asset that we own or mine is a “security” may adversely affect the value of such digital asset and our business. The SEC and its staff
have taken the position that certain digital assets fall within the definition of a “security” under the U.S. federal securities
laws. The legal test for determining whether any given digital asset is a security, as described below, is a highly complex, fact-driven
analysis that has evolved over time. Our determination that the digital assets we hold are not securities is a risk-based assessment
and not a legal standard or one binding on regulators. As of the date of this report, with the exception of certain centrally issued
digital assets that have received “no-action” letters from the SEC staff, bitcoin and ETH are the only digital assets which
senior officials at the SEC have publicly stated are unlikely to be considered securities. As a digital asset mining company, we do not
believe we are an issuer of any “securities” as defined under the federal securities laws. Our internal process for determining
whether the digital assets we hold or plan to hold is based upon the public statements of the SEC and existing case law. The digital
assets we hold or plan to hold, other than bitcoin and ETH, may have been created by an issuer as an investment contract under the Howey
test, SEC v. Howey Co ., 328 U.S. 293 (1946), and may be deemed to be securities by the SEC. However, the Company
was not the issuer that created these digital assets and is holding them on an interim basis until liquidated. Should the SEC state in
the future that U.S. digital currency tokens or other digital assets we hold are securities, we may subject to additional securities
laws’ requirements and may no longer be able to hold any of these digital assets. It will then likely become difficult or impossible
for such digital assets to be traded, cleared or custodied in the United States through the same channels used by non-security digital
assets, which in addition to materially and adversely affecting the trading value of the digital assets is likely to cause substantial
volatility and significantly impact their liquidity and market participants’ ability to convert the digital assets into U.S. dollars.
Our inability to exchange bitcoin for fiat currency or other digital assets (and vice versa) and to administer our treasury management
objectives may decrease our earnings potential and have an adverse impact on our business and financial condition. 63 Under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, a company may fall within the definition of an investment company under Section 3(c)(1)(A) thereof if
it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading
in securities, or under Section 3(a)(1)(C) thereof if it is engaged or proposes to engage in business of investing, reinvesting, owning,
holding, or trading in securities, and owns or proposes to acquire “investment securities” (as defined) having a value exceeding
40% of its total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. There is no authoritative law,
rule or binding guidance published by the SEC regarding the status of digital assets as “securities” or “investment
securities” under the Investment Company Act. Although we believe that we are not engaged in the business of investing, reinvesting,
or trading in investment securities, and we do not hold ourselves out as being primarily engaged, or proposing to engage primarily, in
the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities, to the extent the digital assets which we mine, own, or otherwise acquire
may be deemed “securities” or “investment securities” by the SEC or a court of competent jurisdiction, we may
meet the definition of an investment company. If we fall within the definition of an investment company under the Investment Company
Act, we would be required to register with the SEC. If an investment company fails to register, it likely would have to stop doing almost
all business, and its contracts would become voidable. Generally non-U.S. issuers may not register as an investment company without an
SEC order. The classification of
a digital asset as a security under the applicable law has wide-ranging implications for the regulatory obligations that flow from the
mining, sale and trading of such assets. For example, a digital asset that is a security in the United States may generally only be offered
or sold in the United States pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC or in an offering that qualifies for an exemption
from registration. Persons that effect transactions in digital assets that are deemed securities in the United States may be subject
to registration with the SEC as a “broker” or “dealer.” Although the March 17,
2026 SEC interpretive release provided a framework for evaluating which digital assets may constitute securities, updating the Howey
analysis, and offering guidance on network-based economic activities, there still exists considerable regulatory uncertainty and potential
enforcement exposure associated with digital asset holdings and transactions. There can be no assurances
that we will properly characterize any given digital asset as a security or non-security for purposes of determining which digital assets
to mine, hold and trade, or that the SEC, or a court, if the question was presented to it, would agree with our assessment. We could
be subject to judicial or administrative sanctions for failing to offer or sell digital assets in compliance with the registration requirements,
or for acting as a broker or dealer without appropriate registration. Such an action could result in injunctions, cease and desist orders,
as well as civil monetary penalties, fines, and disgorgement, criminal liability, and reputational harm. Further, if bitcoin is deemed
to be a security under the laws of any U.S. federal, state, or local jurisdiction, or in a proceeding in a court of law or otherwise,
it may have adverse consequences for such digital asset. For instance, all transactions in such supported digital asset would have to
be registered with the SEC, or conducted in accordance with an exemption from registration, which could severely limit its liquidity,
usability and transactability. For instance, all transactions in such supported digital asset would have to be registered with the SEC,
or conducted in accordance with an exemption from registration, which could severely limit its liquidity, usability and transactability.
Further, it could draw negative publicity and a decline in the general acceptance of the digital asset. Also, it may make it difficult
for such digital asset to be traded, cleared, and custodied as compared to other digital assets that are not considered to be securities. Enactment of the
Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021 (the “Infrastructure Act”) may have an adverse impact on our business and
financial condition. On November 15, 2021,
President Joseph R. Biden signed the Infrastructure Act. Section 80603 of the Infrastructure Act modifies and amends the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986 (the “Code”) by requiring brokers of digital asset transactions to report their customers to the IRS. This provision
was included to enforce the taxability of digital asset transactions. Section 80603 defines “broker” as “any person
who (for consideration) is responsible for regularly providing any service effectuating transfers of digital assets on behalf of another
person.” That could potentially include miners, validators, and developers of decentralized applications. These functions play
a critical role in our business and in the functioning of the blockchain ecosystem. Importantly, these functions have no way of identifying
their anonymous users. Indeed, bitcoin’s blockchain was designed for anonymity. 64 This reporting requirement
took effect on January 1, 2023, and the implementation of these requirements is ongoing. The Company is closely monitoring the situation
and waiting for more issuance of updated guidance from government agencies. The Company deems that it doesn’t qualify as “broker”
under section 80603 and therefore it is not required to report its customers to the IRS under such provision. Disclosing the identity
of our bitcoin mining operations and associated accounts to ensure they can be taxed by the IRS could cause a significant devaluing of
our business, the bitcoin currency, and the entire digital assets market. Additionally, noncompliance with this provision could lead
to significant fines and or regulatory actions against our company. Risks related to
material pending crypto legislation or regulations On the federal level,
by certain accounts, more than 100 bills were introduced in Congress to regulate cryptocurrency and digital assets. Except as described
in other specific

