TICKER: CATX
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain using our proprietary generator technologies; and • ability to use our 203 Pb imaging diagnostics to enrich targeted patient populations and determine treatment therapeutic suitability. We believe the multiple mechanisms of action of our TATs may give them the ability to treat hard-to-treat tumors and the potential to work synergistically with other approved oncology therapies. The primary mechanism of action of 212 Pb is direct cell damage through the induction of multiple double-stranded DNA breaks. A secondary mechanism, which would likely expand the effective direct cell kill range of the alpha particles, is referred to as the Bystander Effect, which involves the propagation of alpha particle-induced cell death from irradiated dying cells to kill adjacent non-irradiated cells in a three-dimensional solid tumor model. The Bystander Effect has been shown to be as significant to the overall efficacy in killing cancer cells as the direct DNA breaks. Alpha vs. Beta Radiopharmaceuticals There are two main classes of therapeutic radiopharmaceuticals, which differ based on the types of particles that are emitted - beta-emitting isotopes and alpha-emitting isotopes. Historically, due to the readily available supply of beta-emitting isotopes and the better understanding of their chemistry and biology, they were more widely used than alpha-emitting isotopes. As a result, first-generation-targeted therapeutic radiopharmaceuticals were based on beta-emitting isotopes, which kill cancer cells primarily by creating free radicals that damage cellular machinery and cause single-stranded DNA breaks, which can be repaired by the cell. As a result, certain cancers are refractory to beta particle-based radiopharmaceutical treatment. Products based on beta-emitting isotopes have been developed successfully, but as the development of radiopharmaceuticals has continued to evolve, a deeper understanding of the potential of alpha-emitting isotopes for treating cancer has emerged. Compared to beta particles, alpha particles can cause greater physical damage to cancer cells, including multiple double-stranded DNA breaks, which are very difficult for cancer cells to overcome, unlike in the case of single-stranded DNA breaks. Rather, double-stranded DNA breaks are highly lethal, with even a single double-stranded break being sufficient to cause cancer cell death. Alpha particles are over 7,000 times more massive than beta particles, resulting in a significantly higher energy transfer rate, providing alpha particles the advantage of depositing a high amount of tumor-killing energy over a short distance of one to two cells, compared to the relatively long distance of up to 12 mm for beta particles. The amount of energy produced by alpha particles is high enough such that only a small number of alpha particles are required to cause cell death. This feature, when combined with their short path length, enables alpha particles to cause damage only to cancer cells in close proximity, reducing the risk of off-target radiation and normal cell damage that can occur with beta particles. However, because of the short travel distance, alpha particles need to be delivered into or on the surface of tumor cells to achieve the desired therapeutic effect. 7 Table of Contents Commercially Available Radiopharmaceuticals Two of the earliest antibody-targeted radiopharmaceuticals, Bexxar, marketed by GlaxoSmithKline, and Zevalin, marketed by Acrotech Biopharma, LLC, are beta-emitting therapies whose market acceptance was hampered by several issues, including handling and administration difficulties, supply chain challenges and reimbursement complications. However, next-generation radiopharmaceuticals that have overcome the challenges faced by first-generation radiopharmaceuticals have since been developed and approved, and over the past decade the global radiopharmaceutical market has been growing rapidly. One such approved, next-generation targeted radiopharmaceutical therapy is Lutathera, a beta-emitting therapy marketed by Novartis. Novartis reported that fiscal year 2025 sales revenue from Lutathera was $816 million, up 12% from fiscal year 2024, despite only being approved for a subset of neuroendocrine cancers that affect the pancreas or gastrointestinal tract, known as GEP-NETs. Another radiopharmaceutical therapy, Pluvicto, a beta-emitting radioligand therapy marketed by Novartis, was initially approved to treat progressive prostate-specific membrane antigen (PSMA) positive metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer and is being further developed by Novartis for other prostate cancer indications. Novartis reported that fiscal year 2025 sales revenue for Pluvicto was $2.0 billion, up 42% from fiscal year 2024. Our TAT Platform Through the use of proprietary, specialized targeting peptides, we are able to obtain patient images using Lead-203 ( 203 Pb) and then deliver a powerful alpha-particle radiotherapy directly to the tumor using 212 Pb labeled radiotherapies, potentially limiting damage to healthy tissue. Utilizing a radioactive imaging agent that emits gamma rays, 203 Pb, connected to a specific targeting peptide, we have the ability to image tumors. Because 203 Pb and 212 Pb are elementally identical, we can use the imaging information to understand the biodistribution and pharmacokinetics of the 212 Pb alpha-particle therapy using the same targeting peptide to treat and potentially kill cancerous cells. This two-step, personalized medicine approach, as depicted below, offers the ability to understand which patients may respond to our therapy and potentially improve efficacy while minimizing toxicity associated with many other types of cancer treatments. Human Image: Cagle et al. European Association of Nuclear Medicine 2024, Presentation Number: OP-473 8 Table of Contents Our image-guided TAT leverages a specialized targeting peptide to deliver cancer-killing 212 Pb directly to the tumor. Our process for selecting cancer targets is designed to ensure that such targets are overexpressed in cancer cells and minimally expressed on normal healthy cells. When the peptide is radiolabeled with 203 Pb, the patient can be imaged (i.e., single-photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) and computed tomography (CT)) to reveal cancer cells in the body. When the peptide is radiolabeled with 212 Pb, the target-peptide binding can deliver powerful, yet locally deposited, cancer-killing alpha-particle radiation directly to cancer cells. This targeting mechanism allows for maximized therapeutic effects while minimizing off-target toxicities and may be used as a monotherapy or in combination with other precision treatments, such as targeted intracellular pathway inhibitors and immune checkpoint inhibitors. Our TAT platform is highlighted by research and insights into the underlying biology of alpha-emitting radiopharmaceuticals as well as our differentiated capabilities in target identification, candidate generation, manufacturing and supply chain, and the development of imaging diagnostics. Our TAT platform was primarily developed over 15 years at the University of Iowa. We believe that our TATs have the potential to be broadly applicable across multiple targets and tumor types and transform the treatment landscape of radiopharmaceuticals for the treatment of cancer. 212 Pb (Lead-212) Although there are many beta- and alpha-emitting isotopes, we believe that the ideal therapeutic isotope should emit alpha particles at a high rate over a relatively short period of time in order to maximize damage to cancer cells and increase efficacy. Alpha particles kill tumors through multiple mechanisms. The primary mechanism of action is direct cell damage through the induction of multiple double-stranded DNA breaks. As alpha particles traverse the nucleus of a cell, they create a linear track of direct chromosomal damage, leaving behind multiple clusters of double-stranded DNA breaks. These direct alpha particles can kill cells up to a distance of 100 µm, which is equal to a depth of a few cells. A secondary mechanism, which would expand effective direct cell kill range of the alpha particle, is referred to as the Bystander Effect. This effect has been shown to be as significant to the overall efficacy in killing cancer cells as the direct DNA breaks. The Bystander Effect has been shown to propagate alpha particle-induced cell death from irradiated dying cells to kill adjacent non-irradiated cells up to 1,000 µm away in a three-dimensional solid tumor model. A third mechanism by which alpha-particle therapy enhances the body’s own anti-tumor immune response is less well understood but has been widely observed and reported. In our own preclinical studies, we have observed a vaccine-like effect that prevented the regrowth of tumors upon re-challenge. This is an area of ongoing investigation by us and the international scientific community. Our findings were reported by our Vice President of Discovery, Dr. Mengshi Li, et.al. in the peer-reviewed journal Cancers 2021, 13: 3676, 2021 and showed that the cooperative effect between [ 212 Pb]VMT01 and immune checkpoint inhibitors were also observed in a heterogeneous preclinical melanoma model. Induction of this cooperative effect was found even with 2 Gy of alpha-ration in tumor. We believe 212 Pb is an optimal therapeutic isotope as compared to currently commercially available radiopharmaceuticals as well as other alpha therapies in development. With a half-life of 10.6 hours, 212 Pb is ideally suited to deliver powerful alpha-particle therapy to cancerous tumors, while representing a lower risk for off-target unintended effects. The decay properties of the 212 Pb isotope and the rapid excretion of drug that has not bound to the tumor target provide the potential for treatment on an outpatient basis. 9 Table of Contents The graphic below provides our illustration of the comparison of the key differences between beta particles and alpha emitters. *Daughter isotopes USPI for 177Lu vipivotide tetraxetan. Sgouros G. Alpha-particles for targeted therapy. Adv Drug Deliv Rev. 2008;60(12):1402-1406. doi:10.1016/j.addr.2008.04.007 212 Pb is an alpha-emitting nuclide that acts as the therapeutic in our innovative theranostic approach. The higher linear-energy transfer of alpha particles, compared to beta particles, results in an increased incidence of double-stranded DNA breaks and improved localized cancer cell damage. We believe 212 Pb half-life of 10.6 hours provides many significant advantages over other radiotherapies, including faster clearance and the potential for reduced off-site toxicity. Its decay chain includes the short-lived isotopes bismuth-212, polonium-212 and thallium-208, which all emit either alpha or beta during decay over about another hour. The end of the decay chain is the stable element lead-208. To maximize the potential clinical benefit of radiopharmaceuticals to patients and minimize potential toxicity issues, we believe that TATs must selectively localize and remain within the tumor while the portions of the TAT that are not localized within the tumor are rapidly cleared from the body. Nearly 15 years of work by our co-founder, Dr. Michael Schultz, colleagues at the University of Iowa and our team members resulted in the development of our proprietary TAT, Pb-specific chelator (PSC) and peptide linker technology to enable the delivery of isotopes to tumor cells while simultaneously promoting enhanced clearance of the non-tumor localized isotopes. Due to the short half-life of 212 Pb and the small size of the compounds, when our TATs are not bound to targeted cancer cells, they rapidly clear from the body, primarily through the urinary system, along with any isotopes bound to the linker. This results in lower total body radiation exposure when compared to radiopharmaceuticals designed with longer lived isotopes or larger molecular weight targeting moieties, such as antibodies or antibody fragments. We believe that our TATs’ ability to promote clearance without compromising the tumor’s uptake of the alpha particle overcomes a longstanding challenge of radiopharmaceutical drug development. Our Chemistry and Biology Expertise with 212 Pb We believe that our experience working with alpha-emitting radiopharmaceuticals positions us to build on the success of currently approved radiopharmaceuticals. By utilizing the advantages of 212 Pb and our proprietary chelator, we have the ability to develop next-generation radiopharmaceutical therapies. 212 Pb has complex chemistry and requires extensive experience and expertise to develop and properly characterize 212 Pb radiopharmaceuticals with regard to the required tumor targeting, shelf-life, in vivo stability and potential for commercial-scale manufacturing. For example, the high energy emitted from 212 Pb could cause product candidates to prematurely degrade. We believe we have the experience and know-how to develop molecules and formulations of 212 Pb to maximize the shelf-life of our product candidates and allow for regional production and distribution. In addition to a deep understanding of the chemistry of 212 Pb, we believe we have differentiated knowledge of the underlying biology of 212 Pb and its mechanisms of directly damaging the DNA of tumors through single- and double-stranded DNA breaks, the Bystander Effect and use of the immune system’s adaptive response to attack non-target expressing tumors in order to stimulate a vaccine effect. 10 Table of Contents Imaging Diagnostics – 203 Pb For each of our product candidates, we create an imaging analogue that utilizes the same linker and targeting molecule but replaces 212 Pb with the radioactive imaging isotope 203 Pb. This allows us to assess uptake of the imaging analogue into the targeted tumor and to determine radiation doses to key organs. The imaging analogue versions of our product candidates are leveraged in both preclinical and clinical development and are used to enrich the patient population in our clinical trials by identifying the patients and tumor types more likely to respond to therapy. 203 Pb is a gamma-emitting nuclide that acts as the diagnostic in our innovative theranostic approach. 203 Pb has a long enough half-life to facilitate radiopharmaceutical preparation and gamma-ray imaging (e.g., SPECT or planar gamma camera) at time points up to 24 hours and, potentially, 48 hours post administration. The ability to collect data on the biodistribution of 203 Pb over this period allows for a more detailed understanding of tumor and other organ accumulation, retention and clearance that can be used as part of a treatment planning process for determining appropriately administered radioactivity levels of 212 Pb for alpha-particle therapy. Our Pipeline We are leveraging our TAT platform to advance a pipeline of alpha-based therapeutic programs to treat various cancers. The table below details our current pipeline of TATs, indicating the status of each of our three lead programs in clinic within our broad proprietary pipeline at March 12, 2026. To date, we have retained global development and commercialization rights to all our product candidates. In January 2024, we announced we had entered into a strategic agreement with an affiliate of Lantheus Holdings, Inc. (Lantheus) whereby in exchange for an upfront payment of $28 million (less certain withholding amounts), Lantheus obtained an exclusive option to negotiate for an exclusive license to our [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET and a right to co-fund the Investigational New Drug (IND)-enabling studies for early-stage therapeutic candidates targeting PSMA and gastrin-releasing peptide receptor (GRPR) and, prior to IND filing, a right to negotiate for an exclusive license to such candidates. Programs VMT-α-NET: A Targeted Alpha Therapy Targeting SSTR2 Overview We designed VMT-α-NET to target and deliver 212 Pb to cancer-specific receptors on tumor cells expressing SSTR2, a protein that is overexpressed in neuroendocrine tumors (NETs) and other cancers. [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET is a TAT in development for patients with unresectable or metastatic SSTR2-expressing tumors who have not previously received peptide-targeted radiopharmaceutical therapy, such as Lutathera. 11 Table of Contents NETs are a group of rare, heterogeneous tumors that develop in different organs of the body and arise from specialized cells in the neuroendocrine system. Both the incidence and prevalence of NETs have continued to rise globally over several decades, primarily due to improvements in the diagnosis and surveillance of disease. Earlier detection has not only given rise to an increase in localized disease diagnoses but also improvements in staging, disease classification, management and survival. Despite these advancements, delayed diagnosis is still common due to asymptomatic presentation or nonspecific symptoms. As noted by N. Patel and B. Benipal in Incidence of Neuroendocrine Tumors in the United States from 2001-2015: A United States Cancer Statistics Analysis of 50 States , gastroenteropancreatic NETs, or GEP NETs, represent the most common NET subtype, comprising 55–70% of all NETs, followed by lung (22-27%). In Epidemiologic trends of and factors associated with overall survival in patients with neuroendocrine tumors over the last two decades in the USA . , P. Wu, D. He, H. Chang, and X. Zhang estimated that more than 12,000 people in the U.S. are diagnosed with a NET each year, and current prevalence of NETs in the U.S is approximately 170,000 patients per year. As NETs display a wide variety of biologic behavior, the prognosis differs immensely between indolent limited disease grade 1 tumors and widely spread grade 3 carcinomas. The median overall survival rate also varies widely in the highly heterogeneous NET populations and is based on site, stage and grade of disease. It is estimated that 80% of NETs over-express SSTR2. For this reason, somatostatin analogues are a cornerstone of the treatment of most NETs. In addition to SSTR2 analogs, low-grade and/or localized disease is amenable to surgical intervention and carries a good prognosis in terms of five-year overall survival rate (>90%), but there remains recurrence risk. High-grade and/or distant disease is more difficult to treat and carries lower median survival rates, typically measured in months. Radioligand therapy has emerged as a promising therapeutic option for GEP NETs in late stage and is being evaluated for earlier lines of treatment. We believe there is additional opportunity for radioligand therapy in earlier lines of treatment and other somatostatin-expressing NET indications, such as meningioma, lung and pheochromocytoma/paraganglioma NETs, where there remains significant unmet medical need. In October 2024, Research and Markets Newswire reported worldwide sales for systemic NET treatments were valued at $3.6 billion in 2023 and are estimated to reach $6.9 billion by the end of 2030. Using a specialized peptide, VMT-α-NET is designed to target and bind to the SSTR2 on tumor cells. As a diagnostic, we link 203 Pb, a radioactive imaging agent that emits gamma rays, to its SSTR2-targeting peptide. Through the use of imaging scans, we are able to characterize the tumor to confirm the patient’s cancer expresses SSTR2. This confirms the patient may be a candidate for treatment. As a therapeutic, we link 212 Pb, its alpha-particle radioactive isotope, to the same SSTR2 targeting peptide which has been shown to bind and kill cancerous cells. In 2022, we received a “safe to proceed” decision on an IND application with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to evaluate [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET therapy under IND #160357. The indication of the opening study is treatment of advanced SSTR2-positive NETs patients who are progressing on, symptomatic on, or intolerant of approved non-radiological therapies. Later in 2022, we received Fast Track Designation for this program based on preclinical data for the indication of SSTR2-positive NETs regardless of prior treatment response. Additionally, we may pursue a priority review voucher (PRV) for [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET for the rare pediatric disease of advanced neuroblastoma after review of additional trial data. Preclinical Studies of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET Our therapeutic [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET has demonstrated positive clinical activity in preclinical studies using a mouse model of NETs, whereby [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET significantly inhibited tumor growth and significantly improved survival compared to untreated mice controls. Our diagnostic [ 203 Pb]VMT-α-NET has produced strong SPECT/CT imaging and tumor contrast in multiple preclinical studies using mouse models of tumors expressing SSTR2, whereby [ 203 Pb]VMT-α-NET has shown an 8-fold improved tumor uptake with decreased kidney retention as compared to 203 Pb radiolabeled DOTATOC. DOTATOC is an established targeting compound for imaging SSTR2-expressing NETs and is FDA approved for use when radiolabeled to positron emission tomography (PET) isotopes for certain forms of neuroendocrine tumors. At the Annual Congress of the European Association of Nuclear Medicine in September 2023, we presented mouse model data highlighting the efficacy of [ 203/212 Pb]VMT-α-NET in treating metastatic neuroblastoma tumors. The study showed successful tumor uptake via sequential SPECT imaging and demonstrated a maximum tolerated dose (MTD) of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET as 2.22 MBq without acute toxicity, with a 100% overall survival rate at 90 days observed in the group receiving three fractionated doses of 740 kBq of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET. 12 Table of Contents At the World Molecular Imaging Congress in September 2023, we presented data highlighting the effectiveness of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET in treating neuroendocrine tumors in a tumor xenograft mouse model. The results highlighted the significant therapeutic efficacy of treatment with three fractionated doses of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET, which resulted in a 70% complete response rate and 80% survival at 120 days. Our first-in-human experience with [ 203 Pb]VMT-α-NET imaging occurred under the supervision of the attending physician at the University of Ulm in Dresden, Germany in 2021 in a patient with metastatic and refractory gastrointestinal NET. Imaging from this study using [ 203 Pb]VMT-α-NET revealed favorable properties, including rapid tumor accumulation, rapid renal clearance and excellent tumor retention as seen by SPECT/CT imaging at 22 hours with high tumor conspicuity. There were no adverse signs or symptoms attributed to the imaging tracer. The pharmacokinetic and biodistribution properties of the imaging agent, based on semi-quantitative medical physics analysis by the team at the University of Ulm, suggest the potential for the chemically identical therapeutic agent, [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET, to be administered without concurrent renal protective amino acid infusion in radiotherapy naïve patients. This would be a clinically relevant point of differentiation from the current practice using approved radiopharmaceutical products for NETs. Company-Sponsored Trials of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET We have a multi-center open-label study (clinicaltrials.gov identifier NCT05636618) of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET, a targeted alpha-particle therapy, for patients with advanced SSTR2-positive neuroendocrine tumors. This protocol was amended in 2025 to use the Bayesian Optimal Interval Phase 1/2 design and to determine the optimal biologic dose (OBD) in adult patients with unresectable or metastatic NETs of gastrointestinal, lung, adrenal or neural tissue origin. The primary endpoints of this study are safety and tolerability, determination of a recommended dose for subsequent study and determination of pharmacokinetic properties. Secondary endpoints are overall response rate by response evaluation criteria in solid tumors (RECIST) v.1.1, progression-free survival by RECIST v.1.1 and overall survival. Patients with positive uptake on FDA-approved SSTR2 PET/CT will receive a fixed dose of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET IV administered at the recommended Phase 2 dose and schedule. In November 2024, at the North American Tumor Society’s NANETS Multidisciplinary NET Medical Symposium, we announced initial results from this study and have announced further updates to these initial results in January 2025 at the 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium, in May 2025 at the 2025 American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO 2025) Annual Meeting, in October 2025 at the European Society for Medical Oncology Congress 2025 (ESMO), and in January 2026 at the 2026 ASCO Gastrointestinal Cancers Symposium (ASCO-GI 2026). We initially dosed two patients in Cohort 1 (treated at 2.5 mCi per dose) and seven patients in Cohort 2 (treated at 5.0 mCi per dose) of our Phase 1/2a study of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET in patients with unresectable or metastatic SSTR2-expressing NETs, regardless of body weight. Subsequent review for dose-limiting toxicity (DLT) during the safety observation period in the seven patients in Cohort 2 by the Safety Monitoring Committee (SMC) led the SMC to recommend escalating further in a third cohort and enrolling additional patients at 5.0 mCi to better understand efficacy and safety. During the second quarter of 2025, enrollment for Cohort 2 closed with an additional 39 patients having received at least one treatment, for a total of 46 patients including the seven who were enrolled for DLT observation. In late June 2025, we announced the opening of Cohort 3 in which patients will receive up to four fixed administered doses of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET at 6.0 mCi every eight weeks if they weigh more than 60 kg (133 lb), or 100μCi/kg of body weight if they weigh less than or equal to 60 kg. Eight Cohort 3 patients then commenced treatment and contributed to the DLT assessment by the SMC. The DLT assessment is now complete, and we are cleared to treat more patients at this dose, with eight additional patients already treated as of February 28, 2026, for a total of 16 patients. By mid-2026, the eight DLT patients would have had the opportunity for at least 32 weeks of follow up since beginning treatment, which is sufficient time to have completed at least one scan following the full course of treatment. During January 2026, updated interim results with a data cut-off date of December 10, 2025, were presented at ASCO-GI 2026. The 56 patients in the safety analysis comprised two patients in Cohort 1 (2.5 mCi), 46 patients in Cohort 2 (5.0 mCi) and eight patients in Cohort 3 (6.0 mCi), each of whom had received at least one treatment. There were no DLTs, no treatment-related discontinuations, and no serious renal complications, dysphagia or clinically significant treatment-related myelosuppression reported. Grade 3 or higher treatment-emergent adverse events were reported in 21 patients (37.5%). One of these patients, who was enrolled in Cohort 3, experienced a transient Grade 4 event (lymphocyte count decrease). This event was transient and resolved without medical intervention. The patient continues to receive [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET treatment. There were no Grade 5 events. Serious adverse events were reported in five patients, with none deemed related to the study medication. 13 Table of Contents In October 2025 at ESMO, we reported interim efficacy data for two patients in Cohort 1 and 23 patients in Cohort 2. At ASCO-GI 2026, we presented updated efficacy analysis for the same 25 patients from ESMO with an additional 13 weeks of follow up since the presentation at ESMO. Of the 25 patients, 19 (76%) were without progression and remained alive, including both of the patients in Cohort 1. Nine (39%) patients in Cohort 2 were observed to have response according to investigator-assessed RECIST v1.1. Eight (35%) of those responses were confirmed and previously reported at ESMO; one additional patient experienced an initial response in their most recent tumor assessment after the prior update at ESMO. As the patient remains on the study, the patient is expected to receive a subsequent tumor assessment. Seven patients were observed to have deepening of best response, including one patient with stable disease. As of February 28, 2026, the first 23 patients in Cohort 2 would have had the opportunity for at least 48 weeks of follow up since beginning treatment, and by mid-2026, we expect all 46 patients in Cohort 2 would have had the opportunity for at least 48 weeks of follow up since beginning treatment. We believe our clinical data package positions us for meaningful regulatory engagement in 2026 to align on the path forward. During the dose finding phase of the study, we enrolled primarily NETs patients whose disease originated in the pancreas or the digestive track. We have allowance for enrollment of NETs patients whose disease originated in the lung (of which small cell lung cancer is a subset), and pheochromocytoma/paraganglioma NETs, as well as SSTR2+ meningioma. 1 Change in sum of diameters from baseline per RECIST v1.1. Data shown for Cohort 2; one patient had a non-evaluable scan post baseline scan and, therefore, it is not included in this chart. Halfdanarson TR et al, Presentation at ASCO-GI 2026. Data cut-off date December 10, 2025. Investigator-Initiated Clinical Research and Section 13-2(B) Usage of [ 212 Pb/ 203 Pb]VMT-α-NET The National Institutes of Health (NIH) is conducting a prospective institutional review board (IRB)-approved, standard 3+3 dose escalation design phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06479811) using [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET in radionuclide therapy naive patients. The first three patients enrolled were diagnosed with olfactory neuroblastoma, although the study allows for five different SSTR-tumor types. Four dose levels (2.5 mCi, 5.0 mCi, 7.5 mCi and 10 mCi) are included in the trial with each course consisting of four cycles of therapy eight weeks apart. The DLT period is 12 weeks after the first cycle of therapy and enrollment opened in August 2025. The investigators plan to report on their results during the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging 2026 Annual Meeting (SNMMI 2026) taking place from May 30 - June 2, 2026. 14 Table of Contents The NIH is also conducting a prospective IRB-approved, standard 3+3 dose escalation design phase 1 clinical trial (NCT06427798) using [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET in patients diagnosed with metastatic pheochromocytoma/paraganglioma or gastrointestinal NETs who have been previously treated with at least one cycle of systemic radionuclide therapy. Three dose levels (2.5 mCi, 5.0 mCi and 7.5 mCi) are included with each course consisting of four cycles of therapy eight weeks apart. The trial opened for enrollment in February 2025 and the DLT period is 12 weeks after the first cycle of therapy. The investigators plan to report on their results during SNMMI 2026. The University of Iowa is conducting an investigator-initiated Phase 1 trial (clinicaltrials.gov identifier NCT05111509) to investigate the feasibility of using [ 203 Pb]VMT-α-NET to enable personalized, image-guided therapy dose calculations for [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET therapy in patients with recurrent NETs after treatment with approved radiopharmaceutical therapy (RPT). In addition, in December 2023, we announced that the first patient was dosed at the University of Iowa in an investigator-initiated Phase 1 trial evaluating the safety of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET in patients with unresectable or metastatic SSTR2-expressing neuroendocrine tumors. The patients enrolled in the study had either progressed or relapsed after previous therapies, including currently approved PRRT. This is a single site safety study (clinicaltrials.gov identifier NCT06148636) of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET targeted alpha-particle therapy for patients with refractory or relapsed SSTR2-positive neuroendocrine tumors. The first part of this Phase 1 trial is imaging with a surrogate tracer, [ 203 Pb]VMT-α-NET, using SPECT/CT imaging. Each participant is assigned a radiation dose to the kidneys that cannot be exceeded. The second part of the study is a sequential 3+3 dose escalation phase of four cohorts based on the maximum allowed injected dose for an individual while keeping kidney exposure to less than a predetermined threshold. The study involves two treatments, about eight to 10 weeks apart. The drug will be given by infusion once per treatment. Participants will also receive an infusion of amino acids to help protect the kidneys as well as medications to help protect against nausea. A participant who is administered [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET will be monitored for at least six months for safety assessments. Participants will also have imaging at six months post treatment to measure how their tumors responded to therapy and will have lifelong follow up for this study. An independent SMC reviewed the trial in August 2025 and recommended expansion of Cohort 2 to include three more subjects for a total of six at the same renal dose level and approved continuation of the trial. The investigator informed us that they plan to submit their results at SNMMI 2026. We supported diagnostic and therapeutic dosing of [ 203 / 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET at the Technical University of Dresden under provisions in Section 13-2(B) of Germany’s Medicinal Products Act supporting patients that lack further treatment options. This is a single-site retrospective evaluation of imaging with [ 203 Pb]VMT-α-NET and subsequent single administration of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET in patients with progressive metastatic GEP-NET after exhausting all current therapies, including radiopharmaceuticals. The investigator published a manuscript in September 2025 (Michler E, Kästner D, Pretze M, Hartmann H, Freudenberg R, Schultz MK, Bundschuh RA, Kotzerke J, Brogsitter C. [ 203/212 Pb]Pb-VMT-α-NET as a novel theranostic agent for targeted alpha radiotherapy-first clinical experience. Eur J Nucl Med Mol Imaging. 2025 Sep;52(11):4171-4183. doi: 10.1007/s00259-025-07269-0. Epub 2025 Apr 9. PMID: 40202686; PMCID: PMC12397198). Eight patients were treated with a single dose of [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET at mean activity level of 2.7 mCi (100 MBq). Progression was defined by new SSTR-positive tumor lesions on Gallium-68 ( 68 Ga) DOTATATE-PET/CT imaging or by increasing blood tumor markers, namely Chromogranin A. Certain preliminary results were presented at the 2025 Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging Mid-Winter Meeting. VMT01: A Targeted Alpha Therapy Targeting MC1R Overview of VMT01and VMT02 We are also leveraging our TAT platform with our product candidate, VMT01, which is currently in Phase 1/2a clinical trials. We designed VMT01 to target and deliver 212 Pb to tumor sites expressing MC1R, a protein that is overexpressed in melanoma cancers. [ 212 Pb]VMT01 is a TAT in development for second-line or later treatment of patients with progressive MC1R-positive metastatic melanoma. Review of market research prepared by Research and Markets Newswire in January 2026 indicates metastatic melanoma could represent over a $13.8 billion market opportunity by 2031. Using a specialized peptide, VMT01 is designed to target MC1R on tumor cells. As a diagnostic, we either link 203 Pb or 68 Ga to its MC1R-targeting peptide. MC1R is a G-protein-coupled receptor that has been investigated as a target for metastatic melanoma drug delivery due to its overexpression on the surface of melanoma cells and relative absence in normal cells. MC1R-targeted radiolabeled peptides have been used as delivery vehicles for delivering radiometals to melanoma tumors in preclinical models for diagnostic imaging and therapy, as well as in clinical imaging studies that demonstrated the ability to identify MC1R-positive tumors by PET imaging. 15 Table of Contents We also designed two imaging surrogates, the chemically identical [ 203 Pb]VMT01 for SPECT imaging and dosimetric calculations and [ 68 Ga]VMT02, a PET imaging tracer, for patient selection. [ 68 Ga]VMT02 utilizes the same targeting peptide as VMT01 but differs in having a chelator optimized for PET radiotracers. Through the use of the imaging scans, we are able to characterize whether the patient’s cancer expresses MC1R and, thus, is a candidate for treatment. As a therapeutic, we link 212 Pb to the same MC1R targeting peptide which has been shown to bind and kill cancerous cells. The melanoma program focuses primarily on development of the therapeutic compound. The rationale for the development of two imaging tracers is to provide flexibility in imaging a molecular target for which a validated and approved imaging tracer does not exist. Further commercialization of one or both of these imaging tracers would follow a separate regulatory path from the therapeutic compound and would proceed based on the potential for utility after a therapeutic efficacy signal is identified. VMT01 and VMT02 bind with high affinity and specificity to MC1R-expressing melanoma tumors and do not bind to healthy cells (where MC1R is absent). Thus, the radioactive nuclide carried by the peptide is delivered primarily to tumor cells, while nonspecific binding to healthy cells is minimal. Treatment is carried out in two stages. In the first stage (i.e., the diagnostic stage), [ 203 Pb]VMT01 or [ 68 Ga]VMT02 is administered for SPECT or PET imaging, respectively. The decay of radionuclides 203 Pb and 68 Ga result in gamma radiation that can be detected by the imaging device. This detection can be used to pinpoint the presence of cancerous tumors expressing MC1R and illuminate the pharmacokinetic properties and biodistribution of the radiopharmaceutical. This information can be used to guide the second therapeutic stage with [ 212 Pb]VMT01, in which the radionuclide 212 Pb replaces 203 Pb and 68 Ga. [ 212 Pb]VMT01 is designed to deliver alpha (α) radiation efficiently to melanoma tumors that express the MC1R receptor. This two-stage process is commonly referred to as image-guided receptor-targeted alpha-particle radionuclide therapy for cancer and is also referred to as a “theranostic” approach. We conducted nonclinical pharmacology, pharmacokinetics and toxicology studies utilizing in vitro and in vivo assays, SPECT and PET imaging and histopathology to support the first-in-human Phase 1/2a clinical development of [ 212 Pb]VMT01 per recommendations in the FDA’s guidance document titled “Oncology Therapeutic Radiopharmaceuticals: Nonclinical Studies and Labeling Recommendations Guidance for Industry.” Promising results have demonstrated an increase in progression-free survival, improvement in overall survival and, in some cases, complete remission in mice bearing murine and human melanoma tumors. We have also observed significant synergy with checkpoint inhibitors in animal models that are resistant to immunotherapy alone, and a subset of animals receiving the combination therapy demonstrated resistance to re-inoculation with naive melanoma cells. Management believes that there are currently no FDA-approved radiopharmaceutical peptide-based receptor targeting approaches for the treatment of metastatic melanoma. The goal of the theranostic approach with [ 203 Pb]VMT01 or [ 68 Ga]VMT02 (diagnosis) and [ 212 Pb]VMT01 (therapy) is to establish a new methodology to treat patients with MC1R-expressing tumors that has the potential to improve long-term outcomes. Role of VMT01 in Advanced Melanoma Treatment Melanoma is a cancer of the skin arising from uncontrollable growth of melanocytes, the melanin producing cells of the body. Melanoma generally originates on the epidermis (the outermost layer of skin). In rare instances, melanoma can originate in the eyes or mucosal membranes, as these are other locations where melanocytes are present. Metastatic melanoma is the result of melanoma that has progressed through the layers of skin, infiltrated the blood stream or lymphatic system and traveled to other areas of the body to metastasize. According to projections from the World Health Organization, the number of worldwide cases of cutaneous melanoma will increase from approximately 325,000 in 2020 to over 500,000 in 2040 with the number of melanoma deaths increasing by almost 70%. The International Agency for Research on Cancer Global Cancer Observatory states that the risk of melanoma increases as people age, with the average age of diagnosis being early to mid 60s. Melanoma is a global disease affecting all populations around the world. The risk of developing melanoma increases significantly in areas of high ultraviolet exposure and for people with fair complexion. Particularly high incidences are observed in North America, Northern Europe and New Zealand. The highest occurs in Australia, where annual rates are more than twice that of North America. The American Cancer Society reported that, in the U.S., there will be an estimated 112,000 new diagnoses of invasive melanoma in 2026 and approximately 8,510 are expected to die from the disease. 16 Table of Contents The National Cancer Institute’s Surveillance, Epidemiology, and End Results (SEER) Program estimates 77% of all melanoma cases in the United States are local disease, receiving surgical treatment followed by watchful waiting. Melanoma that has regional spread (stage III) indicates spreading to nearby lymph nodes and accounts for 10% of cases, with a five-year survival rate of approximately 70%. Metastatic melanoma is classified as stage IV, where melanoma metastasizes to distant organs, such as the brain, lungs or liver, and contains any T or N value in the TNM staging system. SEER also noted that metastatic melanoma accounts for 5% of cases and carries a poor prognosis with a one-year survival rate of 50% and five-year survival rate of 29%-35%. The majority of metastatic melanoma patients will receive some form of immunotherapy; however, more than 50% ultimately progress. Patients with tumors positive for the BRAF mutation who progress on immunotherapy can receive targeted therapy; however, these patients ultimately acquire resistance. Thus, the majority of metastatic melanoma patients who eventually progress on immunotherapy (and targeted therapy if BRAF positive) are left with very limited options and represent the patient population with the greatest unmet need in melanoma (source: https://www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1040842824000192). This segment of the melanoma population is the intended entry market for VMT01. Grandview Research has reported that the market size for global melanoma therapeutics is estimated to reach approximately $10.3 billion by 2030, growing at a compound annual growth rate of 9.9% from 2025 to 2030. Leading treatments for metastatic melanoma are typically not curative. Treatments include immunotherapy to help the immune system recognize evading cancer cells, targeted therapy to interfere with known cancer processes, radiation therapy to kill cancer cells via high-energy X-ray or proton beams and chemotherapy to attack rapidly dividing cancer cells. Immune checkpoint inhibitors, targeted mitogen-activated protein kinase inhibitors and cell therapies have improved outcomes but also low response rates and acquired drug resistance, and adverse side effects have limited quality of life for metastatic melanoma patients. The most dramatic improvements in response have often been reported to lead to grade 3/4 adverse events and therapy discontinuation. Recurrence is common, with complex mechanisms of resistance that include altered oncogenic pathways, tumor heterogeneity and enhanced DNA repair. We believe [ 212 Pb]VMT01 has the potential to overcome many of these resistance pathways. Our intent is to test the safety and tolerability of [ 212 Pb]VMT01 in previously treated patients who are experiencing progression or recurrence of disease as monotherapy as well as in combination with first-line immunotherapies. Clinical Studies of [ 203/212 Pb]VMT01 We have a multi-center, open-label, dose-finding study (clincialtrials.gov identifier NCT5655312) of [ 212 Pb]VMT01 in patients with histologically confirmed melanoma and MC1R-positive imaging scans. In September 2024, we received Fast Track designation for the development of [ 212 Pb]VMT01. The first part of the study is a dose finding phase to determine the MTD, maximum feasible dose (MFD) or OBD following a single administration of [ 212 Pb]VMT01. In July 2024, we submitted a protocol amendment to explore the combination of the checkpoint inhibitor nivolumab with [ 212 Pb]VMT01 in patients with histologically confirmed melanoma and positive MC1R imaging scans in our ongoing Phase 1/2a study of [ 212 Pb]VMT01. The supply of nivolumab was secured in March 2024, when we entered into a clinical trial collaboration agreement with Bristol Myers Squibb. As such, the second part of the study is a combination therapy dose finding in which [ 212 Pb]VMT01 and nivolumab are administered in escalating doses to determine MTD, MFD or OBD. The third part of the study is expected to entail the enrollment of patients in monotherapy and combination therapy expansion cohorts based on the identified MTD, MFD or OBD. Patients may be eligible to receive up to three administrations of [ 212 Pb]VMT01 approximately eight weeks apart or they may be eligible to receive nivolumab every four weeks for up to 24 months. A dosimetry sub-study is included to assess biodistribution, tumor uptake and correlation of uptake with observed toxicities and efficacy. In October 2024, we announced initial results from the first two dosing cohorts of the Phase 1/2a clinical study of [ 212 Pb]VMT01 in patients with progressive MC1R-positive metastatic melanoma. Three patients were enrolled in Cohort 1 and received 3.0 mCi of [ 212 Pb]VMT01, while seven patients were enrolled in Cohort 2 and received 5.0 mCi of [ 212 Pb]VMT01. Patients in each cohort received a median of five prior lines of systematic therapy, including a median of three prior lines of immunotherapy. No DLTs were observed among any patients, and no adverse events (AEs) led to treatment discontinuation. Treatment emergent AEs were mostly grades 1 and 2. None of the four cases of grade 3 treatment emergent AEs were deemed to be treatment related. There were no grade 4 or 5 treatment emergent AEs. No renal toxicities had been reported as of October 11, 2024 (there were no clinically significant changes in blood urea nitrogen or serum creatinine) in spite of dosimetry estimated renal radiation that approached the higher end of conventional dosing. All patients in Cohort 1 completed three treatments, with one patient experiencing an unconfirmed RECIST version 1.1 objective response after completion of treatment, and two patients experiencing stable disease at 9 and 11 months from the start of treatment, respectively, as reported in October 2024 at the 21st International Congress of the Society of Melanoma Research. In Cohort 2, patients progressed after either the first cycle (three patients) or the second cycle (four patients). These findings are consistent with published and ongoing preclinical studies showing immunostimulatory effects at lower radiation doses. 17 Table of Contents Lighter portions of each bar signify transition of the patient to follow-up period (begins approximately 24 weeks after first dose). Patient 03-104 discontinued follow up (without progressive disease). Morris ZS et al, Poster Presentation at ASCO 2025. Data cut-off date April 21, 2025. 1 See https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/728387/000119312525303895/catx-ex99_1.htm, Slide 61. The SMC reviewed these findings and recommended exploring a lower dose level of 1.5 mCi per dose, both as a single agent and in combination with the anti-PD-1 antibody, nivolumab. The SMC’s recommendation allows for the monotherapy and combination cohorts to proceed concurrently. An amendment to further explore lower dose levels for monotherapy was approved, and Cohort 3 at 1.5 mCi per dose was opened for enrollment. The combination cohort at 1.5 mCi per dose with nivolumab was also opened for enrollment. The first patients in the combination and monotherapy cohorts received their first treatments in March and April 2025, respectively. As of July 31, 2025, a total of five patients had received their initial monotherapy treatments of VMT01 at 1.5 mCi per dose, once every eight weeks for up to three doses. Additionally, two patients had received VMT01 1.5 mCi with nivolumab. In September 2025, we announced that the first patient received [ 212 Pb]VMT01 at 3.0 mCi in combination with nivolumab, as part of a new cohort. Additionally, the [ 212 Pb]VMT01 3.0 mCi monotherapy cohort reopened for enrollment. The SMC recommended evaluating [ 212 Pb]VMT01 at a higher dose based on its review of five patients dosed with [ 212 Pb]VMT01 at 1.5 mCi in the monotherapy cohort and two patients dosed with [ 212 Pb]VMT01 at 1.5 mCi together with nivolumab. As of February 28, 2026, a total of 10 patients had received VMT01 treatment following the re-opening of the [ 212 Pb]VMT01 3.0 mCi monotherapy cohort and the opening of the cohort in which patients are receiving [ 212 Pb]VMT01 at 3.0 mCi in combination with nivolumab. Six patients had received VMT01 at 3.0 mCi in combination with nivolumab. Four patients had received 3.0 mCi of VMT01 as monotherapy, in addition to the three patients who received this monotherapy dose in late 2023. Both cohorts are now closed for enrollment. By late 2026, the 10 patients who had received VMT01 3.0 mCi treatment since the initiation or re-opening of these cohorts in September 2025 would have had the opportunity for at least 24 weeks of follow up after their initial doses, which is sufficient time to receive at least one scan after their full treatment (up to three doses every eight weeks). PSV359 – A Targeted Alpha Therapy Targeting Fibroblast Activation Protein (FAP) alpha Tumor stroma cells do not typically express cancer-specific markers like SSTR2 or MC1R. FAP-α is primarily expressed on tumor stroma cells, but also on some cancer cells. FAP-α is a pan-cancer target that is highly expressed in many cancers. Our in-house discovery team discovered PSV359, a novel cyclic peptide targeting human FAP-α, via various drug discovery methods. We believe PSV359 is an optimized peptide with potential best-in-class characteristics that has been demonstrated in preclinical models. In March 2024, we released the first-in-human clinical SPECT/CT imaging which suggested favorable tumor targeting and retention by the PSV359 compound while clearing from normal organs rapidly and completely. 18 Table of Contents In October 2024, we announced first-in-human SPECT/CT images of [ 203 Pb]PSV359 from an independent investigator revealed strong tumor uptake, fast clearance through the renal system, low accumulation in normal organs, and long tumor retention in three patients with FAP-α expressing cancers. Preclinical results for PSV359 were presented during the Society of Nuclear Medicine and Molecular Imaging 2024 Annual Meeting and the 37th Annual Congress of the European Association of Nuclear Medicine meetings in June and October 2024, respectively. Researchers presented a novel cyclic peptide targeting human FAP-α, which was discovered by us via phage display methods. FAP-α is a protein abundantly expressed in certain cancer cells as well as cancer-associated fibroblasts in tumor lesions and involved in promoting disease progression. The peptide was conjugated to a lead-specific chelator via a molecular linker to form a novel construct, PSV359. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the in vitro and in vivo performance of [ 203/212 Pb]PSV359 in preclinical xenograft models. As depicted below, PSV359 demonstrated superior binding affinity and specificity against human FAP-α (Kd=1.8 nM, Ki=0.4 nM) as compared to other FAP-targeted drugs and remained stable in serum for 96 hours. Overall, strong anti-tumor clinical activity of [ 212 Pb]PSV359 was found in both HT1080-human FAP-α (FAP-α on cancer cells) and U87MG (FAP-α in stromal tissues) xenograft models. Source: Cagle et al. European Association of Nuclear Medicine 2024, Presentation Number: OP-473. The FAP-α PSV359 program is a significant addition to our clinical pipeline of targeted alpha therapeutics. We filed an IND application for this asset in December 2024, and we received a “study may proceed” letter (i.e., approval to conduct the trial) from the FDA in the first quarter of 2025. In April 2025, we announced the first patient was treated with [ 212 Pb]PSV359. As of February 28, 2026, two patients had been treated with [ 212 Pb]PSV359 at 2.5 mCi (Cohort 1), and six patients had been treated with [ 212 Pb]PSV359 at 5.0 mCi (Cohort 2), for a total of eight patients. By late 2026, these patients would have had the opportunity for at least 32 weeks of follow up after their initial doses, which is sufficient time to have completed at least one scan after the full course of treatment (up to four doses every eight weeks). Activation activities are underway for additional sites. Pre-Targeting Theranostic Targeting Platform - The Next Generation of TAT In January 2024, we entered into an exclusive, worldwide license agreement with Stony Brook University for the global intellectual property rights to its Cuburbit[7]uril-admantane (CB7-Adma) pre-targeting platform and were awarded the Phase 1 tranche of a 2.5-year Fast-Track Small Business Innovation Research grant (Phase 1 $0.4 million; total $2.4 million) from the NIH National Cancer Institute in support of our CB7-Adma host-guest pre-targeting program for the diagnosis and treatment of cancer. 19 Table of Contents Pre-targeting utilizing the CB7-Adma platform involves two steps. First, an antibody that binds with high specificity to a cancer-specific protein is administered via intravenous injection. This antibody is chemically modified to include the CB7 chemical entity and accumulates over time at the tumor site. Then, a radionuclide held tightly by our proprietary chelator attached to an Adma group is administered. The Adma group binds to the CB7 group that was previously attached to the cancerous cells with specificity, delivering radiation dose selectively to the tumor sites. Central to this innovation is CB7-Adma (host-guest) complex formation, driving the interaction between the antibody and radioligand. The chosen host-guest pair, CB7-Adma, has demonstrated promising in vivo stability, modularity and low immunogenicity. The platform’s potential was validated through in vivo profiling of ligands, employing a CB7-modified carcinoembryonic antigen targeting antibody. We are currently working through preclinical optimization of this platform and working to identify initial targeting antibodies for further investigation. Manufacturing and Supply We have developed a proprietary isotope delivery system, colloquially called a “generator,” VMT-α-GEN, to allow for delivery of our preferred therapeutic isotope, 212 Pb, for supply to patients. In January 2021, we entered into a 10-year feedstock contract with the National Isotope Development Center (NIDC) of the Department of Energy’s (DOE) Isotope Program. We receive feedstock shipments of Thorium-228 (a precursor to 212 Pb) from the NIDC. We also have contracts with various manufacturers to produce certain components of our VMT-α-GEN system. This has allowed us to scale manufacturing of VMT-α-GEN for research purposes that we believe will facilitate our alpha therapy clinical trials. We believe that by controlling our own therapeutic isotope supply, we can solve the many supply chain risks that have slowed alpha-particle therapy clinical adoption to date. We assemble and manufacture our finished radiopharmaceutical candidates by chelating or trapping an atom of 212 Pb within a specialized chelator or chemical “cage” and connecting the 212 Pb within its cage to the targeting peptide with our linker technology. For clinical supply, we intend to use a combination of third-party contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, and our own manufacturing sites complying with the FDA’s current good manufacturing practices, or CGMP, to manufacture and distribute our doses. For the drug precursors and isotopes that comprise our TAT platform, a variety of clinical phase manufacturers have been engaged and utilized. We procure chelator-modified peptide precursors from peptide manufacturers who are capable of producing clinical phase precursor material. The imaging isotope 203 Pb is procured from manufacturers with appropriate radiation handling licensing and shipped to our production sites, such as our facility in Coralville, IA, while 68 Ga is produced on site at PET radiopharmacies that have access to this isotope and are capable of producing finished product. The therapeutic isotope 212 Pb is supplied via our proprietary 224 Ra/ 212 Pb generators, which are manufactured by a CMO. These isotope delivery systems can be shipped globally to enable final finished radiopharmaceutical production for clinical trials. We have received “safe to proceed” designations for three therapeutic IND applications in which our isotope delivery system was presented to the FDA for use in clinical trial manufacturing. Quality and stability testing for all of our precursors is an ongoing process, and we are focused on continuing to enhance the robustness and reliability of our supply chain to date. In September 2024, we entered into a Master Equipment and Services Agreement (MESA) and statements of work (SOWs) thereunder with Comecer SpA (Comecer), pursuant to which we agreed to purchase from Comecer manufacturing equipment for the production of our radiopharmaceutical products including, but not limited to, isotope processing hot cells and production suites and related equipment (collectively, the Deliverables) and services for installation and validation of the Deliverables at several of our production facilities in the United States. The first set of production equipment is completing Factory Acceptance Testing at Comecer and is on track to ship by mid-2026, supporting the installation of initial production lines at our Illinois facility in 2026. We are also actively strengthening our current manufacturing capabilities to support the clinical supply of radiopharmaceuticals through the expansion of clinical production lines at our locations in Coralville, IA, and Somerset, NJ. The Coralville facilities comprise approximately 4,000 square feet of wet laboratory facilities and a small, finished product facility equipped with air and temperature handling and monitoring designed to comply with applicable clinical drug regulatory requirements. Additionally, we have built a second production suite that became operational in 2025. We have staff experienced in finished radiopharmaceutical manufacturing and shipping who will not only supply drug product for our near-term activities but will also perform technology transfer to any CMOs where the finished production of radiopharmaceuticals will be accomplished. We have obtained radiation handling licenses to enable us to provide clinical doses for our Phase 1/2 clinical trials. In addition, we are capable of synthesizing peptides, chelators and linkers in our Coralville facilities, and this capability enables us to independently perform research for pipeline development. 20 Table of Contents In March 2024, we acquired the assets and associated lease of Lantheus’ radiopharmaceutical manufacturing facility in Somerset, NJ. Soon after the acquisition, we began the onboarding and operationalization processes and, in October 2024, we achieved the first shipment and patient dosing from our Somerset facility. With three manufacturing suites that can meet CGMP requirements, the Somerset facility is expected to have the capacity to meet future clinical trial and commercial demands at major cancer treatment centers throughout the Northeastern U.S. An existing production suite in Somerset is being upgraded to support Phase 3 activities, with installation targeted for completion by mid-2026. A fourth production suite has also been installed and completed, and we expect it to be operational in 2026. Also in 2024, we purchased buildings located in the metropolitan areas of Houston, TX, Chicago, IL, and Los Angeles, CA, which we intend to use for the manufacture of our product candidates upon completion of modifications and installation of equipment. In October 2025, we entered into an agreement with a general contractor to begin building modifications at our facility in the Chicago, IL metropolitan area along with preparations for the eventual installation of some of the Comecer manufacturing equipment and associated clean rooms. While we are currently successfully shipping products long distances and meeting patient demands from both our Coralville, IA, and Somerset, NJ sites, we intend to continue to expand our manufacturing and supply network in the future as we anticipate increasing our clinical trial activities and ultimately pursue commercialization. In addition, CMOs have locations that are strategically placed locally to major metropolitan areas that are within reach for delivery of our radiopharmaceuticals for trials and ultimately for commercialization. We are currently reviewing various CMOs across the United States to determine the potential to transfer know-how and technology to these CMOs to allow broader potential geographic coverage of radioactive products across our potential clinical trial sites. Commercialization None of our current product candidates has received the regulatory approvals required to begin commercialization. Competition The life sciences and pharmaceutical industries are known to have rapid advancement of novel technologies, intense competition and a strong emphasis on intellectual property. While we believe that our technology and intellectual property provide us with competitive advantages, we face potential competition from multiple sources, including large pharmaceutical companies, specialty pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, government agencies and public and private research organizations. Commercial and academic clinical trials are being pursued by a number of parties in the field of radiopharmaceuticals. Early results from these trials have fueled continued interest in radiopharmaceuticals, which are being pursued by several biotechnology companies, as well as by large pharmaceutical companies, including both commercial and academic clinical trials. Results from these trials, combined with recent product approvals, have garnered continued interest in the space by both large pharmaceutical companies and specialized biotechnology companies, which are developing both early-stage and later-stage candidates. There are also several companies developing alpha-based radiopharmaceuticals for the treatment of cancer, including Bayer, Novartis, Bristol Myers Squibb (through its acquisition of RayzeBio), Eli Lilly (through its acquisition of POINT Biopharma), Sanofi, Lantheus (through its acquisition of Evergreen), Telix Pharmaceuticals, Actinium Pharmaceuticals, RadioMedix, AdvanCell, Orano Med, Aktis Oncology, AstraZeneca (through its acquisition of Fusion Pharmaceuticals), Convergent Therapeutics, Johnson & Johnson, ARTBIO and Abdera. These companies use various alpha-emitting isotopes such as 223 Ra, 225 Ac, 212 Pb and 211 At. Most alpha-based radiopharmaceuticals are in clinical development, with Bayer’s Xofigo® being the only approved alpha particle-based therapy. Xofigo® was approved in 2013 for the treatment of symptomatic bone metastases in people with castration-resistant prostate cancer. There are also companies with beta-based radiopharmaceuticals, both in development and already approved. There are multiple companies, including Lantheus, Novartis and Q BioMed Inc., with approved beta-based radiopharmaceutical products using isotopes such as 131 I, 177 Lu, 89 Sr and 90 Y. Novartis’ Lutathera® and Pluvicto® are prominent beta-based radioligands, and other beta-based radiopharmaceuticals are in various stages of clinical development by companies including Novartis, Curium SAS, Telix Pharmaceuticals, Cellectar Biosciences, ITM, Actinium Pharmaceuticals, Lantheus, Blue Earth Therapeutics and Clarity Pharmaceuticals. For our product candidate [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET, we are aware of several competing therapies targeting neuroendocrine tumors. Novartis’ Lutathera®, which was approved in 2018, uses 177 Lu for the treatment of individuals with somatostatin receptor-positive gastroenteropancreatic neuroendocrine tumors. We are aware of the following companies with neuroendocrine tumor, radioligand preclinical and clinical development programs: ITM, Bristol Myers Squibb (through its acquisition of RayzeBio), Eli Lilly (through its acquisition of POINT Biopharma) and Sanofi. We also face potential competition from other treatments targeting neuroendocrine tumors such as Sandostatin® and Afinitor® (Novartis), Somatuline® (Ipsen) and Sutent® (Pfizer). While we believe [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET has significant advantages compared to conventional approaches to neuroendocrine tumors, we may still face competition from these more established treatments. 21 Table of Contents Many of our current or potential competitors, either alone or with their collaboration partners, have significantly greater financial resources and expertise in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and marketing approved products than we do. Mergers and acquisitions in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries may result in even more resources being concentrated among a smaller number of our competitors. Smaller or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These competitors also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel and establishing clinical trial sites and patient enrollment in clinical trials, as well as in acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. We could see a reduction or elimination in our commercial opportunity if our competitors develop and commercialize drugs that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient to administer, are less expensive or with a more favorable label than our drug candidates. Our competitors also may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for their drugs more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to enter the market. The key competitive factors affecting the success of all our drug candidates, if approved, are likely to be efficacy, safety, convenience, price, availability of the relevant isotope, the effectiveness of imaging diagnostics, the level of generic competition and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. Intellectual Property Our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property protection for our platform technologies, product candidates and other programs and know-how to defend against third-party challenges to our intellectual property rights, to preserve the confidentiality of our know-how and trade secrets and to operate without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the intellectual property rights of others. We seek to protect our proprietary product candidates and other programs and technologies by, among other methods, filing patent applications in the U.S. and in foreign jurisdictions covering our inventions and improvements that are important to the development and future commercialization of our business. We also rely on trade secrets, know-how, ongoing technological innovation and the in-licensing of third-party intellectual property to establish and maintain our proprietary position. We and, in certain cases, our collaborators and licensors, file patent applications directed to our product candidates and other programs and related radiopharmaceutical technologies in an effort to build and preserve intellectual property positions covering the composition, manufacture and use of such candidates and technologies, including their use for the prevention, diagnosis and/or treatment of diseases. Patent Rights Patents provide us with the right to exclude others from practicing the inventions claimed therein and, in the U.S., generally permit us, subject to certain statutory exceptions, to prevent others from making, using, selling, offering for sale, or importing products or methods covered by our patents without authorization. Patent rights are territorial in nature and must be obtained, maintained and enforced in each jurisdiction in which protection is sought. To obtain and maintain patent protection, an invention must satisfy applicable legal requirements in the relevant jurisdiction, including novelty, non-obviousness, adequate written description and enablement, and proper inventorship. The scope of protection afforded by a patent is defined by its claims. A third party may infringe a patent by practicing each element of one or more asserted claims without authorization, including through indirect infringement, such as inducement or contributory infringement, where recognized. Patents are granted for limited terms, generally 20 years from the earliest non-provisional filing date to which priority is claimed, subject to potential patent term adjustment to account for certain administrative delays and, in limited circumstances, patent term extension to compensate for a portion of the time required for product development and regulatory review. From time to time, we may elect to discontinue the prosecution or maintenance of certain patent applications or issued patents within our portfolio based on strategic, commercial, financial or other considerations. In addition, during prosecution, post-grant proceedings or litigation, or in response to evolving business strategies, we may amend, narrow, disclaim or otherwise modify the scope of claims in pending patent applications or issued patents, which could materially affect the scope of protection afforded by such patent applications or patents. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that any claims included in our pending patent applications, whether in-licensed or developed internally, will be allowed in their current form, if at all, or that the scope of any claims in our issued patents, whether in-licensed or developed internally, will be maintained. Intellectual Property Protection on Selected Assets As of March 10, 2026, we owned three issued U.S. patents and one issued European patent and had one allowed U.S. patent application, two allowed European patent applications, one allowed Chinese patent application and 55 other pending U.S. and foreign patent applications. Collectively, these patents and patent applications relate to, among other things, radionuclide generation technologies, FAP-α-targeting compounds and their uses, pre-targeting technologies and antibody-conjugated radiopharmaceutical compounds. 22 Table of Contents As of March 10, 2026, we licensed certain patents and patent applications from academic collaborators, including the University of Iowa and Stony Brook University. The licensed intellectual property portfolio includes 14 issued patents, two allowed patent applications and 31 pending U.S. and foreign patent applications. The following is the patent status for our selected assets: • VMT-α-NET . As of March 10, 2026, we have exclusively in-licensed from the University of Iowa patents and patent applications comprising two issued U.S. patents, three issued foreign patents and seven pending patent applications in seven foreign jurisdictions directed to this asset. Composition of matter patents have been issued in the U.S., China, Australia and Japan, and a method of use patent is issued in the U.S. The issued patents and the pending patent applications, if issued, are currently expected to expire in 2041, subject to any applicable patent term extensions. • VMT01 . As of March 10, 2026, we have exclusively in-licensed from the University of Iowa patents and patent applications comprising two issued U.S. patents, one issued foreign patent, one allowed foreign patent application, one pending U.S. patent application and one pending foreign patent application directed to this asset. Composition of matter patents directed to this compound have been issued in the U.S. and Australia. The issued patents and pending patent applications, if issued, are currently expected to expire in 2037, subject to any applicable patent term extensions. • PSV359 . As of March 10, 2026, we owned one issued U.S. patent, one issued foreign patent, three pending U.S. patent applications, five pending Patent Cooperation Treaty patent applications and three pending patent applications in three foreign jurisdictions directed to this asset. Composition of matter patents directed to this compound have been issued in the U.S. and Europe. The issued patents and the pending patent applications, if issued, are currently expected to expire in 2043 and 2044, subject to any applicable patent term adjustments and extensions. • VMT-α-GEN . As of March 10, 2026, we owned one issued U.S. patent, one allowed European patent application, two pending U.S. patent applications and seven pending patent applications in seven foreign jurisdictions directed to this 212 Pb radionuclide generation technology. The issued U.S. patent and pending patent applications, if issued, are currently expected to expire in 2043. • AlphaPRIME . As of March 10, 2026, the Company owned one issued U.S. patent, one allowed European patent application, one pending U.S. patent application and eight pending patent applications in eight foreign jurisdictions directed to this 212 Pb radionuclide generation technology. The issued U.S. patent and pending patent applications, if issued, are currently expected to expire in 2044. We maintain an active research and development program that may result in the creation of additional intellectual property, and we file patent applications, as appropriate, directed to such additional intellectual property that is developed internally or in collaboration with third parties. Our collaborations are governed by agreements that are intended to protect our intellectual property rights and to define ownership, confidentiality and licensing arrangements. However, such agreements may not adequately protect our intellectual property, and we cannot assure that any patent applications will result in issued patents or that any issued patents will provide meaningful protection or competitive advantage. Agreements and Collaborations Lantheus Agreements Investment Agreement On January 8, 2024, we entered into an investment agreement (Lantheus Investment Agreement) with Lantheus Alpha Therapy, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Lantheus Holdings, Inc. (Lantheus), pursuant to which we agreed to sell and issue to Lantheus in a private placement transaction certain shares (Lantheus Shares) of our outstanding common stock, par value $0.001 per share (Common Stock). The closing of the purchase and sale of the Lantheus Shares to Lantheus by us (Lantheus Closing) was subject to us raising at least $50.0 million of gross proceeds (excluding Lantheus’ investment) in a qualifying third-party financing transaction, which occurred on January 22, 2024. The number of Lantheus Shares sold was 5,634,235, representing 19.99% of the outstanding shares of Common Stock as of January 8, 2024. Pursuant to the Lantheus Investment Agreement, we agreed to cooperate in good faith to negotiate and enter into a registration rights agreement with Lantheus, obligating us to file a registration statement on Form S-3 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to register for resale the Lantheus Shares issued at the Lantheus Closing. We filed such Form S-3 on March 29, 2024, and the SEC declared it effective on April 9, 2024 (File No. 333-278362). The Lantheus Investment Agreement also contains agreements between us and Lantheus whereby Lantheus is provided certain board observer and information rights, subject to certain exceptions. The Lantheus Investment Agreement also provides Lantheus with certain pro rata participation rights to maintain its ownership position in us in the event that we make any public or non-public offering of any equity or voting interests in us or any securities that are convertible or exchangeable into (or exercisable for) equity or voting interests in us, subject to certain exceptions. 23 Table of Contents Pursuant to the Lantheus Investment Agreement, we are required to notify Lantheus within 10 business days of the end of a fiscal quarter in which we issued shares of Common Stock pursuant to “at the market” sales programs, including the 2024 ATM Agreement (as defined below), of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock issued during such fiscal quarter pursuant to such agreement and (ii) the average price per share received by us before commissions (ATM Average Price). Upon receipt of such notice, Lantheus may elect, at its option, to purchase all or a portion of its Pro Rata Portion (as defined in the Lantheus Investment Agreement) of such shares at an aggregate price equal to the number of shares purchased multiplied by the ATM Average Price for such quarter (ATM Participation Right). Pursuant to the Lantheus Investment Agreement, Lantheus may not exercise the ATM Participation Right more than two times per calendar year. Asset Purchase Agreement On January 8, 2024, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (Progenics APA) with Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Progenics) and affiliate of Lantheus, pursuant to which we acquired certain assets and the associated lease of Progenics’ radiopharmaceutical manufacturing facility in Somerset, NJ, for a purchase price of $8.0 million in cash. The transactions contemplated by the Progenics’ APA closed on March 1, 2024. Option Agreement On January 8, 2024, we entered into an option agreement (Option Agreement) with Lantheus whereby Lantheus was granted an exclusive option to negotiate an exclusive, worldwide, royalty- and milestone-bearing right and license to [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET, our clinical-stage alpha therapy developed for the treatment of neuroendocrine tumors, and a right to co-fund the IND application, enabling studies for early-stage therapeutic candidates targeting PSMA and GRPR and, prior to IND filing, a right to negotiate for an exclusive license to such candidates. In consideration of the rights granted by us to Lantheus pursuant to the Option Agreement, Lantheus paid to us a one-time payment of $28.0 million, subject to certain withholding provisions associated with the closing of the Progenics APA. Under the terms of the Option Agreement, Lantheus also had a right of first offer and last look protections for any third-party merger and acquisition transactions involving us for a 12-month period, which expired on January 8, 2025. Equity Financings 2026 Registered Offering On February 2, 2026, we entered into an underwriting agreement with Piper Sandler & Co. and UBS Securities LLC, as representatives of the underwriters named therein, in connection with our previously announced underwritten offering (2026 Offering) of 39,576,088 shares (2026 Offering Shares) of our Common Stock, and, in lieu of 2026 Offering Shares to certain investors, pre-funded warrants (2026 Pre-funded Warrants) to purchase 6,598,046 shares of Common Stock. The price to the investors for the 2026 Offering Shares was $3.79 per 2026 Offering Share, and the price to the investors for the 2026 Pre-funded Warrants was $3.789 per 2026 Pre-funded Warrant, which represents the per share price for the 2026 Offering Shares less the $0.001 per share exercise price for each such 2026 Pre-funded Warrant. The 2026 Offering closed on February 3, 2026. Our gross proceeds from the 2026 Offering were approximately $175.0 million, before underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering-related expenses. The exercise price and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each 2026 Pre-funded Warrant are subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the Common Stock as well as upon any distribution of assets, including cash, stock or other property, to our stockholders. The 2026 Pre-funded Warrants will not expire and are exercisable in cash or by means of a cashless exercise. A holder of the 2026 Pre-funded Warrants may not exercise such 2026 Pre-funded Warrants if the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such holder, together with its affiliates, would be more than 4.99% or 9.99%, as elected by such holder, of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock following such exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the 2026 Pre-funded Warrants. A holder of the 2026 Pre-funded Warrants may increase or decrease this percentage not in excess of 19.99% by providing at least 61 days’ prior notice to us. 24 Table of Contents 2024 At-the-Market (ATM) Agreement On August 13, 2024, we entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement (2024 ATM Agreement) with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC (each, an ATM Agent, and together, the ATM Agents) pursuant to which we, from time to time, may offer and sell shares (2024 ATM Shares) of our Common Stock, through or to the ATM Agents having an aggregate sales price of up to $250.0 million. Subject to the terms and conditions of the 2024 ATM Agreement, each ATM Agent is required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell the ATM Shares from time to time, based upon our instructions. We have provided the ATM Agents with customary indemnification rights, and the ATM Agents will be entitled to a commission of up to 3.0% of the gross proceeds from each sale of the ATM Shares effectuated through or to the applicable ATM Agent selling the ATM Shares. Sales of the 2024 ATM Shares under the 2024 ATM Agreement may be made in transactions that are deemed to be “at the market offerings” as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. We have no obligation to sell any of the 2024 ATM Shares and may at any time suspend offers under the 2024 ATM Agreement or terminate the 2024 ATM Agreement. Any Common Stock sold under the 2024 ATM Agreement will be issued and sold pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279692) (the May 2024 Registration Statement), which initially became effective upon filing with the SEC on May 24, 2024, and which was subsequently amended on March 26, 2025 and April 4, 2025, with Post-Effective Amendment #3 being declared effective with the SEC on April 8, 2025. On August 13, 2024, we initially filed a prospectus supplement to the May 2024 Registration Statement with the SEC in connection with the offer and sale of up to $250.0 million of the 2024 ATM Shares pursuant to the 2024 ATM Agreement. We re-filed the ATM prospectus supplement with each of the post-effective amendments to the May 2024 Registration Statement. On February 18, 2025, we sold 3,379,377 shares of our Common Stock under the 2024 ATM Agreement at an average price of approximately $3.02 per share of Common Stock, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $10.2 million. May 2024 Registered Offering On May 24, 2024, we entered into an underwriting agreement with BofA Securities, Inc., as representative of the underwriters named therein, in connection with our previously announced underwritten offering (Registered Offering) of 5,151,588 shares (Registered Offering Shares) of our Common Stock and, in lieu of Registered Offering Shares to certain investors, pre-funded warrants (May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants) to purchase 146,425 shares of Common Stock. The price to the investors for the Registered Offering Shares was $15.10 per Registered Offering Share, and the price to the investors for the May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants was $15.09 per May 2024 Pre-funded Warrant, which represents the per share price for the Registered Offering Shares less the $0.01 per share exercise price for each such May 2024 Pre-funded Warrant. The Registered Offering closed on May 29, 2024. BofA Securities, Inc., Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC acted as joint book-running managers for the Registered Offering and B. Riley Securities, Inc. acted as a co-manager for the Registered Offering. JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC acted as a financial advisor for the Registered Offering. Our gross proceeds from the Registered Offering were approximately $80.0 million, before underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering-related expenses. The May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants became exercisable subsequent to the filing and effectiveness of an amendment to our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 14, 2024. The exercise price and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each May 2024 Pre-funded Warrant were subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the Common Stock as well as upon any distribution of assets, including cash, stock or other property, to our stockholders. The May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants did not have an exercise date and were exercisable in cash or by means of a cashless exercise. A holder of the May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants could not exercise such May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants if the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such holder, together with its affiliates, would have been more than 4.99% or 9.99%, as elected by such holder, of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock following such exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants. A holder of May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants could increase or decrease this percentage not in excess of 19.99% by providing at least 61 days’ prior notice to us. The holders of the pre-funded warrants exercised all of the May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants during the second quarter of 2025 by means of the cashless exercise provision and within the other constraints noted above. 25 Table of Contents March 2024 Private Placement with Institutional Investors On March 4, 2024, we entered into an investment agreement with certain accredited institutional investors pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell, in a private placement (March 2024 Private Placement), 9,200,998 shares of our Common Stock, for a purchase price of $9.50 per share, representing the closing price of the Common Stock on March 1, 2024. The closing of the March 2024 Private Placement occurred on March 6, 2024. The gross proceeds to us from the March 2024 Private Placement were approximately $87.4 million, before deducting fees and other estimated transaction expenses. January 2024 Public Offering On January 17, 2024, we entered into an underwriting agreement (Underwriting Agreement) with Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., as representative of the underwriters named therein (Underwriters), in connection with our underwritten public offering (Public Offering) of 13,207,521 shares (Public Shares) of our Common Stock and in lieu of Public Shares to certain investors, pre-funded warrants (Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants) to purchase 3,008,694 shares of Common Stock. The price to the public for the Public Shares was $3.70 per Public Share, and the price to the public for the Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants was $3.69 per Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrant, which represents the per share price for the Public Shares less the $0.01 per share exercise price for each such Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrant. Under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, we granted the Underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to an additional 2,432,432 shares of Common Stock at the same price per share as the Public Shares, which such option was fully exercised by the Underwriters on January 18, 2024. The Public Offering closed on January 22, 2024. The gross proceeds to us from the Public Offering were approximately $69.0 million, before underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering-related expenses. The Public Offering was made pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-275638), declared effective by the SEC on December 14, 2023, a base prospectus dated December 14, 2023, and the related prospectus supplement dated January 17, 2024. The Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants were exercisable at any time after the date of issuance. The exercise price and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrant were subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the Common Stock as well as upon any distribution of assets, including cash, stock or other property, to our stockholders. The Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants did not have an expiration date and were exercisable in cash or by means of a cashless exercise. A holder of Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants could not exercise such Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants if the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such holder, together with its affiliates, would have been more than 4.99% of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock following such exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants. A holder of Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants could increase or decrease this percentage not in excess of 19.99% by providing at least 61 days’ prior notice to us. The holder of the Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants exercised all the Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants during the fourth quarter of 2024 by means of the cashless exercise provision and within the other constraints noted above. 2023 ATM Agreement On April 11, 2024, we sold shares of our Common Stock pursuant to that certain At Market Issuance Sales Agreement (2023 ATM Agreement), dated as of November 17, 2023, by and among us, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., B. Riley Securities, Inc. and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC. The sales resulted in gross proceeds to us of approximately $49.5 million. For additional information regarding the 2023 ATM Agreement, see our Form S-3 filed on November 17, 2023 and Form S-3/A filed on December 7, 2023. Brachytherapy Divestiture On April 12, 2024 (GT Medical Closing Date), we completed the sale of substantially all of the assets (GT Medical Closing) of Isoray Medical, Inc. (Isoray), our wholly owned subsidiary, to GT Medical Technologies, Inc. (GT Medical). As previously disclosed, on December 7, 2023, we entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (the GT Medical APA) with Isoray and GT Medical. Pursuant to the GT Medical APA, Isoray sold to GT Medical, and GT Medical purchased from Isoray, all of Isoray’s right, title and interest in and to substantially all of the assets of Isoray related to Isoray’s commercial Cesium-131 business including equipment, certain contracts and leases, inventory and intellectual property. Subject to limited exceptions set forth in the GT Medical APA, GT Medical did not assume the liabilities of Isoray. 26 Table of Contents Pursuant to the terms of, and subject to the conditions specified in, the GT Medical APA, at the GT Medical Closing, (i) GT Medical issued to Isoray 279,516 shares of GT Medical’s common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, representing 0.5% of GT Medical’s issued and outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted basis as of the GT Medical Closing Date and (ii) Isoray has the right to receive, and GT Medical is obligated to pay, certain cash royalty payments during each of the first four years beginning upon the GT Medical Closing Date (each such year, a Measurement Period), as summarized below: • with respect to GT Medical’s net sales of Cesium-131 brachytherapy seeds for cases that do not utilize GT Medical’s GammaTile Therapy: (a) if such net sales for a Measurement Period are $10.0 million or less, 3.0% of such net sales; (b) if such net sales for a Measurement Period are greater than $10.0 million and less than $15.0 million, 4.0% of such net sales; and (c) if such net sales for a Measurement Period are $15.0 million or more, 5.0% of such net sales; and • with respect to GT Medical’s net sales of GT Medical’s GammaTile Therapy utilizing Cesium-131 brachytherapy seeds: 0.5% of such net sales for a Measurement Period. During the second quarter of 2025, we recognized $0.2 million in royalties received pursuant to the GT Medical APA for the period from April 2024 to April 2025. Additionally, during the second quarter of 2025, we reduced our estimated reserve for environmental waste disposal by $0.3 million based on an estimate received from the hazardous waste disposal vendor. For additional information regarding our brachytherapy divestiture, see our Forms 8-K filed with the SEC on December 12, 2023, April 3, 2024 and April 16, 2024. Collaborations License Agreement with the University of Iowa On June 5, 2018, we entered into a license agreement, as amended in August 2018, November 2019, January 2020, and June 2020, with the University of Iowa Research Foundation (UIRF) for certain patent rights relating to the composition and use of peptide radiopharmaceutical drugs for the treatment of cancer alone or in combination with approved therapies (collectively, the Patent Rights). We hold a worldwide exclusive license, with the right to sublicense, import, make, have made, use, provide, offer to sell and sell all products derived from technology covered by the Patent Rights (the Licensed Products and/or Process(es)). The UIRF License is a royalty-bearing license obligating us to pay a percentage of proceeds received from sales of Licensed Products and/or Licensed Process(es) at a rate that we believe is within market parameters for a newly organized preclinical development stage company. We also agreed to share a percentage of our proceeds that we derive from other agreements, like sublicense agreements, relating to Licensed Products and/or Licensed Process(es) that we may enter into in amounts that we also believe is within market parameters for a newly organized preclinical development stage company. We are also obligated to pay for past and ongoing intellectual property expenses. The UIRF License commenced on June 5, 2018 and expires on the date of the last-to-expire Patent Rights, unless terminated earlier under the provisions thereof. We have the right to terminate the UIRF License at any time upon 90 days’ written notice to UIRF and the payment of a $10,000 termination fee. Each party has the right to terminate the UIRF License if the other party is in default or breach of any condition of the UIRF License with a right to cure any such breach within 90 days from receipt of notice of such default or breach. Either party can also terminate the UIRF License if the other party voluntarily files for bankruptcy or other similar insolvency proceedings, makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, or is the subject of an involuntary bankruptcy petition. If we fail to pay any sum that is due and payable to UIRF within 90 days after receiving written notice of our default from UIRF, then UIRF has the option of terminating the UIRF License. UIRF may also terminate the UIRF License in the event we, or any sublicensee, brings any action against UIRF, unless such suit is for an uncured material breach or imminent threatened breach of the UIRF License Agreement. The UIRF License also obligates us to meet certain performance and financial milestones. If we fail to meet these milestones, UIRF will have the right to terminate the UIRF License upon notice as provided in the UIRF License. License Agreement with Stony Brook University In January 2024, we entered into an exclusive in-licensing of Stony Brook University’s CB7-Adma pre-targeting platform which covers global intellectual property rights. The agreement with Stony Brook University will expire on the later of the expiration date of the last to expire licensed patents or 20 years from the date of the first sale of a product utilizing the intellectual property. 27 Table of Contents Facilities Our corporate headquarters are located at 2401 Elliott Avenue, Suite 320, Seattle, WA 98121. In addition, we lease laboratory and office space in Coralville, IA and Somerset, NJ. In December 2022, we completed the purchase of a 20,000 square-foot building in Coralville, IA that has laboratory space. Our facilities in Coralville, IA include a radiopharmaceutical manufacturing laboratory for radiopharmaceutical production for our clinical trials. Additionally, we have built a second production suite, which became operational in 2025. The wet labs have bench, hood and radiochemistry equipment and a separate cell-culture room for discovery lab pipeline development. In November 2025, we entered into a lease for approximately 5,000 square feet of office space, also in Coralville, IA. In July 2024, August 2024 and October 2024, we purchased buildings located in the metropolitan areas of Houston, TX, Chicago, IL, and Los Angeles, CA, respectively, which we intend to use for the manufacture of our product candidates upon completion of modifications and installation of equipment. The square footage of these buildings range between 27,375 square feet and 41,588 square feet. In March 2024 and August 2024, we acquired the sub-lease of a Lantheus radiopharmaceutical manufacturing facility and assumed a lease from Progenics for office space, respectively, both of which are located in Somerset, NJ. With three manufacturing suites that can meet CGMP requirements, the Somerset facility is expected to have the capacity to meet future clinical trial and commercial demands at major cancer treatment centers throughout the Northeastern U.S. An existing production suite in Somerset is being upgraded to support Phase 3 activities, with installation targeted for completion by mid-2026. A fourth production suite has also been installed and completed, and we expect it to be operational in 2026. In April 2024, we completed the divestiture of the brachytherapy division which included the leased production facility located at the Applied Process Engineering Laboratory in Richland, WA. The facility lease transferred to GT Medical at that time. We believe that our current facilities and CMO relationships are adequate to meet our existing needs. Suppliers We currently obtain nearly all our supply of Thorium-228 (a precursor to 212 Pb) from a single supplier, the DOE. The amount of 228 Th available to us under our agreement with the DOE was sufficient to support our clinical trials in 2025. In May 2025, we entered into a supply agreement with the DOE under which we will purchase Thorium-228 from the DOE during 2025 and early 2026. The supply agreement includes a “take-or-pay” provision pursuant to which we are committed to purchasing approximately $8.4 million of Thorium-228 during the term of the agreement. We have identified additional suppliers both domestically and internationally for Thorium-228 who have represented that they are able to meet our quality requirements and purity standards. We are in the process of validating additional suppliers to further support our supply chain. We currently utilize one vendor for the manufacture of resin chromatography columns that are used in our 212 Pb generators, and we rely on a single vendor to assemble and load isotopes into the generators that are used to extract 212 Pb for use in the doses for our clinical trials. Other Agreements For information related to in-licensing and patent licensing agreements, see the section entitled “Intellectual Property.” Financial Information About Segments We previously presented our results in two segments: Drug Operations and Brachytherapy. Due to the sale of our brachytherapy segment to GT Medical in the second quarter of 2024 and the classification of the assets and operations of the brachytherapy segment as discontinued operations in our consolidated financial statements, we have now determined that we operate in only one segment as we report operating results on an aggregate basis to our chief operating decision maker. Financial Information About Geographic Areas All of our long-lived assets are located in the United States. 28 Table of Contents Government Regulation Our present and future intended activities in the development, manufacture and sale of cancer therapy programs are subject to extensive laws, regulations, regulatory approvals and guidelines. In the United States, we must comply with laws, such as the U.S. Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA), regulations, guidance documents and standards promulgated by the FDA, which govern, among other things, the testing, development, manufacturing, quality control, safety, purity, potency, efficacy, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record keeping, distribution, marketing, sales, import, export, post-approval monitoring and reporting, advertising and other promotional practices involving pharmaceutical programs. We cannot market a product candidate in the United States until the pharmaceutical program has received FDA approval or licensure. The FFDCA provides several distinct pathways for the approval of new drugs. A new drug application (NDA) under Section 505(b)(1) of the FFDCA is a comprehensive application to support approval of a product candidate that includes, among other things, data and information to demonstrate that the proposed drug is safe and effective for its proposed uses, that production methods are adequate to ensure the identity, strength, quality and purity of the drug, and that proposed labeling is appropriate and contains all necessary information. A 505(b)(1) NDA generally contains results of the full set of preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the applicant to characterize and evaluate the product candidate. Alternatively, Section 505(b)(2) of the FFDCA permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. The applicant may rely to some extent upon the FDA’s findings of safety and effectiveness for an approved product that acts as the reference drug and submit its own product-specific data, which may include data from preclinical studies or clinical trials conducted by or on behalf of the applicant, to address differences between the product candidate and the reference drug. Drug manufacturers may also submit an abbreviated new drug application (ANDA) under section 505(j) of the FFDCA to market a generic version of an approved branded drug product if the manufacturer shows the generic version is “therapeutically equivalent” or expected to have the same clinical effect and safety profile as the branded drug product when administered to patients under the conditions specified in the labeling. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. In addition, the laws, rules and regulations that apply to our business are subject to change and it is difficult to foresee whether, how or when such changes may affect our business. In addition to the FFDCA, our operations and properties are subject to a variety of other federal and state laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to occupational safety and environmental laws, including laws with respect to any air emissions, wastewater discharges, waste disposal and the management of hazardous substances. Development and Approval Drug Development Process. The process to develop and obtain approval for pharmaceutical products for commercialization in the United States and many other countries is lengthy, complex and expensive, and the outcome is far from certain. Although foreign requirements for conducting clinical trials and obtaining approval may differ in certain respects from those in the United States, there are many similarities, and they often are equally rigorous, and the outcome cannot be predicted with confidence. The process required before a pharmaceutical product may be marketed in the United States generally include the following: • Completion of extensive non-clinical laboratory tests and animal studies in accordance with the FDA’s Good Laboratory Practices (GLP) regulations, applicable requirements for the humane use of laboratory animals, such as the Animal Welfare Act or other applicable regulations; • Filing an IND with the FDA for human clinical testing, which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; • Approval by an independent IRB or ethics committee overseeing each clinical site before each trial may be initiated at that site; • Designing and conducting adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable FDA regulations and guidance for clinical trials (including human subject protection and IRB requirements) and, where applicable, Good Clinical Practices (GCP) guidelines issued by the International Council for Harmonisation of Technical Requirements for Pharmaceuticals in Human Use, and any additional requirements for the protection of human research subjects and their health information, to establish the safety and efficacy of the drug for each proposed indication; • Submission to the FDA of an application for marketing approval that includes substantial evidence of safety and effectiveness from results of clinical trials, as well as the results of preclinical testing, detailed information about the chemistry, manufacturing and controls (CMC), and proposed labeling and packaging for the product candidate; • Consideration by an FDA Advisory Committee, if applicable; 29 Table of Contents • Satisfactory completion of potential FDA inspections of the preclinical study and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the marketing application; • Determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of a marketing application to accept and file the application for substantive review; • Satisfactory completion of FDA inspections of manufacturing facilities and, as applicable, clinical and nonclinical sites at which the active pharmaceutical ingredient, and finished drug product are produced and tested to assess compliance with CGMP; • Payment of applicable user fees; • FDA review and approval of the marketing application, including prescribing information, labeling and packaging of the drug program, agreement on post-marketing commitments, if applicable, prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the United States; and • If required, implementation of a Risk Evaluation & Mitigation Strategies (REMS) program, and conduct of any required Phase 4 studies, and compliance with post-approval requirements, including ongoing monitoring and reporting of adverse events related to the product. Prior to initiating human testing of any pharmaceutical product, the product undergoes preclinical testing. Nonclinical tests include laboratory evaluations of product chemistry, pharmacology, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess the potential safety and activity of the product candidate. Adherence to federal regulations, such as GLPs and the Animal Welfare Act enforced by the Department of Agriculture, is required during the conduct of these tests. The sponsor of a clinical study is required to submit the results of nonclinical tests, along with manufacturing details, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature, and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of an IND application before clinical testing may begin. Some nonclinical testing typically continues even after IND submission. An IND provides an exemption from the FFDCA, allowing the shipment of an unapproved product for investigational use in clinical trials, subject to FDA authorization. The IND becomes effective 30 days after FDA receipt, unless concerns are raised by the FDA about the proposed clinical trial, including whether subjects will be exposed to unreasonable risks, within that period, in which case outstanding issues must be resolved before the clinical trial can proceed. Clinical trials may involve the administration of the product candidate to healthy volunteers or patients under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the study sponsor’s control. Clinical trials involving some products for certain diseases may begin with testing in patients with the disease. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety, including stopping rules that assure a clinical trial will be stopped if certain adverse events should occur. Each protocol and any amendments to the protocol must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Clinical trials must be conducted and monitored in accordance with the FDA’s regulations comprising the GCP requirements, including the requirement that all research subjects or his or her legal representative provide informed consent. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an independent IRB at, or servicing, each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. IRBs are charged with protecting the welfare and rights of study participants and consider such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the form and content of the informed consent that must be signed by each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. Additionally, some trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. A sponsor conducting clinical trials outside the United States may conduct such studies under an IND, but is not required to do so; however, the FDA may accept foreign clinical data in support of an application only if the studies meet applicable requirements. Foreign study conducted under an IND must meet the same requirements that apply to studies being conducted in the United States. If a foreign clinical trial is not conducted under an IND, the sponsor may submit data from the clinical trial to the FDA in support of an application if the clinical trial is conducted in compliance with GCP, including review and approval by an independent ethics committee and compliance with informed consent principles, and the FDA is able to validate the data from the study through an onsite inspection if deemed necessary. Clinical trials are typically conducted in sequential phases, although they may overlap or be combined. The four phases are as follows: • Phase 1 . Phase 1 includes the initial introduction of an investigational product candidate into humans. Phase 1 trials generally are conducted in healthy volunteers but in some cases are conducted in patients with the target disease or condition. These trials are designed to evaluate the safety, metabolism, pharmacokinetic properties and pharmacologic actions of the investigational product candidate in humans, the side effects associated with increasing doses, and if possible, to gain early evidence on effectiveness. During Phase 1 trials, sufficient information about the investigational product candidate’s pharmacokinetic properties and pharmacological effects may be obtained to permit the design of Phase 2 trials. The total number of participants included in Phase 1 trials varies but is generally in the range of 20 to 80. 30 Table of Contents • Phase 2 . Phase 2 includes the controlled clinical trials conducted in patients with the target disease or condition, to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage, to identify possible adverse side effects and safety risks associated with the product candidate, and to obtain initial evidence of the effectiveness of the investigational product candidate for a particular indication. Phase 2 trials are typically well controlled, closely monitored, and conducted in a limited subject population, usually involving no more than several hundred participants. • Phase 3 . Phase 3 trials are controlled clinical trials conducted in an expanded subject population at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites. They are performed after preliminary evidence suggesting effectiveness of the investigational product candidate has been obtained and are intended to further evaluate dosage, clinical effectiveness and safety, to establish the overall benefit-risk relationship of the product candidate, and to provide an adequate basis for drug approval. Phase 3 trials usually involve several hundred to several thousand participants. In most cases, the FDA requires two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 trials to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of the drug; however, the FDA may find a single Phase 2 or Phase 3 trial with other confirmatory evidence to be sufficient in rare instances, particularly in an area of significant unmet medical need and if the trial design provides a well-controlled and reliable assessment of clinical benefit. • Phase 4 . Post-approval studies, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These studies may be required by the FDA as a condition of approval or licensure and are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. The FDA has express statutory authority to require post-market clinical studies to address safety issues. During all phases of clinical development, regulatory agencies require extensive monitoring and auditing of all clinical activities, clinical data and clinical trial investigators. Annual progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted to the FDA. Written IND safety reports must be promptly submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse events, any findings from other studies, tests in laboratory animals or in vitro testing and other sources that suggest a significant risk for human subjects, or any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must submit an IND safety report within 15 calendar days after the sponsor determines that the information qualifies for reporting. The sponsor also must notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction within seven calendar days after the sponsor’s initial receipt of the information. Clinical trials may not be completed successfully within a specified period of time, if at all. The decision to terminate development of an investigational product may be made by a health authority (such as the FDA), an IRB/ethics committee, or by a company for various reasons. At any time before or during clinical trials, the FDA may order the temporary or permanent discontinuation of a clinical trial, which is referred to as a clinical hold, or impose other sanctions, if the agency believes the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or presents an unacceptable risk to the clinical trial patients. If the FDA imposes a clinical hold, trials may not recommence without FDA authorization and then only under terms authorized by the FDA. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB’s requirements or if the investigational product has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. There are requirements for the registration of ongoing clinical trials of product candidates on public registries and the disclosure of certain clinical trial results and other trial information after completion within timeframes to the NIH for public dissemination on its clinicaltrials.gov website. In addition, sponsors or distributors of investigational products for the diagnosis, monitoring or treatment of one or more serious diseases or conditions must have a publicly available policy on evaluating and responding to requests for expanded access requests. Assuming successful completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, detailed investigational product candidate information is submitted to the FDA in the form of a marketing application to request market approval for the product in specified indications. Marketing Application . After completing the clinical studies required to support an application, a sponsor seeking approval to market a product candidate in the United States submits to the FDA an NDA (or, for biologics, a Biologics License Application). The NDA is a comprehensive application intended to demonstrate the product candidate’s safety and effectiveness and includes, among other things, preclinical and clinical data, information about the product candidate’s composition, and detailed CMC information, including manufacturing processes, controls and specifications. When an application is submitted, the FDA makes an initial determination as to whether the application is sufficiently complete to be filed for review. If the application is not complete, the FDA may refuse to file the application and request additional information. A refusal to file, which requires resubmission of the application with the requested additional information, delays review of the application. 31 Table of Contents The FDA reviews the application to determine, among other things, whether the proposed product is safe and effective for its intended use, and whether the product is being manufactured in accordance with CGMP. Before approving an application, the FDA may inspect one or more clinical sites (and related records) to assess compliance with applicable clinical trial requirements and the reliability of the data. FDA Advisory Committee meetings may be held for New Chemical Entities, novel indications, or for applications that otherwise present scientific, technical or policy questions on which the agency believes it would benefit from the perspectives of outside experts. An advisory committee meeting includes a panel of independent experts, including clinicians and other scientific experts, who review, evaluate and make a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. After review of an NDA, the FDA may grant marketing approval, request additional information, or issue a complete response letter (CRL) communicating the reasons for the agency’s decision not to approve the application. The CRL may request additional information, including additional preclinical or clinical data, for the FDA to reconsider the application. An application may be resubmitted with the deficiencies addressed, but resubmission does not guarantee approval. Data from clinical trials are not always conclusive, and the FDA’s interpretation of data may differ from the sponsor’s. Obtaining approval can take years, requires substantial resources and depends on a number of factors, including the severity of the targeted disease or condition, the availability of alternative treatments, and the risks and benefits demonstrated in clinical trials. Additionally, as a condition of approval, the FDA may impose restrictions that could affect the commercial prospects of a product and increase costs, such as a REMS, and/or post-approval commitments to conduct additional clinical trials or non-clinical studies or to conduct surveillance programs to monitor the product’s effects. Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act, certain applications for approval must also include an assessment, generally based on clinical study data, of the safety and effectiveness of the subject product in relevant pediatric populations, unless a waiver or deferral is granted. Expedited Programs. The FDA maintains certain expedited programs to facilitate the development and review processes for certain qualifying pharmaceutical product candidates, including Fast Track designation, breakthrough therapy designation, priority review designation and accelerated approval pathway. A pharmaceutical product candidate may be granted Fast Track designation if it is intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening condition and demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for such condition. With Fast Track designation, the sponsor may be eligible for more frequent opportunities to obtain the FDA’s feedback, and the FDA may review completed sections of the marketing application on a rolling basis, subject to FDA agreement. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides, and the FDA approves, a schedule for the remaining information. Even if a product receives Fast Track designation, the designation can be rescinded and provides no assurance that a product will be reviewed or approved more expeditiously than would otherwise have been the case, or that the product will be approved at all. The FDA may designate a product candidate as a breakthrough therapy if it finds that the product candidate is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other product candidates or approved products, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the product candidate may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. For product candidates with Breakthrough Therapy Designation, more frequent interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development. Product candidates designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA may also be eligible for priority review. Even if a product receives Breakthrough Therapy Designation, the designation can be rescinded if the FDA determines the program no longer meets the qualifying criteria for breakthrough therapy and provides no assurance that a product will be reviewed or approved more expeditiously than would otherwise have been the case, or that the product will be approved at all. Accelerated approval under FDA regulations allows a product designed to treat a serious condition and that provides meaningful advantage over available therapy or addresses an unmet medical need to be approved on the basis of either an intermediate clinical endpoint or a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably likely to predict clinical benefit. As a condition of accelerated approval, the FDA will require that a sponsor of a drug product subject to accelerated approval perform an adequate and well-controlled post-marketing clinical trial to confirm clinical benefit. If a sponsor fails to conduct any required post-approval trial with due diligence, the FDA may withdraw the drug from the market. In addition, the FDA may require certain promotional materials to be submitted in advance of dissemination, which could adversely impact the timing of the commercial launch of the product. 32 Table of Contents The FDA may also grant priority review for an application, which sets a target action date of six months from the date the application is filed for review (approximately eight months from the sponsor’s original submission). Priority review may be granted where a product is intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition and, if approved, has the potential to provide a safe and effective therapy where no satisfactory alternative therapy exists or a significant improvement in safety or efficacy compared to available therapy. If criteria are not met for priority review, the standard FDA review period is 10 months from FDA filing or 12 months from sponsor submission. Priority review designation does not change the scientific/medical standard for approval or the quality of evidence necessary to support approval. Priority review may be available also for sponsors with a PRV. FDA awards PRVs to drug sponsors that develop drugs for tropical diseases or rare pediatric diseases or to use as medical countermeasures. The PRV is transferable and may be sold to another drug sponsor. Orphan Drug Designation. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug product intended to treat a “rare disease or condition,” which is generally a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States, or more than 200,000 individuals in the United States, but for which there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and making a drug product available in the United States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the product. If orphan drug designation is sought, it must be requested before submission of the applicable marketing application and in any event prior to approval. If the FDA grants orphan drug designation, the common name of the therapeutic agent and its designated orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan drug designation does not, by itself, convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of the regulatory review and approval process. If a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which the FDA has interpreted to preclude approving for seven years any other sponsor’s application to market the same drug for the same use for which the drug has been granted orphan drug designation, except in limited circumstances (e.g., clinical superiority, consent or inability to assure sufficient supply). Orphan drug exclusivity does not prevent the FDA from approving a different drug for the same disease or condition, or the same drug for a different disease or condition. Among the other benefits of orphan drug designation are tax credits for certain research and a waiver of the NDA application user fee. As in the United States, designation as an orphan drug for the treatment of a specific indication in the European Union, must be made before the application for marketing authorization is made. Orphan drugs in Europe enjoy economic and marketing benefits, including up to 10 years of market exclusivity, subject to certain conditions and potential exceptions. Exclusivity and Patent Restoration. In the United States and elsewhere, certain regulatory exclusivities and patent rights can provide an approved drug product with protection from certain competitors’ products for a period of time and within a certain scope. In the United States, those protections include regulatory exclusivity under the Hatch-Waxman Act, which provides periods of exclusivity for a branded drug product that would serve as a reference listed drug for a generic drug applicant filing and an ANDA under section 505(j) of the FFDCA or as a listed drug for an applicant filing an NDA under section 505(b)(2) of the FFDCA. If such a product is a “new chemical entity,” generally meaning that the active moiety has never before been approved in any drug, there is a period of five years from the product’s approval during which the FDA may not accept for filing any ANDA or 505(b)(2) application for a drug with the same active moiety. (An application that contains a challenge to a patent associated with the reference product may be submitted at four years after reference product approval.) Certain changes to an approved drug, such as the approval of a new indication, may qualify for a three-year period of exclusivity during which the FDA cannot approve an ANDA or 505(b)(2) NDA for a similar drug that includes the change. In addition, the Hatch-Waxman Act also provides for the restoration of a portion of the patent term lost during product development and FDA review of a marketing application if approval of the application is the first permitted commercial marketing of a drug containing the active ingredient. The patent term restoration period is generally one-half the time between the effective date of the IND or the date of patent grant (whichever is later) and the date of submission of the application, plus the time between the date of submission of the application and the date of FDA approval of the product. The maximum period of restoration is five years, and the patent cannot be extended to more than 14 years from the date of FDA approval of the product. Only one patent claiming each approved product is eligible for restoration and the patent holder must apply for restoration within 60 days of approval. The United States Patent and Trademark Office, in consultation with the FDA, reviews and approves the application for patent term restoration. 33 Table of Contents Post-Approval Regulation Quality Assurance and Current Good Manufacturing Practice Requirements. The FDA enforces regulations to ensure that the methods used in, and the facilities and controls used for, the manufacture, processing, packaging and holding of pharmaceutical products conform to CGMP. The CGMP regulations that the FDA enforces are comprehensive and cover all aspects of manufacturing operations, from receipt of raw materials to finished product distribution, and are designed to ensure that the finished products meet all the required identity, strength, quality and purity characteristics. Compliance with CGMP includes adhering to requirements relating to organization and training of personnel, buildings and facilities, equipment, control of components and drug product containers and closures, production and process controls, quality control and quality assurance, packaging and labeling controls, holding and distribution, laboratory controls, and records and reports. Additionally, manufacturers of PET products are subject to a different set of CGMP requirements than other drug products. Third-party manufacturers of products are required also to comply with applicable requirements in the CGMP regulations, including quality control and quality assurance and maintenance of records and documentation. Failure of the Company’s third-party suppliers, to comply with applicable CGMP requirements or the conditions of the product’s approval may lead the FDA to take enforcement actions, such as issuing a warning letter, or to seek sanctions, including fines, civil penalties, injunctions, suspension of manufacturing operations, imposition of operating restrictions, withdrawal of FDA approval, seizure or recall of products, and criminal prosecution. Other regulatory authorities have their own CGMP rules. Ensuring compliance requires a continuous commitment of time, money and effort in all operational areas. Sales and Marketing . Once a marketing application is approved, a company’s advertising, promotion and marketing of the product will be subject to close regulation, including promotion to healthcare practitioners, direct-to-consumer advertising, communications regarding unapproved uses (or “off-label uses”), industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, state and federal fraud and abuse laws have been applied to restrict certain marketing practices in the pharmaceutical industry. Failure to comply with applicable requirements in this area may subject a company to adverse publicity, investigations and enforcement action by the FDA, the Department of Justice, the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, and/or state authorities. FDA sanctions could include refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval or license revocation, clinical hold, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, debarment, restitution, disgorgement of profits or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on a company’s ability to develop, promote or distribute pharmaceutical products. New Legislation . New legislation is passed periodically in Congress, or at the state level, that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the approval, manufacturing and marketing of products regulated by the FDA. Further, the FDA revises its regulations and guidance in light of new legislation in ways that may affect our business or products. It is impossible to predict whether other changes to legislation, regulation, or guidance will be enacted, or what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. Other Requirements . Companies that manufacture or distribute drug products pursuant to approved NDAs must meet numerous other regulatory requirements, including adverse event reporting, submission of periodic reports, and record-keeping obligations. Other Requirements for Radioactive Substances. In the United States, as a manufacturer of pharmaceuticals utilizing radioactive byproduct material, we are subject to extensive regulation by not only federal governmental authorities, such as the FDA and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), but also by state and local governmental authorities to ensure such products are safe and effective. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) and certain states that are authorized pursuant to Section 274 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended, 42 U.S.C. § 2021, to license and regulate the use of radioactive materials within their borders (Agreement States), acting under authority from the NRC, regulate the possession, use and disposal of radioactive byproduct material as well as the manufacture of radioactive sealed sources to ensure compliance with state and federal laws and regulations. Our targeted alpha therapies are subject to these regulations. In the future, as our product development progresses, we will be required to obtain one or more Radioactive Materials Licenses from the NRC and/or Agreement States and comply with related NRC and Agreement State license conditions and regulations. We will have to comply with NRC and Agreement State regulations applicable to radiopharmaceutical administration and radioactive waste disposal. Moreover, our use, management and disposal of certain radioactive hazardous substances and wastes are subject to regulation by several federal and state agencies depending on the nature of the substance or waste material. We believe that we are in compliance with all federal and state laws for this purpose. 34 Table of Contents In the European Union (EU), laws and regulations at EU level and in the EU Member States govern or influence the research, testing, manufacture, safety, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, distribution, use, reporting, advertising and promotion of radiopharmaceutical products. Furthermore, in the EU, a legal framework is in place to ensure the safety of patients and medical staff working with radiopharmaceutical products. This framework consists of several directives, such as Council Directive 2013/59/Euratom on basic safety standards, which provides requirements related to radiation protection in medicine, particularly regarding the recording of radiation doses, the role of medical physicist and risk assessments, and Council Directive 2011/70/Euratom on the responsible and safe management of spent fuel and radioactive waste. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations can be expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and production efforts, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. See “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors to provide supplies and services used in the development and production of our alpha-particle therapies. • If we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise adversely affected. • Because the results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, any product candidate we advance into clinical trials may not have favorable results in later clinical trials, if any, or receive regulatory approval. • Delays in the commencement, execution or completion of our clinical trials could result in increased costs and delay our ability to pursue regulatory approval and commercialization of our product candidates. • We may be required to suspend, repeat or terminate our clinical trials if they are not conducted in accordance with regulatory requirements, the results are negative or inconclusive, or the trials are not well designed. • The approval processes of regulatory authorities are lengthy, time consuming, expensive and inherently unpredictable; if we experience unanticipated delays or are unable to obtain approval for our product candidates from applicable regulatory authorities, we will not be able to market and sell those product candidates in those countries or regions and our business will be substantially harmed. • Disruptions at the FDA, including due to a lapse in appropriations and/or decreased funding for the FDA, could prevent the FDA from performing functions on which our business relies, which could negatively impact our business. • We receive federal funding to conduct certain research on our product candidates and other programs, and recent federal policy changes could disrupt that funding. • Our product candidates may cause undesirable side effects or have other properties that could delay or prevent their regulatory approval, limit the commercial profile of the approved labeling, or result in significant negative consequences following marketing approval, if any. • If we are unable to execute our sales and marketing strategy for our product candidates, if commercialized, and are unable to gain market acceptance, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenue to sustain our business. • Because we license technology underlying some of our product candidates from third parties, any dispute with our licensors or non-performance by us or by our licensors may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize the applicable product candidates. • We may form or seek strategic alliances or enter into additional licensing arrangements in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such alliances or licensing arrangements. • We may rely partially on third parties to manufacture our clinical pharmaceutical supplies and could continue to rely on third parties to produce commercial supplies of any approved product candidate, and our dependence on third party suppliers could adversely impact our business. • We may not be successful in managing the build-out of our

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers and suppliers, for which we have not received the goods or services and acquisition and licensing of intellectual property. Although open purchase orders are considered enforceable and legally binding, the terms generally allow us the option to cancel, reschedule and/or adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to the delivery of goods or performance of services. In July 2023, we entered into a lease for office space in Seattle, WA that terminates in October 2028. Upon entering into this lease, we recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately $0.8 million on the balance sheet based upon the present value of the future lease payments discounted at an 8% discount rate using the rate of interest that we would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment as the lease does not provide an implicit discount rate. For additional information related to our leases, see Note 10, Leases in this Form 10-K. 84 Table of Contents Effective April 2024, we entered into a lease for lab space in Coralville, IA. The lease terminates in March 2028. Upon entering into this lease, we recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately $1.1 million on the balance sheet based upon the present value of the future lease payments discounted at an 8% discount rate using the rate of interest that we would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment as the lease does not provide an implicit discount rate. We acquired a lease from Progenics, an affiliate of Lantheus, for a production facility in Somerset, NJ, effective in March 2024 (see Note 3, Investments and Agreements , in this Form 10-K). The lease terminates in November 2028. Upon entering into this lease, we recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately $0.3 million on the balance sheet based upon the present value of the future lease payments discounted at an 8% discount rate using the rate of interest that we would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment as the lease does not provide an implicit discount rate. In August 2024, we assumed a lease from Progenics for office space in Somerset, NJ. The lease terminates in November 2028. Upon entering into this lease, we recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately $0.6 million on the balance sheet based upon the present value of the future lease payments discounted at an 8% discount rate using the rate of interest that we would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment as the lease does not provide an implicit discount rate. In September 2024, we entered into a Master Equipment and Services Agreement (MESA) and statements of work (SOWs) thereunder with Comecer SpA (Comecer), pursuant to which we agreed to purchase from Comecer manufacturing equipment for the production of our radiopharmaceutical products including, but not limited to, isotope processing hot cells and production suites and related equipment (collectively, the Deliverables) and services for installation and validation of the Deliverables at several of our production facilities in the United States. The aggregate consideration for such equipment and services pursuant to the MESA and SOWs is approximately €49.0 million payable in cash, excluding certain incidental costs such as taxes, customs and duties, local transport, insurance and rigging. We may also elect to purchase certain additional equipment and services pursuant to the SOWs. The MESA provides for the payment of certain amounts in installments over the course of the production, installation and validation of the Deliverables. In October 2025, we entered into an agreement with a general contractor to begin building modifications at our facility in the Chicago, IL metropolitan area along with preparations for the eventual installation of some of the Comecer manufacturing equipment and associated clean rooms. We currently estimate that the aggregate cost of these modifications will be approximately $27.5 million. However, actual costs may differ. In November 2025, we entered into a lease for office space in Coralville, IA. The lease terminates in November 2028. Upon entering into this lease, we recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately $0.2 million on the balance sheet based upon the present value of the future lease payments discounted at an 8% discount rate using the rate of interest that we would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment as the lease does not provide an implicit discount rate. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have no off-balance sheet arrangements. 85 Table of Contents ITEM 7A – QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, the Company is not required to provide Item 7A disclosure in this Annual Report. IT EM 8 – FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Information required by this Item 8 is incorporated by reference to our Consolidated Financial Statements and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm beginning at page F-1 of this Annual Report. ITEM 9 – CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A – CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), as of December 31, 2025. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer concluded that the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. The design of any system of controls is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions, regardless of how remote. However, management believes that our system of disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide a reasonable level of assurance that the objectives of the system will be met. Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance concerning both the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. This control includes policies and procedures that obligate us to maintain reasonably detailed records that accurately and fairly reflect our transactions and the disposition of our assets, provide assurance that our transactions are properly recorded, ensure that our receipts and expenditures are authorized by management and, where applicable, our Board of Directors, and prevent or allow us to timely detect material unauthorized acquisitions, uses or dispositions of our assets. We have evaluated the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013). This evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and our principal financial officer, both of whom concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. Our evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in future periods may differ due to changing conditions or noncompliance with the policies and procedures we have established. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B – OTHER INFORMATION Trading Plans During the three months ended December 31, 2025 , none of our directors or executive officers adopted , modified or terminated any “Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement” or “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. ITEM 9C - DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 86 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10 – DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this item and not set forth below will be set forth in our definitive proxy statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Proxy Statement) to be filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K and is incorporated into this Form 10-K by reference. ITEM 11 – EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this item and not set forth below will be set forth in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K and is incorporated into this Form 10-K by reference. ITEM 12 – SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this item and not set forth below will be set forth in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K and is incorporated into this Form 10-K by reference. ITEM 13 – CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this item and not set forth below will be set forth in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K and is incorporated into this Form 10-K by reference. ITEM 14 – PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this item and not set forth below will be set forth in our Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K and is incorporated into this Form 10-K by reference. 87 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15 – EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 1. For a list of the financial statements included herein, see Index to the financial statements of this Form 10-K, incorporated into this Item by reference. 2. Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are either not required or not applicable or the information is included in the financial statements or the notes thereto. 3. Exhibits: Exhibit # Description 2.1 Plan of Conversion, incorporated by reference to Appendix A of the Form Def 14A filed on November 9, 2018. 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 27, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K filed on September 28, 2022. 2.3 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated October 21, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on October 24, 2022. 2.4# Asset Purchase Agreement, dated December 7, 2023, by and among Isoray Medical, Inc., GT Medical Technologies, Inc., and Perspective Therapeutics, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on December 14, 2023. 2.5 Amendment No. 1 to Asset Purchase Agreement, dated March 28, 2024, by and among Isoray Medical, Inc., GT Medical Technologies, Inc., and Perspective Therapeutics, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Form 8-K filed on April 3, 2024. 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. as of February 14, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2023. 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Perspective Therapeutics, Inc., effective June 14, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Form 8-K filed on June 14, 2024 . 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. as of February 14, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Form 8-K filed on February 16, 2023. 4.1 Description of Securities, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 10-K filed on March 26, 2025 . 4.2 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Form 8-K filed on February 3, 2026 . 10.1! Isoray, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2024. 10.2! Form of Isoray, Inc. Stock Option Agreement and Notice of Grant of Stock Option, by and between each grantee thereunder and Isoray, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on June 30, 2017. 10.3! Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. Third Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 10-Q filed on August 13, 2024. 10.4! Form of Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. Stock Option Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Form 10-K filed on March 26, 2025 . 10.5! Form of Indemnification Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2024. 10.6 Exclusive License Agreement between Viewpoint Molecular Targeting, Inc. and the University of Iowa Research Foundation, dated June 5, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2023. 10.7 Amendment #1 to the Exclusive License Agreement between Viewpoint Molecular Targeting, Inc. and the University of Iowa Research Foundation, dated July 31, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2023. 10.8 Amendment #2 to the Exclusive License Agreement between Viewpoint Molecular Targeting, Inc. and the University of Iowa Research Foundation, dated November 13, 2019, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2023. 10.9 Amendment #3 to the Exclusive License Agreement between Viewpoint Molecular Targeting, Inc. and the University of Iowa Research Foundation, dated January 30, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2023. 10.10 Amendment #4 to the Exclusive License Agreement between Viewpoint Molecular Targeting, Inc. and the University of Iowa Research Foundation, dated June 11, 2020, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 of the Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2023. 10.11 Form of U.S. Department of Energy Order Form between Viewpoint Molecular Targeting, Inc. and Oak Ridge National Laboratory, dated January 1, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 of the Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2023. 10.12 Promissory Note between Viewpoint Molecular Targeting, Inc. and Hills Bank and Trust Company, dated December 29, 2022, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 of the Form 10-Q filed on May 15, 2023. 88 Table of Contents 10.13*! Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated November 3, 2025, by and between Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Johan Spoor . 10.14*! Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated November 3, 2025, by and between Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Dr. Markus Puhlmann . 10.15 Executive Employment Agreement, effective as of September 4, 2025, by and between Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Joel Sendek, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2025 . 10.16 Separation Agreement, effective September 24, 2025, between Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Juan Graham, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 10-Q filed on November 10, 2025 . 10.17 Registration Rights Agreement, dated January 22, 2024, by and between the Company and Lantheus Alpha Therapy, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 of the Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2024. 10.18 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 6, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K filed on March 6, 2024 . 10.19+# Investment Agreement, by and between Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Lantheus Alpha Therapy, LLC, dated January 8, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K/A filed on January 17, 2024. 10.20+ Asset Purchase Agreement, by and between Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated January 8, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K/A filed on January 17, 2024. 10.21+# Option Agreement, by and between Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Lantheus Alpha Therapy, LLC, dated January 8, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Form 8-K/A filed on January 17, 2024. 10.22+ Master Equipment and Services Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2024, by and between Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Comecer SpA, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2024. 10.23+ Form of Statement of Work Pursuant to Master Equipment and Services Agreement, dated as of September 18, 2024, by and between Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Comecer SpA, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Form 8-K filed on September 20, 2024. 10.24 Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated as of August 13, 2024, by and among Perspective Therapeutics, Inc., Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 of the Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2024. 19.1 Insider Trading Policy, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.1 of the Form 10-K filed on March 26, 2025 . 21.1* Subsidiaries of the Company . 23.1* Consent of WithumSmith+Brown, PC. 31.1* Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2* Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32** Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 97! Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97 of the Form 10-K filed on March 28, 2024. 101.INS* Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) *	Filed Herewith **	Furnished Herewith !	Denotes Management Contract or Compensatory Plan or Arrangement +	Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. #	Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Company will furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. The Company may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, for any schedules or exhibits so furnished. ITEM 16 – FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 89 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Dated: March 16, 2026 PERSPECTIVE THERAPEUTICS, INC., a Delaware corporation By: /s/ Johan (Thijs) Spoor Johan (Thijs) Spoor, Chief Executive Officer, Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. Dated: March 16, 2026 /s/ Johan (Thijs) Spoor Johan (Thijs) Spoor, Chief Executive Officer, Director Principal Executive Officer /s/ Joel Sendek Joel Sendek, Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer /s/ Jonathan Hunt Jonathan Hunt, Chief Accounting Officer Principal Accounting Officer /s/ Lori A. Woods Lori A. Woods, Chairperson /s/ Heidi Henson Heidi Henson, Director /s/ Robert F. Williamson III Robert F. Williamson III, Director /s/ Frank Morich Frank Morich, Director /s/ Maria E. Martinez Maria E. Martinez, Director 90 Table of Contents Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries Index to Consolidated Financial Statements Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 100) F- 2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F- 3 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss F- 4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F- 5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity F- 6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F- 7 F- 1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Stockholders and Board of Directors Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders’ equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (“PCAOB”) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. We have served as the Company's auditor since 2024. /s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC San Francisco, California March 16, 2026 PCAOB ID Number 100 F- 2 Table of Contents PART I - FINA NCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1 - FIN ANCIAL STATEMENTS Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolid ated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except shares and par value data) December 31, December 31, 2025 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents $ 30,629 $ 61,580 Short-term investments 114,108 165,336 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts: $ 375 and $ 543 6 116 Prepaid expenses and other current assets 3,646 4,128 Total current assets 148,389 231,160 Noncurrent assets: Property and equipment, net 76,597 57,321 Right-of-use asset, net 1,500 2,215 Intangible assets, in-process research and development 40,000 50,000 Other assets, net 486 405 Total assets $ 266,972 $ 341,101 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 20,511 $ 10,343 Lease liability 623 957 Accrued personnel expenses 7,489 5,478 Note payable 56 52 Deferred Income (Note 3) - 1,400 Total current liabilities 28,679 18,230 Noncurrent liabilities: Lease liability, net of current portion 1,005 1,428 Note payable, net of current portion 1,569 1,625 Deferred Income, net of current portion (Note 3) 26,600 26,600 Deferred tax liability 1,702 2,495 Other noncurrent liabilities 386 55 Total liabilities 59,941 50,433 Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Stockholders’ equity: Preferred stock: $ 0.001 par value; 7,000,000 shares authorized; 5,000,000 designated Series B convertible; no shares issued - - Common stock: $ 0.001 par value; authorized 750,000,000 shares; issued 74,337,990 and 70,671,464 shares 74 70 Additional paid-in capital 541,687 522,368 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 110 ( 51 ) Accumulated deficit ( 334,840 ) ( 231,719 ) Total stockholders’ equity 207,031 290,668 Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity $ 266,972 $ 341,101 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 3 Table of Contents Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolida ted Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (Dollars and shares in thousands, except for per-share amounts) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Grant revenue $ 884 $ 1,454 Operating expenses: Research and development 84,215 41,638 General and administrative 30,233 26,613 Goodwill impairment - 24,062 Loss on disposal of property and equipment - 27 Total operating expenses 114,448 92,340 Operating loss ( 113,564 ) ( 90,886 ) Non-operating income (expense): Interest income 8,114 10,515 Interest and other expense ( 376 ) ( 48 ) Other income from a related party (Note 3) 1,400 - Equity in loss of affiliate ( 2 ) ( 8 ) Total non-operating income, net 9,136 10,459 Net loss from continuing operations ( 104,428 ) ( 80,427 ) Net gain (loss) from discontinued operations 514 ( 949 ) Net loss before deferred income tax benefit ( 103,914 ) ( 81,376 ) Deferred income tax benefit 793 2,097 Net loss $ ( 103,121 ) $ ( 79,279 ) Basic and diluted loss per share: Loss from continuing operations $ ( 1.41 ) $ ( 1.22 ) Gain (loss) from discontinued operations 0.01 ( 0.01 ) Basic and diluted loss per share $ ( 1.40 ) $ ( 1.23 ) Weighted average number of common shares used in computing net loss per share, basic and diluted: 73,813 64,425 Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities $ 161 $ ( 51 ) Comprehensive loss $ ( 102,960 ) $ ( 79,330 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 4 Table of Contents Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands, except shares) Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss $ ( 103,121 ) $ ( 79,279 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Foreign currency adjustments 250 ( 65 ) Depreciation expense and amortization 3,251 2,306 Loss on disposal of property and equipment - 27 Net accretion of discounts on available-for-sale securities ( 2,723 ) ( 607 ) Loss on divestiture - 59 Goodwill impairment - 24,062 In-process research and development impairment 10,000 - Share-based compensation 8,966 5,387 Deferred income tax benefit ( 793 ) ( 2,097 ) Other, net 5 99 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 110 1,049 Inventory related to discontinued operations (Note 4) - 11 Interest receivable ( 142 ) ( 880 ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets 624 ( 1,911 ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses 147 1,890 Deferred Income 1 ( 1,400 ) 28,000 Accrued personnel expenses 2,011 3,600 Other noncurrent liabilities 331 55 Net cash used in operating activities ( 82,484 ) ( 18,294 ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Additions to property and equipment ( 12,749 ) ( 54,414 ) Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment - 335 Additions to other assets ( 135 ) ( 72 ) Maturities of available-for-sale securities 173,950 - Purchases of available-for-sale securities ( 119,838 ) ( 164,780 ) Proceeds from maturity of held-to-maturity investments - 78,730 Purchases of held-to-maturity investments - ( 78,730 ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 41,228 ( 218,931 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Repayment of notes payable ( 52 ) ( 48 ) Proceeds from sales of common stock, pursuant to exercise of warrants, net - 125 Proceeds from sales of common stock, pursuant to exercise of options 371 1,253 Proceeds from the sales of common stock and Pre-funded Warrants, net 1 - 288,055 Proceeds from the issuance of common stock pursuant to the ATM, net 1 9,986 - Net cash provided by financing activities 10,305 289,385 Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ( 30,951 ) 52,160 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 61,580 9,420 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD $ 30,629 $ 61,580 Supplemental schedule of noncash investing and financing activities: Property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued expenses $ 9,771 $ - Recognition of operating lease liability and right-of-use asset 205 2,115 1. See Note 3, Investments and Agreements , for additional information. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 5 Table of Contents Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated State ments of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity (In thousands, except shares) Common Stock Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Balances at December 31, 2023 1 28,180,985 $ 28 $ 227,591 $ - $ ( 152,440 ) $ 75,179 Issuance of common stock and Pre-funded Warrants, net 1,2 42,163,012 42 288,013 - - 288,055 Cancellation of fractional shares due to the 1-for-10 reverse stock split ( 114 ) - ( 1 ) - - ( 1 ) Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of options 1 304,795 - 1,253 - - 1,253 Issuance of stock pursuant to exercise of common stock warrants 1 22,786 - 125 - - 125 Unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities ( 51 ) - ( 51 ) Share-based compensation 1 - - 5,387 - - 5,387 Net loss - - - - ( 79,279 ) ( 79,279 ) Balances at December 31, 2024 70,671,464 $ 70 $ 522,368 $ ( 51 ) $ ( 231,719 ) $ 290,668 Issuance of common stock pursuant to exercise of options 141,297 - 371 - - 371 Issuance of common stock pursuant to the exercise of Pre-funded Warrants, net 2 145,852 1 ( 1 ) - - - Issuance of common stock pursuant to the ATM, net 2 3,379,377 3 9,983 - - 9,986 Unrealized gain on available-for-sale securities 161 - 161 Share-based compensation - - 8,966 - - 8,966 Net loss - - - - ( 103,121 ) ( 103,121 ) Balances at December 31, 2025 74,337,990 $ 74 $ 541,687 $ 110 $ ( 334,840 ) $ 207,031 1. Amounts for prior periods presented have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the 1-for- 10 reverse stock split effected on June 14, 2024. See Note 1 for details. 2. See Note 3, Investments and Agreements , for additional information. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 6 Table of Contents Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to the Consolidated Fin ancial Statements 1. Description of Business Perspective Therapeutics, Inc. is a radiopharmaceutical development company that is pioneering advanced treatment applications for cancers throughout the body. The accompanying consolidated financial statements are those of Perspective Therapeutics, Inc., and its wholly owned subsidiaries, referred to herein as “Perspective Therapeutics” or the “Company.” Discontinued Operations On April 12, 2024, the Company completed the sale of its Cesium-131 brachytherapy business and substantially all of the assets of Isoray Medical, Inc. (Isoray), a wholly owned subsidiary of Perspective Therapeutics, to GT Medical Technologies, Inc., a Delaware corporation (GT Medical) (such transaction being the GT Medical Closing). Pursuant to the GT Medical Closing, GT Medical issued to Isoray 279,516 shares of GT Medical’s common stock, par value $ 0.0001 per share, representing 0.5 % of GT Medical’s issued and outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted basis as of the closing. Accordingly, the financial information and operating results of the Cesium-131 brachytherapy business have been presented as discontinued operations in the consolidated financial statements for all periods presented. Unless otherwise noted, discussion within these notes to the consolidated financial statements relates to continuing operations. For additional information, see Note 4, Discontinued Operations , in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (Form 10-K). Reverse Stock Split On June 14, 2024, the Company effected a 1-for-10 reverse stock split (Reverse Split) of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value $ 0.001 per share (Common Stock), and the Common Stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis on June 17, 2024. The Reverse Split did not reduce the total number of authorized shares of Common Stock or the Company’s preferred stock, par value $ 0.001 per share (Preferred Stock), or change the par values of the Common Stock or Preferred Stock. The Reverse Split affected all stockholders uniformly and did not affect any stockholder’s ownership percentage of the shares of Common Stock (except to the extent that the Reverse Split resulted in some of the stockholders receiving cash in lieu of fractional shares). All outstanding options and warrants entitling their holders to purchase shares of Common Stock were adjusted as a result of the Reverse Split, in accordance with the terms of each such security. In addition, the number of shares reserved for future issuance pursuant to the Company’s equity incentive plans was also adjusted accordingly. As a result, all historical per share data, number of shares issued and outstanding, and outstanding options and warrants for the periods presented in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been adjusted retroactively in this Form 10-K, where applicable, to reflect the Reverse Split. Segment Information A segment is defined as a component of an entity that has discrete financial information available for regular evaluation by the Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) and is used to make decisions on how to allocate resources and assess performance. The Company has one operating and reportable segment, which is its radiopharmaceutical development segment. The accounting policies of the radiopharmaceutical development segment are the same as those reported in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . The measurement of segment profit or loss is reported as “net loss” in the Consolidated Statements of Operation and Comprehensive Loss. The Company monitors its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, as reported in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, to determine funding for its research and development. To allocate resources, the Company’s CODM, who is its Chief Executive Officer , regularly reviews scientific data from clinical and preclinical studies and forecasted expenses for continued operations. The Company currently does not generate revenue from commercial products and incurs the majority of its expenses in the United States. Liquidity The Company assesses its liquidity in terms of its ability to generate cash to fund its operating, investing and financing activities. The Company has had a history of operating losses and an absence of significant recurring cash inflows from revenue. At December 31, 2025, the Company had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $ 144.7 million and total accumulated deficit of $ 334.8 million. In February 2026, the Company announced the closing of an underwritten offering with gross proceeds of $ 175.0 million before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering-related expenses. The Company has historically financed its operations primarily through selling equity. F- 7 Table of Contents The Company believes that its $ 144.7 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments as of December 31, 2025, together with the net proceeds from the February 2026 offering, will be sufficient to fund its current clinical milestones and operational investments into late 2027, though it may raise additional capital through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, collaborations, strategic alliances and marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements and/or government funding and grants. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. The operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown to management, and there can be no assurance that the current operating plan will be achieved in the timeframe anticipated by management or at all, and the Company may need to seek additional funds sooner than anticipated. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts and classification of liabilities that might result from potential unknown factors. Reclassifications The Company made certain reclassifications to prior period amounts in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes to conform to the current period presentation. The reclassification of these items had no impact on net loss, financial position or cash flows in the current or prior periods. Specifically, loss on divestiture was included in other noncash expense, net, as reported in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation and Principles of Consolidation The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP). The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All significant intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Cash Equivalents The Company considers currency on hand, demand deposits, time deposits, and all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase to be cash and cash equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents are held in various financial institutions in the United States. Short-Term Investments Available-for-Sale Securities The Company has available-for-sale securities with original maturities of more than three months from the date of purchase that are specifically identified to fund operations. The available-for-sale securities are classified as current assets even though the stated maturity date may be one year or beyond the current balance sheet date as this reflects management’s intention to use the proceeds from the sale of these investments to fund the Company’s operations as necessary. The available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value with unrealized gains and non-credit-related losses recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) and included as a separate component of stockholders’ equity. The cost of available-for-sale securities is adjusted for amortization of premiums or accretion of discounts to maturity, and such amortization or accretion, as well as dividend and interest income, are included in interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. Realized gains and losses from the sale of available-for-sale securities will be determined on a specific identification basis and included in interest income on the Company’s Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. Available-for-sale securities that are sold during the reporting period will not be remeasured prior to sale, resulting in a net presentation of changes in fair value. Held-to-Maturity Investments From time to time, the Company has invested in U.S. Treasury Bills in which it had the intent and ability to hold until the date of maturity. As such, these investments were carried at amortized cost and classified as held to maturity. At December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 , the Company had no held-to-maturity investments. F- 8 Table of Contents Allowance for Credit Losses For available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position, pursuant to Accounting Standards Update (ASU) 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments , the Company first assesses whether it intends to sell, or if it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell, the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding the intent or requirement to sell is met, the security’s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through earnings. For securities that do not meet the aforementioned criteria, the Company evaluates whether the decline in fair value has resulted from the credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, the Company considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes in interest rates, market conditions, changes to the underlying credit ratings and forecasted recovery, among other factors. If this assessment indicates a credit loss exists, the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security is compared to the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized costs basis, a credit loss exists and an allowance for credit losses is recorded, limited by the amount that the fair value is less than the amortized cost basis. The credit-related portion of unrealized losses and any subsequent improvements are recorded in interest income through an allowance account. Any impairment that has not been recorded through an allowance for credit losses is recognized in comprehensive loss in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss, as applicable. The Company elected the practical expedient to exclude the applicable accrued interest receivables from both the fair value and amortized cost basis of available-for-sale securities. Accrued interest receivable is recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Uncollectible accrued interest receivables associated with an impaired security are reversed against interest income upon identification of the impairment. Property and Equipment Property and equipment is capitalized and carried at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation expense is recorded to operating expenses. Normal maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. When any assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and accumulated depreciation are reversed with any resulting gain or loss being recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method over the following estimated useful lives (in years): Asset Minimum Maximum Buildings 40 Research and development equipment 3 to 7 Office equipment 2 to 10 Furniture and fixtures 2 to 10 Vehicles 5 to 10 Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life of the asset. Property and equipment that is acquired but not yet placed in service is recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets at cost, and no depreciation expense or accumulated depreciation is recognized until the property and equipment is placed in service. Management periodically reviews the net carrying value of all its long-lived assets on an asset-by-asset basis. An impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of a defined asset group is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. Although management has made its best estimate of the factors that affect the carrying value based on current conditions, it is reasonably possible that changes could occur which could adversely affect management’s estimate of net cash flows expected to be generated from its assets that could result in an impairment adjustment. F- 9 Table of Contents Prepaid Expenses and Other Assets Prepaid expenses and other assets, which include website development costs, trademarks, patents and licenses, are stated at cost, less accumulated amortization. For website development, costs incurred in the planning stage are expensed as incurred whereas costs associated with the application and infrastructure development, graphics development, and content development are capitalized. Amortization of website development costs is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated economic useful lives of the asset. Trademarks and patents include costs, primarily legal, incurred in obtaining them. Amortization of trademarks and patents is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated economic useful lives of the assets. Licenses include costs related to licenses pertaining to the use of technology or operational licenses. These licenses are recorded at stated cost, less accumulated amortization. Amortization of licenses is computed using the straight-line method over the estimated economic useful lives of the assets. The Company periodically reviews the carrying values of other assets and evaluates the recorded basis for any impairment. Any impairment is recognized when the expected future operating cash flows to be derived from the licenses are less than their carrying value. Fair Value Measurement When required to measure assets or liabilities at fair value, the Company uses a fair value hierarchy based on the level of independent, objective evidence surrounding the inputs used. The Company determines the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair value measurements in their entirety fall. The categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Level 1 uses quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities, Level 2 uses significant other observable inputs, and Level 3 uses significant unobservable inputs. The amount of the total gains or losses for the period is included in earnings that are attributable to the change in unrealized gains or losses relating to those assets and liabilities still held at the reporting date. The Company has no financial assets or liabilities that are adjusted to fair value on a recurring basis. Certain assets and liabilities, including net assets acquired in business combinations, are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis; that is, the assets or liabilities are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments only in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment or an acquisition of a business). The Company’s investments, which include cash equivalents and short-term investments, are measured and recorded at fair value on a recurring basis. The carrying amounts of financial instruments, which include short-term investments, prepaid expenses and other current assets, accounts payable and accrued expenses, note payable and equity method investment are considered to be representative of their respective fair value because of the short-term nature of most of the investments and because the instruments could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties. Comprehensive Loss Comprehensive loss is defined as the change in equity during a period from transactions and other events and circumstances from non-owner sources, including unrealized gains and losses on investments and foreign currency gains and losses. Share-Based Compensation The Company measures and recognizes expense for all share-based payments at fair value. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model to estimate fair value for all stock options and stock warrants on the date of grant. For stock options that vest over time, the Company recognizes compensation cost on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period for the entire award. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. Research and Development Costs Research and development costs, including salaries, research materials, administrative expenses and contractor fees, are charged to operations as incurred. The cost of equipment used in research and development activities which has alternative uses is capitalized as part of fixed assets and not treated as an expense in the period acquired. Depreciation of capitalized equipment used to perform research and development is classified as research and development expense in the year recognized. F- 10 Table of Contents Income Taxes Income taxes are accounted for under the liability method in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 740, Income Taxes . Under this method, the Company provides deferred income taxes for temporary differences that will result in taxable or deductible amounts in future years based on the reporting of certain costs in different periods for financial statement and income tax purposes. This method also requires the recognition of future tax benefits such as net operating loss carry-forwards, to the extent that realization of such benefits is not subject to an allowance. A valuation allowance is recognized on deferred tax assets when it is more likely than not that some or all of these deferred tax assets will not be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is recognized in operations in the period that includes the enactment of the change. In the event that the Company is assessed penalties and/or interest, penalties will be charged to other operating expense and interest will be charged to interest expense in the period that they are assessed. The Company recognizes liabilities for uncertain tax positions based on a two-step process, whereby (1) it is determined whether it is more likely than not that the tax positions will be sustained based on the technical merits of the position and (2) for those tax positions that meet the “more likely than not” recognition threshold, the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon ultimate settlement with the related tax authority would be recognized. Leases The Company accounts for its leases under ASC 842, Leases . Under this guidance, arrangements meeting the definition of a lease are classified as operating or financing leases and are recorded in the Consolidated Balance Sheets as both a right-of-use asset and lease liability, calculated by discounting fixed lease payments over the lease term at the rate implicit in the lease or the Company’s incremental borrowing rate. Lease liabilities are increased by interest and reduced by payments each period, and the right-of-use asset is amortized over the lease term. For operating leases, interest on the lease liability and the amortization of the right-of-use asset result in straight-line rent expense over the lease term. Variable lease expenses are recorded when incurred. In-Process Research and Development (IPR&D) IPR&D assets represent the fair value of incomplete research and development (R&D) projects that had not reached technological feasibility as of the date of the acquisition. Initially, these assets are classified as IPR&D and are not subject to amortization. IPR&D assets that reach commercialization are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life. Estimated useful lives are determined considering the period the assets are expected to contribute to future cash flows. Post-acquisition R&D expenses related to these projects are expensed as incurred. The Company tests indefinite-lived intangibles for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter by assessing qualitative factors to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the assets is below their carrying value. The Company will also test these assets more frequently whenever events or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value below the carrying amount. Such events or changes in circumstance include significant deterioration in overall economic conditions, changes in the business climate or a decline in our market capitalization. To test indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, the Company may perform both a qualitative assessment and quantitative assessment. For the qualitative assessment, the Company considers operating results and scientific data from clinical and preclinical studies as well as circumstances impacting the operations or cash flows of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible assets, including macroeconomic conditions and industry and market conditions. If a qualitative assessment indicates the fair value of the asset is more likely than not less than its carrying value, then a quantitative assessment is performed which is based on an income-based valuation approach for indefinite-lived intangible. If it is determined that an impairment exists, the Company recognizes an impairment loss for the amount by which the carrying amount of the reporting unit or indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its estimated fair value. Fair value estimates are based on assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time, but such assumptions are subject to inherent uncertainty, and actual results may differ materially from those estimates. The Company performed its annual qualitative IPR&D impairment analyses as of October 31, 2025, and determined it will no longer pursue further development of a preclinical asset within its IPR&D portfolio. For additional information regarding the IPR&D annual qualitative analysis, see Note 9, Intangible Assets and Other Assets, Net. F- 11 Table of Contents Grant Revenue Recognition The Company enters into contracts with governmental agencies for services. These contracts are analyzed in order to determine if they should be accounted for under a revenue recognition model pursuant to ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , or a grant model pursuant to ASC 958, Not-for-Profit Entities . If accounted for pursuant to a grant model, the Company must determine if the grant is conditional or unconditional, and if any conditional barriers exist which must be overcome. If unconditional, the grant is recognized as revenue immediately, and if conditional, the grant is recognized as revenue as and when the barriers are overcome. The Company concluded that payments received under the current grants represent conditional, nonreciprocal contributions, as described in ASC 958, and that the grants are not within the scope of ASC 606, as the organizations providing the grants do not meet the definition of a customer. The significant barrier to the current conditional grants is that the expenses incurred must meet the qualifications as established by the respective governmental agencies, so that the grant revenue is recognized as the qualified expenses are incurred. Expenses for grants are tracked using a project code specific to the grant, and the employees also track hours worked by using the project code. Under ASC 958, grants related to income are presented as part of the consolidated statements of operations, either separately or under a general heading. Both methods are acceptable under ASC 958. The Company has elected to record grants related to income separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss as “grant revenue.” The related expenses are recorded within R&D and general and administrative. Loss per Share Basic and diluted loss per share is calculated by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of shares of Common Stock outstanding and does not include the impact of any potentially dilutive common stock equivalents. In January 2024 and May 2024, the Company issued pre-funded warrants in connection with the Public Offering (as defined below) and the Registered Offering (as defined below), respectively (see Note 3, Investments and Agreements , in this Form 10-K). As the pre-funded warrants’ exercise price is nominal and there are no conditions that must be satisfied prior to their exercise, the pre-funded warrants are included in the calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share as of December 31, 2025. At each of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the calculation of diluted weighted average shares did not include common stock warrants or options that were potentially convertible into Common Stock as those would be antidilutive due to the Company’s net loss position. Securities not considered in the calculation of diluted loss per share, but that could be dilutive in the future, are as follows: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Common stock warrants 338,715 415,779 Common stock options 10,522,787 7,352,501 Total potential dilutive securities 10,861,502 7,768,280 Equity Method Investment Investments in companies for which the Company has the ability to exercise significant influence, but do not control, are accounted for under the equity method. Under the equity method of accounting, the Company’s share of the net earnings or losses of the investee are included in other income (expense) in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. At the end of each reporting period, the Company considers whether impairment indicators exist to evaluate whether an equity method investment is impaired and, if so, record an impairment loss. Investments are accounted for on a one-quarter lag. As changes in ownership percentage of the Company’s investments occur, the Company assesses whether it can exercise significant influence and account for under the equity method. If its ownership percentage of the company in which it has investment changes, the Company recognizes a gain or loss on the investment in the period of change. Included in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 is the Company’s proportional share of losses, which was de minimis. Use of Estimates The preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management of the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes of the Company including, but not limited to, the allowance for doubtful accounts receivable; the estimated useful lives used in calculating depreciation and amortization on the Company’s property and equipment, patents, trademarks and other assets; equity method investment; and inputs to the Black-Scholes calculation used in determining the expense related to share-based compensation including volatility and estimated lives of options granted. Accordingly, actual results could differ from those estimates and affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements. F- 12 Table of Contents Discontinued Operations The Company categorizes the assets and liabilities of a business component as discontinued operations once management commits to a plan to sell, the business segment is available for immediate sale, management has initiated a plan to sell at a price that is reasonable in relation to its fair value, management anticipates the sale will occur within one year, and it is unlikely that significant changes will be made to the plan to sell. In addition, the business component must be comprised of operations and cash flows that are clearly distinguished from the rest of the entity. The results of discontinued operations are aggregated and presented separately in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. Recently Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740) , which expands income tax disclosure requirements, including additional information pertaining to rate reconciliation, income taxes paid and other disclosures. This update is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company adopted ASU 2023-09 for the year ended December 31, 2025, and applied the new disclosure requirements prospectively to the current annual period. Prior period disclosures have not been adjusted to reflect the new disclosure requirements. Adoption of this ASU did not have a material impact on the financial statements and resulted only in expanded income tax disclosures. For additional information, see Note 14, Income Taxes . Accounting Standards Updates to Become Effective in Future Periods In July 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-05, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses for Accounts Receivable and Contract Assets , which allows all entities a practical expedient to assume that current conditions as of the balance sheet date do not change for the remaining life of the assets. This update is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2025, with early adoption permitted. Entities that elect the practical expedient should apply the guidance prospectively. The Company adopted ASU 2025-05 on January 1, 2026, and the adoption had no material impact on its consolidated financial statements. In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement-Reporting Comprehensive Income-Expense Disaggregation Disclosures , which requires companies to disclose disaggregated information about any relevant expense caption presented on the face of the income statement within continuing operations in the following required expense categories, as applicable: (1) purchases of inventory, (2) employee compensation, (3) depreciation, (4) intangible asset amortization and (5) depreciation, depletion and amortization recognized as part of oil- and gas-producing activities or other depletion expenses. This update will be effective beginning after December 15, 2026. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that adoption of ASU 2024-03 will have on its consolidated financial statements. In December 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-11, Interim Reporting (Topic 270): Narrow-Scope Improvements , which clarifies interim disclosure requirements and the applicability of Topic 270. This update will be effective beginning after December 15, 2027. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that adoption of ASU 2025-11 will have on its consolidated financial statements. Also in December 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-10, Government Grants (Topic 832): Accounting for Government Grants Received by Business Entities , which establishes authoritative guidance on the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure of government grants received by business entities. This update will be effective beginning after December 15, 2028, and interim reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that adoption of ASU 2025-10 will have on its consolidated financial statements. Significant Accounting Policies Related to Discontinued Operations Accounts Receivable Accounts receivable relate to the Company’s discontinued operations (see Note 4, Discontinued Operations ) and are stated at the amount that management of the Company expects to collect from outstanding balances. Management provides for probable uncollectible amounts through an allowance for doubtful accounts. Additions to the allowance for doubtful accounts are based on management’s judgment, considering historical experience with write-offs, collections and current credit conditions. Balances which remain outstanding after management has used reasonable collection efforts are written off through a charge to the allowance for doubtful accounts and a credit to the applicable accounts receivable. Payments received subsequent to the time that an account is written off are treated as bad debt recoveries. F- 13 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue based on the five-step model for revenue recognition as prescribed by ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , as follows: (1) identify the contract with the customer; (2) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (3) determine the transaction price; (4) allocate the prices to the performance obligations; and (5) recognize revenue. The Company has some agreements that contain general commercial terms and product prices but do not contain an obligation to provide goods to the customer. The Company’s performance obligation, which is established when the customer submits a purchase order and the Company accepts the order, is to deliver the product based on the purchase order received. The Company typically recognizes revenue at the time of shipment, at which time the title passes to the customer, and there are no further performance obligations. Asset Retirement Obligation The estimated fair value of the future retirement costs of the Company’s leased assets and the costs for the decontamination and reclamation of equipment located within the leased assets are recorded as a liability on a discounted basis when a contractual obligation exists; an equivalent amount is capitalized to property and equipment. The initial recorded obligation is discounted using the Company’s credit-adjusted risk-free rate and is reviewed periodically for changes in the estimated future costs underlying the obligation. The Company amortizes the initial amount capitalized to property and equipment and recognizes accretion expense in connection with the discounted liability over the estimated remaining useful life of the leased assets. Adjustments and changes to either the timing or amount of the original present value estimate underlying the obligation are made in the period incurred. 3. Investments and Agreements 2026 Registered Offering On February 2, 2026, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Piper Sandler & Co. and UBS Securities LLC, as representatives of the underwriters named therein, in connection with its previously announced underwritten offering (2026 Offering) of 39,576,088 shares (2026 Offering Shares) of the Company’s Common Stock, and, in lieu of 2026 Offering Shares to certain investors, pre-funded warrants (2026 Pre-funded Warrants) to purchase 6,598,046 shares of Common Stock. The price to the investors for the 2026 Offering Shares was $ 3.79 per 2026 Offering Share, and the price to the investors for the 2026 Pre-funded Warrants was $ 3.789 per 2026 Pre-funded Warrant, which represents the per share price for the 2026 Offering Shares less the $ 0.001 per share exercise price for each such 2026 Pre-funded Warrant. The 2026 Offering closed on February 3, 2026. The gross proceeds to the Company from the 2026 Offering were approximately $ 175.0 million, before underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering-related expenses. The exercise price and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each 2026 Pre-funded Warrant are subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the Common Stock as well as upon any distribution of assets, including cash, stock or other property, to the Company’s stockholders. The 2026 Pre-funded Warrants will not expire and are exercisable in cash or by means of a cashless exercise. A holder of the 2026 Pre-funded Warrants may not exercise such 2026 Pre-funded Warrants if the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such holder, together with its affiliates, would be more than 4.99 % or 9.99 %, as elected by such holder, of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock following such exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the 2026 Pre-funded Warrants. A holder of the 2026 Pre-funded Warrants may increase or decrease this percentage not in excess of 19.99 % by providing at least 61 days’ prior notice to the Company. The 2026 Offering was made pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279692), as amended, which was most recently declared effective on April 8, 2025, a related base prospectus dated April 8, 2025, and a free writing prospectus and prospectus supplement each dated February 2, 2026. 2024 At-the-Market (ATM) Agreement On August 13, 2024, the Company entered into a Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement (2024 ATM Agreement) with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC (each, an ATM Agent, and together, the ATM Agents) pursuant to which the Company from time to time may offer and sell shares (2024 ATM Shares) of its Common Stock, through or to the ATM Agents having an aggregate sales price of up to $ 250.0 million. F- 14 Table of Contents Subject to the terms and conditions of the 2024 ATM Agreement, each ATM Agent is required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to sell the ATM Shares from time to time, based upon the Company’s instructions. The Company has provided the ATM Agents with customary indemnification rights, and the ATM Agents will be entitled to a commission of up to 3.0 % of the gross proceeds from each sale of the ATM Shares effectuated through or to the applicable ATM Agent selling the ATM Shares. Sales of the 2024 ATM Shares under the 2024 ATM Agreement may be made in transactions that are deemed to be “at the market offerings” as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company has no obligation to sell any of the 2024 ATM Shares and may at any time suspend offers under the 2024 ATM Agreement or terminate the 2024 ATM Agreement. Any Common Stock sold under the 2024 ATM Agreement will be issued and sold pursuant to the Company’s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-279692) (the May 2024 Registration Statement), which initially became effective on May 24, 2024, and which was subsequently amended on March 26, 2025 and April 4, 2025, with Post-Effective Amendment #3 being declared effective by the SEC on April 8, 2025. On August 13, 2024, the Company initially filed a prospectus supplement to the May 2024 Registration Statement with the SEC in connection with the offer and sale of up to $ 250.0 million of the 2024 ATM Shares pursuant to the 2024 ATM Agreement. The Company re-filed the ATM prospectus supplement with each of the post-effective amendments to the May 2024 Registration Statement. On February 18, 2025, the Company sold 3,379,377 shares of its Common Stock under the 2024 ATM Agreement at an average price of approximately $ 3.02 per common share, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $ 10.2 million. May 2024 Registered Offering On May 24, 2024, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with BofA Securities, Inc., as representative of the underwriters named therein, in connection with its previously announced underwritten offering (Registered Offering) of 5,151,588 shares (Registered Offering Shares) of Common Stock and, in lieu of Registered Offering Shares to certain investors, pre-funded warrants (May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants) to purchase 146,425 shares of Common Stock. The price to the investors for the Registered Offering Shares was $ 15.10 per Registered Offering Share, and the price to the investors for the May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants was $ 15.09 per May 2024 Pre-funded Warrant, which represents the per share price for the Registered Offering Shares less the $ 0.01 per share exercise price for each such May 2024 Pre-funded Warrant. The Registered Offering closed on May 29, 2024. BofA Securities, Inc., Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC acted as joint book-running managers for the Registered Offering and B. Riley Securities, Inc. acted as a co-manager for the Registered Offering. JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC acted as a financial advisor for the Registered Offering. The gross proceeds to the Company from the Registered Offering were approximately $ 80.0 million, before underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering-related expenses. The May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants became exercisable subsequent to the filing and effectiveness of an amendment to the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 14, 2024. The exercise price and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each May 2024 Pre-funded Warrant were subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the Common Stock as well as upon any distribution of assets, including cash, stock or other property, to the Company’s stockholders. The May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants did not have an expiration date and were exercisable in cash or by means of a cashless exercise. A holder of the May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants could not exercise such May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants if the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such holder, together with its affiliates, would have been more than 4.99 % or 9.99 %, as elected by such holder, of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock following such exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants. A holder of the May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants could increase or decrease this percentage not in excess of 19.99 % by providing at least 61 days’ prior notice to the Company. The holders of the May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants exercised all of such warrants during the second quarter of 2025 by means of the cashless exercise provision and within the other constraints noted above. March 2024 Private Placement with Institutional Investors On March 4, 2024, the Company entered into an investment agreement (March 2024 Investment Agreement) with certain accredited institutional investors (Institutional Investors) pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a private placement (the March 2024 Private Placement), 9,200,998 shares of Common Stock, for a purchase price of $ 9.50 per share, representing the closing price of the Common Stock on March 1, 2024. The closing of the March 2024 Private Placement occurred on March 6, 2024. F- 15 Table of Contents The gross proceeds to the Company from the March 2024 Private Placement were approximately $ 87.4 million, before deducting fees payable to the Placement Agents (as defined below) and other estimated transaction expenses. The March 2024 Private Placement was conducted pursuant to a Placement Agency Agreement, dated March 4, 2024 (the Placement Agency Agreement), by and between the Company and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., as representative of the placement agents named therein (the Placement Agents). Per the Placement Agency Agreement, the Company agreed to: (i) pay the Placement Agents a cash fee equal to 5.85 % of the gross proceeds received by the Company from the sale of the shares; and (ii) reimburse the Placement Agents for certain fees and expenses. Lantheus Agreements Investment Agreement On January 8, 2024, the Company entered into an investment agreement (Lantheus Investment Agreement) with Lantheus Alpha Therapy, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Lantheus Holdings, Inc. (Lantheus), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and issue to Lantheus in a private placement transaction certain shares (Lantheus Shares) of Common Stock. The closing of the purchase and sale of the Lantheus Shares to Lantheus by the Company (Lantheus Closing) was subject to the Company raising at least $ 50.0 million of gross proceeds (excluding Lantheus’ investment) in a qualifying third-party financing transaction, which occurred on January 22, 2024. The number of Lantheus Shares sold was 5,634,235 , representing 19.99 % of the outstanding shares of Common Stock as of January 8, 2024. Pursuant to the Lantheus Investment Agreement, the Company agreed to cooperate in good faith to negotiate and enter into a registration rights agreement with Lantheus, obligating the Company to file a registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC to register for resale the Lantheus Shares issued at the Lantheus Closing. The Company filed such Form S-3 on March 29, 2024, and the SEC declared it effective on April 9, 2024 (File No. 333-278362). The Lantheus Investment Agreement also contains agreements of the Company and Lantheus whereby Lantheus is provided certain board observer and information rights of the Company, subject to certain exceptions. The Lantheus Investment Agreement also provides Lantheus with certain pro rata participation rights to maintain its ownership position in the Company in the event that the Company makes any public or non-public offering of any equity or voting interests in the Company or any securities that are convertible or exchangeable into (or exercisable for) equity or voting interests in the Company, subject to certain exceptions. Pursuant to the Lantheus Investment Agreement, the Company is required to notify Lantheus within 10 business days of the end of a fiscal quarter in which the Company issued shares of Common Stock pursuant to at-the-market programs, including the 2024 ATM Agreement, of (i) the number of shares of Common Stock issued during such fiscal quarter pursuant to the 2024 ATM Agreement and (ii) the average price per share received by the Company before commissions (ATM Average Price). Upon receipt of such notice, Lantheus may elect, at its option, to purchase all or a portion of its Pro Rata Portion (as defined in the Lantheus Investment Agreement) of such shares at an aggregate price equal to the number of shares purchased multiplied by the ATM Average Price for such quarter (ATM Participation Right). Pursuant to the Lantheus Investment Agreement, Lantheus may not exercise the ATM Participation Right more than two times per calendar year. Asset Purchase Agreement On January 8, 2024, the Company entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (Progenics APA) with Progenics Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (Progenics) and affiliate of Lantheus, pursuant to which the Company acquired certain assets and the associated lease of Progenics’ radiopharmaceutical manufacturing facility in Somerset, NJ, for a purchase price of $ 8.0 million in cash. The transactions contemplated by the Progenics APA closed on March 1, 2024. Option Agreement On January 8, 2024, the Company entered into an option agreement (Option Agreement) with Lantheus whereby Lantheus was granted an exclusive option to negotiate an exclusive, worldwide, royalty- and milestone-bearing right and license to [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET, the Company’s clinical-stage alpha therapy developed for the treatment of neuroendocrine tumors. If good-faith negotiations fail, Lantheus has a one-year right to reenter negotiations if a third party offers to purchase or license the [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET program. Additionally, Lantheus has a right to co-fund the Investigational New Drug (IND) application, enabling studies for early-stage therapeutic candidates targeting prostate-specific membrane antigen and gastrin-releasing peptide receptor and, prior to IND filing, a right to negotiate for an exclusive license to such candidates. In consideration of the rights granted by the Company to Lantheus pursuant to the Option Agreement, Lantheus paid to the Company a one-time payment of $ 28.0 million, subject to certain withholding provisions associated with the closing of the Progenics APA. F- 16 Table of Contents Under the terms of the Option Agreement, Lantheus also had a right of first offer and last look protections for any third-party merger and acquisition transactions involving the Company for a 12-month period, which expired on January 8, 2025. The Company determined that the Option Agreement should be accounted for as a research and development arrangement in accordance with ASC 730-20, Research and Development Arrangements , as Lantheus held approximately 19.9 % of the Company’s outstanding Common Stock at March 31, 2024. The Option Agreement contains no repayment provisions, does not create any obligation to enter into any license, transfer or sale agreements with Lantheus, and does not restrict the use of the funds in any way. Accordingly, the Consolidated Balance Sheets report current and long-term liabilities related to these options under the caption, “Deferred Income.” The values for each distinct option within the Option Agreement were determined by estimating the fair value of each distinct option by a third-party valuation firm and the liabilities will be recognized as income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss as the various options expire. In connection with the January 8, 2025 expiration of the right of first offer and last look provisions provided under the Option Agreement, the Company recognized $ 1.4 million in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss as “Other income from a related party.” January 2024 Public Offering On January 17, 2024, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement (Underwriting Agreement) with Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., as representative of the underwriters named therein (Underwriters), in connection with its previously announced underwritten public offering (Public Offering) of 13,207,521 shares (Public Shares) of Common Stock and, in lieu of Public Shares to certain investors, pre-funded warrants (Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants) to purchase 3,008,694 shares of Common Stock. The price to the public for the Public Shares was $ 3.70 per Public Share, and the price to the public for the Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants was $ 3.69 per Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrant, which represents the per share price for the Public Shares less the $ 0.01 per share exercise price for each such Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrant. Under the terms of the Underwriting Agreement, the Company granted the Underwriters an option, exercisable for 30 days, to purchase up to an additional 2,432,432 shares of Common Stock at the same price per share as the Public Shares, which was fully exercised by the Underwriters on January 18, 2024. The Public Offering closed on January 22, 2024. The gross proceeds to the Company from the Public Offering were approximately $ 69.0 million, before underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering-related expenses. The Public Offering was made pursuant to the Company’s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-275638), declared effective by the SEC on December 14, 2023, a base prospectus dated December 14, 2023, and the related prospectus supplement dated January 17, 2024. The Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants were exercisable at any time after the date of issuance. The exercise price and the number of shares of Common Stock issuable upon exercise of each Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrant were subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of certain stock dividends and distributions, stock splits, stock combinations, reclassifications or similar events affecting the Common Stock as well as upon any distribution of assets, including cash, stock or other property, to the Company’s stockholders. The Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants did not have an expiration date and were exercisable in cash or by means of a cashless exercise. A holder of Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants could not exercise such Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants if the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such holder, together with its affiliates, would have been more than 4.99 % of the issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock following such exercise, as such percentage ownership is determined in accordance with the terms of the Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants. A holder of Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants could increase or decrease this percentage not in excess of 19.99 % by providing at least 61 days’ prior notice to the Company. The holder of the Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants exercised all such warrants during the fourth quarter of 2024 by means of the cashless exercise provision and within the other constraints noted above. 2023 ATM Agreement The Company entered into an ATM Issuance Sales Agreement, dated as of November 17, 2023, by and among the Company, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., B. Riley Securities, Inc. and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC, to create an ATM equity program under which it may offer and sell shares of its Common Stock, from time to time (2023 ATM Agreement). On November 17, 2023, the Company filed a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 with the SEC (File No. 333-275638) and accompanying base prospectus, declared effective by the SEC on December 14, 2023, for the offer and sale of up to $ 200.0 million of its securities (December 2023 Registration Statement). Also on November 17, 2023, the Company filed a prospectus supplement with the SEC in connection with the offering of up to $ 50.0 million of shares of its Common Stock pursuant to the 2023 ATM Agreement under the December 2023 Registration Statement. F- 17 Table of Contents On April 11, 2024, the Company sold 3,535,246 shares of its Common Stock under the 2023 ATM Agreement at an average price of approximately $ 14.00 per common share, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $ 49.5 million. On May 25, 2024, the Company terminated the offering of securities pursuant to the December 2023 Registration Statement in connection with the filing and effectiveness of the May 2024 Registration Statement. On August 7, 2024, the Company delivered written notice to Oppenheimer & Co., Inc., B. Riley Securities, Inc. and JonesTrading Institutional Services LLC that it was terminating the 2023 ATM Agreement, which termination became effective August 12, 2024. 4. Discontinued Operations The GT Medical Closing occurred on April 12, 2024 (GT Medical Closing Date). Previously, the Company announced that on December 7, 2023, Isoray entered into an Asset Purchase Agreement (GT Medical APA) by and among Isoray, the Company, and GT Medical pursuant to which Isoray would sell to GT Medical, and GT Medical would purchase from Isoray, all of Isoray’s right, title and interest in and to substantially all of the assets of Isoray related to Isoray’s commercial Cesium-131 business (the Business) including equipment, certain contracts, inventory and intellectual property. Subject to limited exceptions set forth in the GT Medical APA, GT Medical did not assume the liabilities of Isoray. Pursuant to the terms of, and subject to the conditions specified in, the GT Medical APA, at the GT Medical Closing, (i) GT Medical issued to Isoray 279,516 shares of GT Medical’s common stock, par value $ 0.0001 per share, representing 0.5 % of GT Medical’s issued and outstanding capital stock on a fully diluted basis as of the GT Medical Closing Date and (ii) Isoray has the right to receive, and GT Medical is obligated to pay, certain cash royalty payments during each of the first four years beginning upon the GT Medical Closing Date (each such year, a Measurement Period), as summarized below: • with respect to GT Medical’s net sales of Cesium-131 brachytherapy seeds for cases that do not utilize GT Medical’s GammaTile Therapy: (a) if such net sales for a Measurement Period are $10.0 million or less, 3.0 % of such net sales; (b) if such net sales for a Measurement Period are greater than $10.0 million and less than $15.0 million, 4.0 % of such net sales; and (c) if such net sales for a Measurement Period are $15.0 million or more, 5.0 % of such net sales; and • with respect to GT Medical’s net sales of GT Medical’s GammaTile Therapy utilizing Cesium-131 brachytherapy seeds: 0.5 % of such net sales for a Measurement Period. In accordance with ASC 205-20, Presentation of Financial Statements – Discontinued Operations , the following table presents the components of discontinued operations in relation to the Business reported in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Sales, net $ - $ 2,178 Cost of sales ( 332 ) 1,564 Gross profit 332 614 Operating expenses: Research and development - 69 Sales and marketing - 941 General and administrative - 494 (Gain) loss recognized on assets held for sale ( 182 ) 59 Total operating expenses ( 182 ) 1,563 Total gain (loss) from discontinued operations $ 514 $ ( 949 ) F- 18 Table of Contents The Company recognized a loss on classification as held for sale in December 2023 by identifying the assets and liabilities that were included in the GT Medical APA. Additionally, the loss recognized on classification as held for sale was determined using the estimated fair value of the GT Medical stock of $ 0.2 million received less the carrying value of the net assets sold. The fair value of the stock received was determined based on information provided to the Company by GT Medical from a current valuation study that was prepared for them. Excluded from the calculation of the loss are contingent royalties that could be received from future sales. As of March 31, 2025, the GT Medical stock was valued at $ 0.2 million based on an updated valuation report prepared for GT Medical. During the second quarter of 2025, the Company recognized $ 0.2 million in royalties received pursuant to the GT Medical APA for the period from April 2024 to April 2025. In addition, during the second quarter of 2025, the Company reduced its reserve for environmental waste disposal by $ 0.3 million based on an estimate received from the hazardous waste disposal vendor. There is $ 0.2 million of share-based compensation expense included in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows related to the discontinued operations for the year ended December 31, 2024. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 , there was no provision (benefit) for income taxes recorded related to the discontinued operations. Additionally, the Company is in a loss position and has recorded a full valuation allowance for the deferred tax assets associated with the discontinued operations. 5. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets Prepaid expenses and other current assets consisted of the following (in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Interest receivable $ 1,023 $ 880 Prepaid research and development expenses 1,041 813 Prepaid insurance 491 474 Prepaid service contracts 326 422 Other prepaid expenses 720 971 Other receivables 10 487 Other current assets 35 81 Total prepaid expenses and other current assets $ 3,646 $ 4,128 6. Property and Equipment In 2024, the Company purchased buildings in the metropolitan areas of Houston, TX, Chicago, IL, and Los Angeles, CA, which it int ends to use for the manufacture of its product candidates upon completion of modifications and installation of equipment. Also in 2024, the Company entered into a Master Equipment and Services Agreement (MESA) and statements of work (SOWs) thereunder with Comecer SpA (Comecer), pursuant to which the Company agreed to purchase from Comecer manufacturing equipment for the production of the Company’s radiopharmaceutical products including, but not limited to, isotope processing hot cells and production suites and related equipment (collectively, the Deliverables) and services for installation and validation of the Deliverables at several of the Company’s production facilities in the United States. The aggregate consideration for such equipment and services pursuant to the MESA and SOWs is approximately € 49.0 million payable in cash, excluding certain incidental costs such as taxes, customs and duties, local transport, insurance and rigging. The Company may also elect to purchase certain additional equipment and services pursuant to the SOWs. The MESA provides for the payment of certain amounts in installments over the course of the production, installation and validation of the Deliverables. In October 2025, the Company entered into an agreement with a general contractor to begin building modifications at the Company’s facility in the Chicago, IL, metropolitan area along with preparations for the eventual installation of some of the Comecer manufacturing equipment and associated clean rooms. The Company currently estimates that the aggregate cost of these modifications will be approximately $ 27.5 million. However, actual costs may differ. F- 19 Table of Contents The Company’s property and equipment consisted of the following (in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Building $ 1,770 $ 1,770 Land 917 917 Equipment 15,457 11,423 Leasehold improvements 3,864 3,570 Construction in progress 1 60,793 42,601 Property and equipment 82,801 60,281 Less accumulated depreciation ( 6,204 ) ( 2,960 ) Property and equipment, net $ 76,597 $ 57,321 1. Property and equipment not placed in service are items that meet the capitalization threshold, or which management believes will meet the threshold at the time of completion and which have yet to be placed into service as of the date of the balance sheets and, therefore, no depreciation expense has been recognized. 7. Available-for-Sale Securities Available-for-sale securities consisted of U.S. Treasury Securities, U.S. Agency bonds, commercial paper, corporate debt securities and asset-backed securities. The Company’s cash equivalents consisted of the following (in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Cash equivalents Money market fund $ 24,134 $ 46,079 Commercial paper 2,488 - Securities of U.S. government and government agencies - 3,978 Corporate debt securities 826 9,663 Total cash equivalents $ 27,448 $ 59,720 The Company’s available-for-sale securities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis consisted of the following (in thousands): December 31, 2025 Maturities Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Available-for-sale securities Securities of U.S. government and government agencies Within one year $ 29,973 $ 37 $ - $ 30,010 Commercial paper Within one year 19,484 15 - 19,499 Certificates of deposit Within one year 1,720 1 - 1,721 Corporate debt securities Within one year 56,909 52 ( 1 ) 56,960 Asset-backed securities Within four years 5,914 7 ( 3 ) 5,918 Total available-for-sale securities $ 114,000 $ 112 $ ( 4 ) $ 114,108 December 31, 2024 Maturities Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Available-for-sale securities Securities of U.S. government and government agencies Within two years $ 51,500 $ 13 $ ( 13 ) $ 51,500 Commercial paper Within one year 44,480 7 ( 14 ) 44,473 Corporate debt securities Within one year 64,615 1 ( 46 ) 64,570 Asset-backed securities Within four years 4,792 1 - 4,793 Total available-for-sale securities $ 165,387 $ 22 $ ( 73 ) $ 165,336 F- 20 Table of Contents The Company’s available-for-sale securities are classified as current assets, even though the stated maturity date may be one year or more beyond the current balance sheet date, which reflects management’s intention to use the proceeds from sales of these securities to fund operations as needed. At December 31, 2025 , there were 10 available-for-sale securities with a fair value of $ 6.0 million that were in a gross unrealized loss position for less than 12 months, and none with that were in a gross unrealized loss position for 12 months or more. The Company determined it is not “more likely than not” that it will be required to sell these securities prior to recovery of their amortized cost basis. As such, the Company did no t record a credit allowance as of either December 31, 2025 or 2024 . Accrued interest receivable on the Company’s available-for-sale securities was de minimis and $ 0.2 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 , the Company did no t write off any accrued interest receivables, and there were no realized gains or losses. 8. Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. As a basis for considering such assumptions, the accounting guidance establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value as follows: Level 1 - Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; Level 2 - Inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities, quoted prices in markets with insufficient volume or infrequent transactions (less active markets), or model-driven valuations in which all significant inputs are observable or can be derived principally from, or corroborated with, observable market data; and Level 3 - Unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. Below is the summary of our cash equivalents and short-term investments measured at fair value on a recurring basis and categorized using the fair value hierarchy (in thousands): December 31, 2025 Level 1 Level 2 Total Cash equivalents Money market fund $ 24,134 $ - $ 24,134 Commercial paper - 2,488 2,488 Corporate debt securities - 826 826 Total cash equivalents 24,134 3,314 27,448 Available-for-sale securities Securities of U.S. government and government agencies - 30,010 30,010 Commercial paper - 19,499 19,499 Certificates of deposit - 1,721 1,721 Corporate debt securities - 56,960 56,960 Asset-backed securities - 5,918 5,918 Total available-for-sale securities - 114,108 114,108 Total cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities $ 24,134 $ 117,422 $ 141,556 F- 21 Table of Contents December 31, 2024 Level 1 Level 2 Total Cash equivalents Money market fund $ 46,079 $ - $ 46,079 Corporate debt securities - 9,663 9,663 Securities of U.S. government and government agencies - 3,978 3,978 Total cash equivalents 46,079 13,641 59,720 Available-for-sale securities Securities of U.S. government and government agencies - 51,500 51,500 Commercial paper - 44,473 44,473 Corporate debt securities - 64,570 64,570 Asset-backed securities - 4,793 4,793 Total available-for-sale securities - 165,336 165,336 Total cash equivalents and available-for-sale securities $ 46,079 $ 178,977 $ 225,056 There were no Level 3 financial instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. For information related to the Company’s short-term investments, see Note 7, Available-for-Sale Securities . 9. Intangible Assets and Other Assets, Net Intangible Assets The Company’s IPR&D assets represent the estimated fair value of the pipeline of radiotherapy product candidates acquired from Viewpoint in February 2023. During the fourth quarter of 2025 , as part of its annual qualitative analysis, the Company determined it will no longer pursue further development of an early-stage preclinical asset within its IPR&D portfolio. In connection with and as a result of this assessment, the Company recorded a $ 10.0 million noncash impairment loss for the three months ended December 31, 2025, which is recognized in “ research and development ” operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. No IPR&D impairment loss was recorded in 2024. The following table summarizes the components of the Company’s indefinite-lived intangible assets (in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Cost Impairment Net Carrying Value Cost Impairment Net Carrying Value Indefinite-lived intangible assets In-process research and development $ 50,000 $ ( 10,000 ) $ 40,000 $ 50,000 $ - $ 50,000 Total $ 50,000 $ ( 10,000 ) $ 40,000 $ 50,000 $ - $ 50,000 For additional information related to IPR&D, see Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . As a result of a decline in the Company’s stock price and related market capitalization in November 2024 that continued into December 2024, the Company performed a quantitative impairment assessment of its goodwill. The goodwill was determined to be fully impaired as of December 31, 2024, and the Company recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $ 24.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. This impairment charge reduced the balance of goodwill to $ 0 at December 31, 2024. F- 22 Table of Contents Other Assets Other assets, net of accumulated amortization consisted of the following (in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Website development $ 90 $ 90 Interest in GT Medical 151 196 Security deposits 207 72 Total other assets 448 358 Less: Accumulated amortization ( 86 ) ( 79 ) 362 279 Equity method investment 1 124 126 Total other assets, net $ 486 $ 405 1. On August 23, 2022, the Company acquired 20 % of the outstanding equity interests of RadRelease Pharmaceuticals LLC (RadRelease), an Indiana limited liability company, pursuant to a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement (MIPA), dated August 23, 2022, by and among RadRelease and the Company. Pursuant to the MIPA, the Company paid RadRelease approximately $ 0.2 million in cash consideration. The investment is recorded on a one-quarter lag. Included in the consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 is the Company’s proportional share of losses, which was de minimis. Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Amortization expense on website development $ 7 $ 7 Total amortization expense $ 7 $ 7 Future amortization expense is expected to be as follows (in thousands): Year ending December 31, 2026 $ 4 Total future amortization expense $ 4 10. Leases The Company accounts for its leases under ASC 842, Leases. Effective April 1, 2024, the Company entered into a lease for lab space in Coralville, IA. The lease terminates in March 2028. Upon entering into this lease, the Company recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately $ 1.1 million in the Consolidated Balance Sheet based upon the present value of the future lease payments discounted at an 8 % discount rate using the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment as the lease does not provide an implicit discount rate. In November 2025, the Company entered into a lease agreement for office space, also in Coralville, IA, that terminates in November 2028. Upon entering into this lease, the Company recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately $ 0.2 million in the Consolidated Balance Sheet based upon the present value of future lease payments discounted at an 8 % discount rate using the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment as the lease does not provide an implicit discount rate. The Company acquired a lease from Progenics, an affiliate of Lantheus, for a production facility in Somerset, NJ, effective on March 1, 2024 (see Note 3, Investments and Agreements , in this Form 10-K). The lease terminates on November 29, 2028. Upon entering into this lease, the Company recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately $ 0.3 million in the Consolidated Balance Sheet based upon the present value of the future lease payments discounted at an 8 % discount rate using the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment as the lease does not provide an implicit discount rate. On August 8, 2024, the Company assumed a lease from Progenics for office space in Somerset, NJ (Office). The lease terminates on November 30, 2028. Upon entering into this lease, the Company recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately $ 0.6 million in the Consolidated Balance Sheet based upon the present value of the future lease payments discounted at an 8 % discount rate using the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment as the lease does not provide an implicit discount rate. F- 23 Table of Contents Upon assuming the lease, the Company entered into a license and access agreement with Lantheus, which provides access to both dedicated and shared space of the Office (Access Agreement). There is no renewal option, and the termination options are available only for material breaches. In consideration of the Access Agreement, Lantheus agreed to pay base rent and associated costs through December 2024 directly to the landlord. The base rent through December 2024 was less than $ 0.1 million (Prepaid Rent). Pursuant to ASC 842, Leases , the Access Agreement is a sublease in which the Company is a sublessor and Lantheus is a sublessee. The Company will amortize the Prepaid Rent over the entire lease term of 52 months. On July 1, 2023, the Company entered into a lease for office space in Seattle, WA, that terminates in October 2028. Upon entering into this lease, the Company recognized a right-of-use asset and lease liability of approximately $ 0.8 million in the Consolidated Balance Sheet based upon the present value of the future lease payments discounted at an 8 % discount rate using the rate of interest that the Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment as the lease does not provide an implicit discount rate. The weighted average remaining term and discount rate for the Company’s operating leases as of December 31, 2025 was 2.6 years and 8 %, respectively. The Company’s operating lease expense was $1 .1 million for the year ended December 31, 2025 and $ 0.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, and is recognized in “general and administrative” operating expenses in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss. The following table presents the future operating lease payments and lease liability included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet related to the Company’s operating leases as of December 31, 2025 (in thousands): Year ending December 31, 2026 $ 725 2027 569 2028 514 Total 1,808 Less: imputed interest ( 180 ) Total lease liability 1,628 Less: current portion ( 623 ) Noncurrent lease liability $ 1,005 Asset Retirement Obligation The Company had an asset retirement obligation (ARO) associated with the facility it leased in Richland, WA. This lease is included in the GT Medical APA and was assigned to GT Medical upon the GT Medical Closing, which occurred on April 12, 2024. As such, this liability is no longer reported as an ARO in the Company’s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 . However, the Company maintains the estimated liability in its consolidated financial statements related to hazardous waste removal. During the second quarter of 2025, the Company reduced this reserve by $ 0.3 million based on an estimate received from the hazardous waste disposal vendor. Accordingly, the estimated liability was $ 0.2 million and $ 0.5 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and is included within “accounts payable and accrued expenses” in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. For additional information, see Note 4, Discontinued Operations , in this Form 10-K. 11. Note Payable On December 29, 2022, Viewpoint obtained a promissory note in the amount of $ 1.7 million for the purpose of purchasing land and a building in Coralville, IA. The note bears interest at 6.15 % per annum and is collateralized by the property. The note requires monthly principal and interest payments, and a balloon payment of approximately $ 1.5 million is due on December 29, 2027. F- 24 Table of Contents The following table presents the current and long-term portions of the note payable (in thousands): December 31, December 31, 2025 2024 Note payable $ 1,625 $ 1,677 Less: current portion ( 56 ) ( 52 ) Note payable, long-term portion $ 1,569 $ 1,625 The following table presents the future principal payments included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet related to the Company’s note payable as of December 31, 2025 (in thousands): Year ending December 31: 2026 $ 56 2027 1,569 Total $ 1,625 F- 25 Table of Contents 12. Share-Based Compensation The Company currently provides share-based compensation under two equity incentive plans approved by the Board of Directors and the stockholders: • 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (2017 Incentive Plan) and • 2020 Third Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (Amended and Restated Plan). Options granted prior to fiscal 2017 were made pursuant to plans that have expired or were terminated. The Company’s stockholders approved the 2017 Incentive Plan in June 2017. The 2017 Incentive Plan allows the Board of Directors to grant up to 4,000,000 shares of common stock to directors, officers, employees and consultants in a combination of equity incentive forms including incentive stock options (ISOs), non-qualified stock options (NQSOs), stock appreciation rights (SARs) or restricted shares of common stock. On May 31, 2024, the Company held its 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (Annual Meeting). At the Annual Meeting, the Company’s stockholders approved the Company’s Third Amended and Restated 2020 Equity Incentive Plan (the Amended and Restated Plan) which, among other things, (a) increased the aggregate number of shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the Amended and Restated Plan by 4,870,092 for a total of 12,500,000 shares of Common Stock, and (b) adjusted the “evergreen” provision included therein, such that the number of shares of Common Stock available for the grant of awards under the Amended and Restated Plan will automatically increase on January 1 of each year in an amount equal to 5 % of the number of shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding on December 31 of the immediately preceding year (subject to adjustment in the event of stock splits and other similar events); provided, however, that the Company’s Board of Directors may act prior to January 1 of a given year to provide that there will be no increase in the share limit for such year or provide that the increase for such year will be a lesser number of shares of Common Stock. Under the Amended and Restated Plan, the Board of Directors may grant to directors, officers, employees and consultants various forms of equity, including ISOs, NQSOs, SARS, and restricted awards. On August 14, 2024, the Company filed a Form S-8 to register 4,870,092 additional shares of Common Stock authorized for issuance under the Amended and Restated Plan as approved by stockholders at the Annual Meeting. On January 1, 2026 and January 1, 2025, the number of shares of Common Stock available for grant increased by 3,716,899 and 3,533,573 , respectively, pursuant to the “evergreen” provision in the Amended and Restated Plan. The Company filed a Form S-8 to register the January 1, 2025 additional shares on March 26, 2025. The Black-Scholes option valuation model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options which have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable. In addition, option valuation models require the input of highly subjective assumptions, including the expected stock price volatility. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model because management believes the model is appropriate for the Company. However, management understands that because changes in the subjective input assumptions can materially affect the fair value estimate, this valuation model does not necessarily provide a reliable single measure of the fair value of its stock options. The weighted-average fair value is that of the grant dates of the awards. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury security rate with an equivalent term in effect as of the date of grant. The expected term and expected volatility assumptions are based on historical data of the Company. The expected dividend yield of zero reflects that the Company has no t paid cash dividends and does not intend to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The weighted-average fair value of stock option awards granted and the key assumptions used in the Black-Scholes valuation model to calculate the fair value are as follows: Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Weighted-average fair value $ 2.81 $ 9.11 Options issued 4,111,920 2,994,875 Exercise price $ 1.80 to $ 4.83 $ 3.48 to $ 15.77 Expected term (in years) 5.3 to 6.1 5.5 to 7.0 Expected dividend yield - - - - Risk-free rate 3.68 % to 4.47 % 3.46 % to 4.45 % Expected volatility 102.04 % to 107.34 % 97.37 % to 106.12 % F- 26 Table of Contents The following table presents the share-based compensation expense recognized for all share-based compensation arrangements, excluding share-based compensation expense reported in Note 4, Discontinued Operations (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Research and development expense $ 3,945 $ 2,209 General and administrative expense 5,021 3,012 Total share-based compensation $ 8,966 $ 5,221 The total value of the stock options awards is expensed ratably over the vesting period applicable to the options. As of December 31, 2025, total unrecognized compensation cost related to stock-based options and awards was approximately $ 21.3 million, and the weighted-average period over which it is expected to be recognized is approximately 2.65 years. The summary of stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2025 is as follows: Weighted-Average Weighted-Average Number of Exercise Price Remaining Contractual Aggregate Intrinsic Options per Share Term (years) Value Balance at December 31, 2024 7,352,501 $ 6.07 7.84 $ 3,818,602 Granted 1 4,111,920 2.81 Exercised ( 141,297 ) 2.62 Expired ( 67,760 ) 7.61 Forfeited ( 732,577 ) 4.76 Balance at December 31, 2025 10,522,787 $ 4.92 7.79 $ 3,264,955 Exercisable at December 31, 2025 5,439,089 $ 4.41 6.66 $ 2,571,335 1. All options granted had exercise prices equal to the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the grant date. The options were granted to employees, consultants and members of the Board of Directors and have a term of 10 years and generally vest over a four-year period. Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Total intrinsic value of options exercised $ 71,188 $ 1,994,730 The Company’s current policy is to issue new shares to satisfy option exercises. 13. Stockholders’ Equity Preferred Stock The Company’s Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 7,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock with such rights and preferences, including liquidation, dividend, conversion and voting rights as determined by the Board. As of December 31, 2025 , the Company has 5,000,000 designated Series B shares authorized of which no shares are issued or outstanding. Common Stock The Company's Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 750,000,000 shares of Common Stock, par value $ 0.001 per share. On June 14, 2024, the Company effected a Reverse Split of the Company’s issued and outstanding shares of Common Stock, and the Common Stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis on June 17, 2024. The Reverse Split did not reduce the total number of authorized shares of Common Stock or the Company’s Preferred Stock or change the par values of the Common Stock or Preferred Stock. For additional information regarding the Reverse Split, see Note 1, Description of Business . F- 27 Table of Contents As discussed in Note 3, Investments and Agreements , o n February 2, 2026, the Company entered into an underwriting agreement with Piper Sandler & Co. and UBS Securities LLC, as representatives of the underwriters named therein, in connection with its 2026 Offering of 39,576,088 shares of the Company’s Common Stock, and, in lieu of 2026 Offering Shares to certain investors, 2026 Pre-funded Warrants to purchase 6,598,046 shares of Common Stock, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $ 175.0 million. On August 13, 2024, the Company entered into the 2024 ATM Agreement with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. and RBC Capital Markets, LLC, pursuant to which the Company, from time to time, may offer and sell shares of its Common Stock. On February 18, 2025, the Company sold 3,379,377 shares of its Common Stock under the 2024 ATM Agreement at an average price of approximately $ 3.02 per common share, resulting in gross proceeds of approximately $ 10.2 million. For additional information regarding the 2024 ATM Agreement, see Note 3, Investments and Agreements. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company entered into various agreements and raised approximately $ 306.7 million in gross proceeds. For additional information regarding these agreements, including the 2024 ATM Agreement, see Note 3, Investments and Agreements . Warrants The following table summarizes the activity of all common stock warrants and weighted-average exercise prices. Common Stock Warrants Weighted-Average Exercise Price Balance at December 31, 2023 576,063 $ 4.40 Warrants issued - - Warrants exercised ( 22,787 ) 5.70 Warrants expired ( 137,500 ) 7.50 Adjustment based on recalculation of warrants outstanding after Reverse Split (Note 1) 3 3.26 Balance at December 31, 2024 415,779 $ 3.26 Warrants issued - - Warrants exercised - - Warrants expired ( 77,064 ) 5.70 Balance at December 31, 2025 338,715 $ 2.70 As of December 31, 2025 , the Company had 184,197 common warrants outstanding and exercisable on or before November 24, 2027, 89,804 common warrants outstanding and exercisable on or before December 18, 2027, and 64,714 common warrants outstanding and exercisable on or before December 31, 2027. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company issued Pre-funded Warrants in connection with the January 2024 Public Offering and the May 2024 Registered Offering. In 2024, all of the Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants were exercised on a cashless basis; therefore, 7,703 of the Jan. 2024 Pre-funded Warrants were not issued and expired as part of the cashless exercise. During the second quarter of 2025, all of the May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants were exercised on a cashless basis; therefore, 573 of the May 2024 Pre-funded Warrants were not issued and expired as part of the cashless exercise. For additional information related to these transactions, see Note 3, Investments and Agreements . The following table summarizes the activity of all Pre-funded Warrants, which automatically expire upon exercise, and weighted-average exercise prices. Pre-funded Warrants Weighted-Average Exercise Price Balance at December 31, 2024 146,425 $ 0.01 Issuance of Pre-funded Warrants - 0 Exercise of Pre-funded Warrants ( 146,425 ) 0.01 Balance at December 31, 2025 - $ - F- 28 Table of Contents 14. Income Taxes The components of loss before income taxes by U.S. and foreign jurisdictions are as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Loss before income tax: United States $ ( 104,428 ) $ ( 79,989 ) Foreign - ( 438 ) Total $ ( 104,428 ) $ ( 80,427 ) The expense (benefit) for income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Current expense (benefit): Federal $ - $ - State - - Foreign - - Total current expense (benefit) - - Deferred benefit: Federal ( 420 ) - State ( 373 ) ( 2,097 ) Foreign - - Total deferred income tax benefit: ( 793 ) ( 2,097 ) Total income tax benefit: $ ( 793 ) $ ( 2,097 ) As further described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, the Company has elected to prospectively adopt the guidance in Topic 740. The following table is a reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate to the Company’s effective rate for the year ended December 31, 2025 in accordance with the guidance in ASU No. 2023-09 (in thousands): December 31, 2025 Income tax at U.S. statutory rate $ ( 21,930 ) 21.1 % State income taxes, net of federal benefit 1 ( 373 ) 0.4 % Foreign tax effects - - Tax credits: U.S. federal R&D tax credits ( 2,867 ) 2.7 % Change in valuation allowance 19,086 ( 18.4 )% Nontaxable or nondeductible items: Share-based compensation 1,185 ( 1.1 )% Net operating loss expirations 3,752 ( 3.6 )% Other 202 ( 0.2 )% Changes in unrecognized tax benefits 152 ( 0.1 )% Total $ ( 793 ) 0.8 % 1. State taxes in California made up the majority ( greater than 50% ) of this category. F- 29 Table of Contents The following table is a reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory rate to the Company’s effective income tax for the year ended December 31, 2024 in accordance with the guidance prior to the adoption of ASU 2023-09 (in thousands): December 31, 2024 Income tax at U.S. statutory rate $ ( 16,890 ) State income taxes, net of federal benefit ( 1,895 ) Change in valuation allowance 11,517 Impairment 5,053 Tax credits ( 1,344 ) Share-based compensation 1,684 Other ( 222 ) Income tax benefit $ ( 2,097 ) Effective income tax rate 2.6 % Income taxes paid (net of refunds received) included the following (in thousands): Year Ended December 31, 2025 U.S. federal $ - U.S. state 15 Foreign 15 $ 30 The significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and liabilities are as follows (in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Deferred tax assets: Net operating loss carryforwards $ 31,063 $ 35,307 Share-based compensation 2,079 1,442 Tax credits 4,912 2,198 Accruals and reserves 2,076 1,688 Lease liability 343 372 Capitalized research and development costs 21,662 9,824 Deferred Income 5,601 - Other 1 3 Total deferred tax assets 67,737 50,834 Valuation allowance ( 60,364 ) ( 41,830 ) Net deferred tax assets 7,373 9,004 Deferred tax liabilities: Property and equipment ( 339 ) ( 271 ) Intangibles ( 8,420 ) ( 10,893 ) Right-of-use asset ( 316 ) ( 335 ) Total deferred tax liabilities ( 9,075 ) ( 11,499 ) Net deferred tax liabilities $ ( 1,702 ) $ ( 2,495 ) The Company’s Australian subsidiary had an accumulated deficit at December 31, 2025, and, accordingly, no provision has been provided thereon for any unremitted earnings. F- 30 Table of Contents The future realization of the tax benefits from existing temporary differences, net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes ultimately depends on the existence of sufficient taxable income within the carryforward period. Therefore, at each balance sheet reporting date, the Company assesses the realizability of its deferred tax assets whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all its deferred tax assets will not be realized. In assessing the realizability of its deferred tax assets, the Company considers all available evidence, both positive and negative, including results of operations in recent years, projected future taxable income, expected reversal of existing deferred tax liabilities, and tax planning strategies in making its assessment. After considering all available evidence, the Company has determined that it is more likely than not that its net deferred tax assets will not be realized in the foreseeable future. Therefore, the Company continues to maintain a valuation allowance against its net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2025. The Company maintained a full valuation allowance against its U.S. net deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 with the exception of deferred tax liabilities that are indefinite-lived and are not able to be used as a source of income. The valuation increased by $ 18.5 million and $ 11.9 million during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The change in the valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2025 is primarily attributable to the capitalization of research and development costs. The change in the valuation allowance for the year ended December 31, 2024 is primarily attributable to net operating losses generated and the capitalization of research and development costs. As of December 31, 2025 , the Company has U.S. federal net operating loss carryforwards of $ 139.3 million which includes $ 89.6 million that have an unlimited carryforward period and $ 49.7 million that expire at various dates between 2026 and 2037. As of December 31, 2025 , the Company has various state net operating loss carryforwards of $ 34.2 million that expire at various dates between 2033 and 2044. As of December 31, 2025 , the Company has U.S. federal research and development credits of $ 6.0 million that expire at various dates between 2035 and 2045, and state research and development credits of $ 0.1 million that begin to expire between 2036 and 2038. The future realization of the Company’s net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes may be limited by the change in ownership rules under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code Section 382. Under Section 382, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, the Company’s ability to utilize its net operating loss carryforwards and other tax attributes to offset income may be subject to an annual limitation. As of December 31, 2025, the Company has not completed a study to assess whether an ownership change has occurred or whether there have been multiple ownership changes. A reconciliation of the beginning and ending balance of total unrecognized tax benefits is as follows (in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Beginning balance $ 526 $ - Increases related to prior year tax positions 152 224 Increases related to current year tax positions 519 302 Ending balance $ 1,197 $ 526 As of December 31, 2025 and 2024 , the Company had gross unrecognized tax benefits of approximately $ 1.2 million and $ 0.5 million, respectively. The unrecognized tax benefits would give rise to additional deferred tax assets if recognized. This would also give rise to a corresponding increase in the valuation allowance and would not impact the Company’s effective tax rate. The Company did no t accrue interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as they relate to unutilized tax attributes. The Company files income tax returns in the U.S., including various states, and jurisdictions outside the U.S. Therefore, the Company is subject to tax examination by various taxing authorities. The Company is not currently under examination and is not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its tax positions. To the extent the Company has tax attribute carryforwards, the tax years in which the attribute was generated may still be adjusted upon examination by local tax authorities to the extent such tax attribute is utilized in a future period. As of December 31, 2025 , the tax years from 2021 to present remain open to examination by the various U.S. taxing authorities. However, to the extent the Company utilizes net operating losses from years prior to 2021, the statute remains open to the extent of the net operating losses or other credits that are utilized. 15. 401(k) Plan On January 1, 2024, the Company merged two prior 401(k) plans into a new 401(k) plan with a company match where 100 % of the first 4 % of participants’ contributions are matched, up to a maximum company match of 4 % of eligible compensation (subject to IRS annual limits). For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 , the Company recognized $ 0.9 million and $ 0.5 million in employer matching expense, respectively. F- 31 Table of Contents 16. Commitments and Contingencies The Company has been in settlement negotiations with a representative for six stockholder plaintiff firms alleging the Company violated Delaware law in its preliminary proxy statement that was disseminated to stockholders in November 2022 for the Company’s annual meeting held in December 2022. Based on these settlement negotiations to date, the Company estimates that it will settle for no more than an aggregate of $ 0.2 million and, therefore, recorded an estimated liability of $ 0.2 million during the period ended December 31, 2022, which it maintained as of December 31, 2025. This balance is included in accrued expenses in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. In May 2025, the Company entered into a supply agreement order with the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) under which the Company will purchase Thorium-228 from the DOE during 2025 and 2026. The supply agreement includes a “take-or-pay” provision pursuant to which the Company is committed to purchasing approximately $ 8.4 million of Thorium-228 during the term of the agreement. In October 2025, the Company entered into an agreement with a general contractor to begin building modifications at its facility in the Chicago, IL metropolitan area along with preparations for the eventual installation of some of the Comecer manufacturing equipment and associated clean rooms. The Company currently estimates that the aggregate cost of these modifications will be approximately $ 27.5 million. However, actual costs may differ. In the ordinary course of business, the Company may agree to provide indemnification of varying scope and terms to vendors, business partners and other parties with respect to certain matters including, but not limited to, losses arising out of breaches of such agreements or from intellectual property infringement claims made by third parties. In addition, the Company has entered into indemnification agreements with its officers and members of its Board of Directors that will require the Company to, among other things, indemnify those individuals against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their status or service as officers or directors. The maximum amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these indemnification agreements is, in many cases, unlimited. To date, the Company has not incurred any material costs as a result of such indemnification obligations. The Company is not currently aware of any indemnification claims and has not accrued any liabilities related to such obligations in its consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2025 or 2024 . 17. Concentrations of Credit and Other Risks The Company’s financial instruments that are exposed to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash, cash equivalents, accounts receivable and short-term investments. The Company routinely assesses the financial strength of its receivables and provides an allowance for doubtful accounts as necessary. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the allowance was approximately $ 0.4 million and $ 0.5 million, respectively. The Company currently obtains nearly all of its supply of Thorium-228 (a precursor to 212 Pb) from a single supplier, the DOE. The Company currently utilizes one vendor for the manufacture of resin chromatography columns that are used in its 212 Pb generators, and the Company relies on a single vendor to assemble and load isotopes into the generators that are used to extract 212 Pb for use in the doses for the Company’s clinical trials. 18. Related Parties In connection with the Lantheus Investment Agreement entered into with Lantheus on January 8, 2024, the Company agreed to sell and issue the Lantheus Shares. The number of Lantheus Shares sold was 5,634,235 , representing 19.99 % of the outstanding shares of Common Stock as of January 8, 2024. On January 8, 2024, the Company entered into the Progenics APA with Progenics, an affiliate of Lantheus, for a purchase price of $ 8.0 million. On March 1, 2024, the Company closed on the transactions contemplated by the Progenics APA. F- 32 Table of Contents Also on January 8, 2024, the Company entered into the Option Agreement with Lantheus whereby Lantheus was granted an exclusive option to negotiate an exclusive, worldwide, royalty- and milestone-bearing right and license to [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET, the Company’s clinical-stage alpha therapy developed for the treatment of neuroendocrine tumors. If good-faith negotiations fail, Lantheus has a one-year right to reenter negotiations if a third party offers to purchase or license the [ 212 Pb]VMT-α-NET program. Additionally, Lantheus has a right to co-fund the Investigational New Drug (IND) application, enabling studies for early-stage therapeutic candidates targeting prostate-specific membrane antigen and gastrin-releasing peptide receptor and, prior to IND filing, a right to negotiate for an exclusive license to such candidates. In consideration of the rights granted by the Company to Lantheus pursuant to the Option Agreement, Lantheus paid to the Company a one-time payment of $ 28.0 million, subject to certain withholding provisions associated with the closing of the Progenics APA. Under the terms of the Option Agreement, Lantheus also had a right of first offer and last look protections for any third-party merger and acquisition transactions involving the Company for a 12-month period, which expired on January 8, 2025. In connection with the January 8, 2025 expiration of the right of first offer and last look provisions provided under the Option Agreement, the Company recognized $ 1.4 million on the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss as “Other income from a related party.” On March 4, 2024, the Company entered into the March 2024 Investment Agreement in which the Company agreed to issue and sell 9,200,998 shares of Common Stock. Lantheus, a significant stockholder of the Company, purchased part of the shares issued to increase their ownership percentage to approximately 19.9 % in the Company following the closing of the March 2024 Investment Agreement on March 6, 2024. For additional information regarding the Lantheus Investment Agreement, the Progenics APA and the March 2024 Investment Agreement, see Note 3, Investments and Agreements . On August 8, 2024, the Company entered into a license and access agreement with Lantheus. For additional information, see Note 10, Leases . F- 33

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials to finished product distribution, and are designed to ensure that the finished products meet all the required identity, strength, quality and purity characteristics. Compliance with CGMP includes adhering to requirements relating to organization and training of personnel, buildings and facilities, equipment, control of components and drug product containers and closures, production and process controls, quality control and quality assurance, packaging and labeling controls, holding and distribution, laboratory controls, and records and reports. Additionally, manufacturers of PET products are subject to a different set of CGMP requirements than other drug products. Third-party manufacturers of products are required also to comply with applicable requirements in the CGMP regulations, including quality control and quality assurance and maintenance of records and documentation. Failure of the Company’s third-party suppliers, to comply with applicable CGMP requirements or the conditions of the product’s approval may lead the FDA to take enforcement actions, such as issuing a warning letter, or to seek sanctions, including fines, civil penalties, injunctions, suspension of manufacturing operations, imposition of operating restrictions, withdrawal of FDA approval, seizure or recall of products, and criminal prosecution. Other regulatory authorities have their own CGMP rules. Ensuring compliance requires a continuous commitment of time, money and effort in all operational areas. Sales and Marketing . Once a marketing application is approved, a company’s advertising, promotion and marketing of the product will be subject to close regulation, including promotion to healthcare practitioners, direct-to-consumer advertising, communications regarding unapproved uses (or “off-label uses”), industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities and promotional activities involving the internet. In addition to FDA restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, state and federal fraud and abuse laws have been applied to restrict certain marketing practices in the pharmaceutical industry. Failure to comply with applicable requirements in this area may subject a company to adverse publicity, investigations and enforcement action by the FDA, the Department of Justice, the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, and/or state authorities. FDA sanctions could include refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval or license revocation, clinical hold, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, refusals of government contracts, mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors, debarment, restitution, disgorgement of profits or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on a company’s ability to develop, promote or distribute pharmaceutical products. New Legislation . New legislation is passed periodically in Congress, or at the state level, that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the approval, manufacturing and marketing of products regulated by the FDA. Further, the FDA revises its regulations and guidance in light of new legislation in ways that may affect our business or products. It is impossible to predict whether other changes to legislation, regulation, or guidance will be enacted, or what the impact of such changes, if any, may be. Other Requirements . Companies that manufacture or distribute drug products pursuant to approved NDAs must meet numerous other regulatory requirements, including adverse event reporting, submission of periodic reports, and record-keeping obligations. Other Requirements for Radioactive Substances. In the United States, as a manufacturer of pharmaceuticals utilizing radioactive byproduct material, we are subject to extensive regulation by not only federal governmental authorities, such as the FDA and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), but also by state and local governmental authorities to ensure such products are safe and effective. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) and certain states that are authorized pursuant to Section 274 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended, 42 U.S.C. § 2021, to license and regulate the use of radioactive materials within their borders (Agreement States), acting under authority from the NRC, regulate the possession, use and disposal of radioactive byproduct material as well as the manufacture of radioactive sealed sources to ensure compliance with state and federal laws and regulations. Our targeted alpha therapies are subject to these regulations. In the future, as our product development progresses, we will be required to obtain one or more Radioactive Materials Licenses from the NRC and/or Agreement States and comply with related NRC and Agreement State license conditions and regulations. We will have to comply with NRC and Agreement State regulations applicable to radiopharmaceutical administration and radioactive waste disposal. Moreover, our use, management and disposal of certain radioactive hazardous substances and wastes are subject to regulation by several federal and state agencies depending on the nature of the substance or waste material. We believe that we are in compliance with all federal and state laws for this purpose. 34 Table of Contents In the European Union (EU), laws and regulations at EU level and in the EU Member States govern or influence the research, testing, manufacture, safety, labeling, storage, record keeping, approval, distribution, use, reporting, advertising and promotion of radiopharmaceutical products. Furthermore, in the EU, a legal framework is in place to ensure the safety of patients and medical staff working with radiopharmaceutical products. This framework consists of several directives, such as Council Directive 2013/59/Euratom on basic safety standards, which provides requirements related to radiation protection in medicine, particularly regarding the recording of radiation doses, the role of medical physicist and risk assessments, and Council Directive 2011/70/Euratom on the responsible and safe management of spent fuel and radioactive waste. Compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations can be expensive, and current or future environmental regulations may impair our research, development and production efforts, which could harm our business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. See “

