TICKER: CELC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain interruptions, our business will be materially and adversely impacted. Our
future success and ability to generate revenue, if ever, is dependent on our ability to successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval
for and commercialize gedatolisib for one or more intended uses. We may not have the financial resources to continue development of,
or to modify existing or enter into new collaborations for, our current or future product candidates if we experience any issues that
delay or prevent regulatory approval of, or our ability to commercialize, gedatolisib, including: ● our
                                            inability to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory
                                            authorities that gedatolisib is safe and effective; ● negative
                                            or inconclusive results from our clinical trials or the clinical trials of others for drug
                                            products similar to ours, leading to a decision or requirement to conduct additional preclinical
                                            studies or clinical trials or abandon a program; ● product-related
                                            adverse events experienced by subjects in our clinical trials or by individuals using drugs
                                            or therapies similar to gedatolisib; ● poor
                                            effectiveness of gedatolisib or companion therapeutics during clinical trials; ● better
                                            than expected performance of control arms, such as placebo groups, which could lead to negative
                                            or inconclusive results from our clinical trials; ● high
                                            drop-out rates of subjects from clinical trials; ● inadequate
                                            supply or quality of drug products or other materials necessary for the conduct of our clinical
                                            trials or to support commercialization; ● greater
                                            than anticipated clinical trial or manufacturing costs; ● unfavorable
                                            FDA or comparable regulatory authority inspection and review of a clinical trial site; ● failure
                                            of our third-party contractors or investigators to comply with regulatory requirements or
                                            otherwise meet their contractual obligations in a timely manner, or at all; ● delays
                                            and changes in regulatory requirements, policy and guidelines, including the imposition of
                                            additional regulatory oversight around clinical testing generally or with respect to our
                                            therapies in particular; ● interruptions
                                            to our supply of API, finished drug product or other materials; or ● varying
                                            interpretations of our clinical data by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. We
were not involved in the early development of gedatolisib; therefore, we are dependent on third parties having accurately generated,
collected, interpreted and reported data from certain preclinical and clinical trials of gedatolisib. We
had no involvement with or control over the initial preclinical and clinical development of gedatolisib. We are dependent on third parties
having conducted their research and development in accordance with the applicable protocols and legal, regulatory and scientific standards;
having accurately reported the results of all preclinical studies and clinical trials conducted with respect to such drug product; and
having correctly collected and interpreted the data from these trials. 33 We
have not yet successfully completed any registrational clinical trials, and we may be unable to do so for any drug candidates we may
develop. We
will need to successfully achieve primary clinical endpoints in registrational clinical trials, in order to obtain and maintain the approval
of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to market our drug product. Carrying out clinical trials, including later-stage
registrational clinical trials, is a complicated process. As an organization, we have not previously completed any registrational clinical
trials. In order to do so, we continue to build and expand our clinical development and regulatory capabilities, and there is risk that
we may be unable to recruit and train qualified personnel. We also expect to continue to rely on third parties to conduct our clinical
trials. If these third parties do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, meet expected deadlines or comply with regulatory
requirements, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of or commercialize any product candidates. Consequently, we may be unable
to successfully and efficiently execute and complete necessary clinical trials in a way that leads to submission, approval, and maintaining
approval of our drug product. We may require more time and incur greater costs than our competitors and may not succeed in obtaining
regulatory approval of any drug products that we develop. Failure to commence or complete, or delays in, our planned clinical trials,
could prevent us from or delay us in commercializing our drug products. The
successful development of our products is highly uncertain. Our
business depends on the successful development of our pharmaceutical products, which is highly uncertain and is dependent on numerous
factors, many of which are beyond our control. Product candidates that appear promising in the early phases of development may fail to
reach the market for several reasons including, among other things, that clinical trial results may show the product candidates to be
less effective than expected or to have unacceptable side effects or toxicities; we may fail to receive the necessary regulatory approvals
or there may be a delay in receiving such approvals; or the proprietary rights of others and their competing products and technologies
may prevent our product candidates from being commercialized. The
length of time necessary to complete clinical trials and to submit an application for marketing approval for a final decision by a regulatory
authority varies significantly from one drug product to the next and from one country to the next and may be difficult to predict. We
will incur significant research and development expenses before knowing whether our products are commercially viable, and may abandon
development of a specific trial, or a product candidate, at any time for a variety of reasons. If we expend resources on products that
are ultimately not commercially viable, our timing for becoming profitable and our ability to invest in other products in our pipeline
would be adversely affected. In
addition, if gedatolisib receives marketing approval for the intended uses that we are pursuing,
we will continue to be subject to significant post-approval regulatory obligations. Compliance with these requirements is costly, and
any failure to comply or other issues with our drug products post-approval could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, there is always the risk that we, a regulatory authority, or a third party might identify previously
unknown problems with a product post-approval, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency. If
we encounter difficulties enrolling patients in any of our clinical trials, our clinical development activities could be delayed or otherwise
adversely affected. The
timely completion of clinical trials in accordance with their protocols depends, among other things, on our ability to enroll a sufficient
number of patients who remain in the trial until its conclusion. We may experience difficulties in patient enrollment in our clinical
trials for a variety of reasons, including: ● the
                                            patient eligibility and exclusion criteria defined in the protocol; ● the
                                            size of the patient population required for analysis of the clinical trial’s primary
                                            endpoints; ● the
                                            proximity of patients to clinical trial sites; ● the
                                            design of the clinical trial; ● our
                                            ability to recruit clinical trial investigators with the appropriate competencies and experience,
                                            and the ability of these investigators to identify and enroll suitable patients; ● perception
                                            of the safety profile of our drug products; ● our
                                            ability to obtain and maintain patient consents; and ● the
                                            risk that patients enrolled in clinical trials will drop out of the trials before completion. Delays
in patient enrollment may result in increased costs or may affect the timing or outcome of our clinical trials, which could prevent completion
of these trials and adversely affect our ability to advance the development of our product candidates. 34 Interim,
topline and preliminary data from our clinical studies that we announce or publish from time to time may change as more data become available
and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. From
time to time, we may publicly disclose preliminary or interim data from our clinical studies, which is based on a preliminary analysis
of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a more comprehensive review
of the data related to the particular study. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses
of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the preliminary or
interim results that we report may differ from future results of the same studies, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify
such results once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Preliminary or interim data also remain subject to audit and
verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published.
As a result, preliminary or interim data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. Adverse differences between
preliminary or interim data and final data could significantly harm our reputation and marketing efforts. Further,
others, including healthcare providers or payors, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions
or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the
approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our company in general. In addition, the information
we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study is based on what is typically extensive information, you or others may not
agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we
determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise
regarding our business. If the preliminary or interim data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including healthcare
providers or payors, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to commercialize our product candidate may be harmed, which could
harm our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition. Clinical
development involves a lengthy and expensive process, with an uncertain outcome. We may incur additional costs or experience delays in
completing, or ultimately be unable to complete, the development and commercialization of our product candidates. To
obtain the requisite regulatory approvals to commercialize any drug product, we must demonstrate through extensive preclinical studies
and clinical trials that such drug product is safe and effective in humans. Clinical testing is expensive and can take many years to
complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. We may be unable to establish clinical endpoints that applicable regulatory authorities
would consider clinically meaningful, and a clinical trial can fail at any stage of testing. Differences
in trial design between early-stage clinical trials and later-stage clinical trials, which involve a greater number of patients and take
years to complete, make it difficult to extrapolate the results of earlier clinical trials to later clinical trials. Moreover, clinical
data are often susceptible to varying interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their product candidates performed
satisfactorily in clinical trials have nonetheless failed to obtain marketing approval of their products. Additionally, we are conducting
and plan to conduct some open-label clinical trials, where both the patient and investigator know whether the patient is receiving the
investigational product candidate or either an existing approved drug or placebo. Most typically, open-label clinical trials test only
the investigational product candidate and sometimes may do so at different dose levels. Open-label clinical trials are subject to various
limitations that may exaggerate any therapeutic effect as patients in those trials are aware when they are receiving treatment. Open-label
clinical trials may be subject to a “patient bias” where patients perceive their symptoms to have improved merely due to
their awareness of receiving an experimental treatment. In addition, open-label clinical trials may be subject to an “investigator
bias” where those assessing and reviewing the outcomes of the clinical trials are aware of which patients have received treatment
and may interpret the information of the treated group more favorably given this knowledge. Where a randomized, placebo-controlled clinical
trial is designed to allow enrolled subjects to cross-over to the treatment arm, there may be a risk of inadvertent unblinding of subjects
prior to cross-over, which may limit the clinical meaningfulness of those data and may require the conduct of additional clinical trials.
As such, the results from an open-label clinical trial may not be predictive of future clinical trial results with any of our product
candidates for which we include an open-label clinical trial when studied in a controlled environment with a placebo or active control. 35 Successful
completion of clinical trials, or achievement of a predefined primary endpoint, is a prerequisite to submitting an NDA, or NDA supplement,
to the FDA, and similar marketing applications to comparable foreign regulatory authorities, for each drug product and, consequently,
the ultimate approval and commercial marketing of any drug products. We may experience delays in initiating or completing clinical trials,
or achieving event thresholds, including if it takes longer than expected to activate the targeted number of clinical sites, if the enrollment
of patients is slower than anticipated or negatively affected by staffing shortages at clinical sites, or by other unanticipated factors,
or if the FDA or other regulatory authorities require us to pause one or more of our clinical trials due to unexpected safety issues.
We also may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, any future clinical trials that we could conduct that could
delay or prevent our ability to receive marketing approval or commercialize our current product candidates or any future product candidates. Our
costs will increase if we experience delays in clinical testing or marketing approvals. We do not know whether our clinical trials will
begin or continue as planned, will need to be reassigned or will be completed on schedule, or at all. Significant clinical trial delays
also could shorten any periods during which we may have the exclusive right to commercialize our product candidates and may allow our
competitors to bring products to market before we do, potentially impairing our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates
and harming our business and results of operations. Any delays in our clinical development programs may harm our business, financial
condition and results of operations significantly. We
face significant competition, and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively. Our
industry is characterized by intense competition and rapid innovation. Our competitors may be able to develop other compounds or drugs
that are able to achieve similar or better results than our lead product candidate, gedatolisib. Our potential competitors include major
multinational pharmaceutical companies, established biotechnology companies, specialty pharmaceutical companies, and universities and
other research institutions. Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and other resources, such as larger
research and development staff and experienced marketing and manufacturing organizations and well-established sales forces. Smaller
or early-stage companies may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly as they develop novel approaches to treating disease
indications that gedatolisib is also focused on treating. Established pharmaceutical companies may also invest heavily to accelerate
discovery and development of novel therapeutics or to in-license novel therapeutics that could make the product candidates that we develop
obsolete. Mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated
in our competitors. Competition
may increase further as a result of advances in the commercial applicability of technologies and greater availability of capital for
investment in these industries. Our competitors, either alone or with collaboration partners, may succeed in developing, acquiring or
licensing on an exclusive basis products that are more effective, safer, more easily commercialized or less costly than our product candidates
or may develop proprietary technologies or secure patent protection that we may need for the development of our technologies and products.
We believe the key competitive factors that will affect the development and commercial success of our product candidates are efficacy,
safety, tolerability, reliability, convenience of use, price, and reimbursement. Even
if we obtain regulatory approval of drug products, the availability and price of our competitors’ products could limit the demand
and the price we are able to charge for our product candidates. We may not be able to implement our business plan if the acceptance of
our product candidates is inhibited by price competition or the reluctance of physicians to switch from existing methods of treatment
to our product candidates, or if physicians switch to other new drug or biologic products or choose to reserve our product candidates
for use in limited circumstances. 36 If
our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon which we rely, are or were compromised, we could face clinical
trial delays; regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational
harm; and other adverse consequences. Cyberattacks,
malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud, and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and
availability of our sensitive information and information technology systems, and those of the third parties upon which we rely. We rely
on contract research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations, distributors, supply chain resources, and other third-party
service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive information in a variety of contexts, including,
without limitation, on-site systems and cloud-based data centers, systems handling human resources, financial reporting and controls,
customer relationship management, regulatory compliance, and other infrastructure operations. We also communicate sensitive data, including
patient data, electronically, and through relationships with multiple third-party

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and other third parties, and notifying the appointment of a data protection officer to
the relevant EU/EEA competent national data protection authorities. The EU GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of
personal data outside of the EU/EEA. Personal data transferred to a jurisdiction outside the EU/EEA that does not provide adequate
protection for personal data (an “adequate jurisdiction”) must be protected by standard contractual clauses (a standard
form of contract approved by the European Commission). Currently, the U.S. is only an adequate jurisdiction for companies that
certify to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. As we are not certified to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, we must rely on
standard contractual clauses and other Article 45 protections when transferring personal data from the EU/EEA to the U.S. Companies
that must comply with the EU GDPR face increased compliance obligations and risk, including more robust regulatory enforcement of
data protection requirements and potential fines for noncompliance of up to €20 million or 4% of the annual global revenue of
the noncompliant company, whichever is greater. The EU GDPR also confers a private right of action in some circumstances on data
subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies, and obtain compensation
for damages resulting from violations of the EU GDPR. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, compliance expenses in
connection with the EU GDPR. If we are found to be in violation of the EU GDPR, our product development timeline may be affected,
which would potentially affect our ability to generate revenue and might impact our competitive position. Further,
following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the EU, we have to comply with the GDPR as implemented in the United Kingdom (the
“UK GDPR”). The UK GDPR penalty structure mirrors the EU GDPR and has the ability to fine up to the greater of €20 million/£17
million or 4% of global turnover. The European Commission has adopted an adequacy decision in favor of the United Kingdom, enabling data
transfers from European Union member states to the United Kingdom without additional safeguards. However, the framework for transfer
of personal data from the UK to jurisdictions outside the UK, EU, or EEA is different from the EU GDPR. The UK has implemented its own
standard contractual clauses to protect UK personal data transferred to countries that are not adequate jurisdictions. Current
and Future Legislation In
the U.S. and other jurisdictions, continued healthcare reform measures may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward
pressure on the price that we, or any collaborators, may receive. Individual states in the U.S. have also been increasingly passing legislation
and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement
constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some
cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Regulations may also prevent or delay marketing approval
of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates. Other
Regulatory Requirements Our
operations use small amounts of hazardous materials in research and development and generate regulated medical waste in the normal course
of performing our laboratory tests. This subjects us to a variety of federal, state and local environmental and safety laws and regulations.
Some of the regulations under the current regulatory structure provide for strict liability, holding a party potentially liable without
regard to fault or negligence. We could be held liable for damages and fines as a result of our, or others’, business operations
should contamination of the environment or individual exposure to hazardous substances occur. We cannot predict how changes in laws or
development of new regulations will affect our business operations or the cost of compliance. 28 Corporate
History We
were organized as a Minnesota limited liability company in 2011 and commenced operations in 2012. On September 15, 2017, we converted
from a Minnesota limited liability company into a Delaware corporation and changed our name from Celcuity LLC to Celcuity Inc. Employees
and Labor Relations As
of December 31, 2025, we had 155 full-time employees, most of which were engaged in research and development activities, though hiring
employees in preparation for anticipated commercial launch has begun. None of our employees are currently represented by a labor union
or covered by a collective bargaining agreement and we believe that our relations with our employees are good. During 2025, our voluntary
turnover rate was approximately 4%. Information
About Our Executive Officers The
following table sets forth information concerning our executive officers. Name Age Position Brian
    F. Sullivan 64 Chief
    Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board Lance
    G. Laing, Ph.D. 64 Chief
    Science Officer, Vice President, Secretary and Director Vicky
    Hahne 59 Chief
    Financial Officer Brian
F. Sullivan is our co-founder and has served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since we commenced operations in
2012. Mr. Sullivan has over 30 years of experience founding and building successful, high-growth technology companies. He was Chairman
and CEO of SterilMed, a medical device reprocessing company, from 2003, when he led an investment group to acquire a majority interest,
until its sale to Ethicon Endo-Surgery Inc., a Johnson & Johnson company, for $330 million in 2011. Previously, he was co-founder
and Chief Executive Officer of Recovery Engineering, a filtration company, which he took public and subsequently sold to Procter &
Gamble for $265 million in 1999. Mr. Sullivan previously served on the board of directors of two publicly-held companies, Entegris, Inc.
and Virtual Radiologic Inc. Mr. Sullivan has received nine U.S. patents and has several patents pending. He graduated magna cum laude with distinction from Harvard College with an A.B. in economics. Lance
G. Laing, Ph.D. is our co-Founder and has served as Chief Science Officer, Vice President, Secretary and a director since we
commenced operations in 2012. Dr. Laing’s career spans more than 20 years in drug discovery research and technology
development. He received his doctorate in biophysics and biochemistry from The Johns Hopkins University and completed a National
Institutes of Health post-doctoral fellowship at Washington University Medical School in biophysics. He has received 27 U.S. patents
and has several U.S. patents pending. His drug discovery research career began at Scriptgen/Anadys Pharmaceuticals (purchased
by Novartis), where he worked under Professor Peter Kim. He also was Director of Chemistry and Bioapplications and Director of
Detection Product Development for two companies that each developed instruments similar to those used by Celcuity. His work at these
two instrument companies gave him unique expertise and experience in developing a variety of patented applications for these
instruments. Most recently, he served as an executive director for an international drug discovery and development
company. Vicky
Hahne joined as our Chief Financial Officer in July 2017. She has more than 25 years of financial leadership experience, including
the most recent 20 years in the healthcare industry. Prior to joining Celcuity, Ms. Hahne served as Controller of Respiratory Technologies
Inc., a medical device manufacturer, from 2015 to 2017. While at Respiratory Technologies, she played a key role in the due diligence
process to sell the company to Koninklijke Philips. In 2014, she served as Controller for Ability Network Inc., a healthcare information
technology company. From 2007 to 2012, Ms. Hahne served as Controller of SterilMed Inc., a medical device reprocessing company, where
she was significantly involved in the sale of the company to Johnson & Johnson. Prior to these roles, Ms. Hahne held several senior
financial positions at SimonDelivers Inc., including Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Hahne has extensive experience in early stage, high
growth companies with responsibilities including financial controls and stewardship, financial analysis, mergers and acquisitions, building
infrastructure and systems. She received a B.S. degree in Finance and Accounting from Northern State University and received her CPA
certificate in 1990. 29 ITEM
1A.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers to formulate, manufacture and
supply our drug product, and we use other third parties to package, store and distribute drug product for our clinical trials. If
our drug product receives FDA approval, we will rely on one or more third-party contract manufacturers to manufacture and package
our commercial drug product, and we will use a 3PL to distribute our commercial drug product. Our
reliance on a limited number of third-party manufacturers, including one primary manufacturer of the active ingredient gedatolisib, exposes
us to risks that, among other things, we may be unable to identify manufacturers on acceptable terms or at all because the number of
potential manufacturers is limited and the FDA must approve any replacement or additional manufacturer; our third-party manufacturers
might be unable to manufacture our drugs in the volume and of the quality required to meet our clinical and/or commercial needs, if any;
our contract manufacturers may not perform as agreed or may not remain in the contract manufacturing business for the time required to
supply our clinical trials, or to successfully produce, store and distribute our products commercially; and our contract manufacturers
may fail to comply with good manufacturing practice and other government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. Each of these
risks could delay our clinical trials, the approval, if any, of our product candidates by the FDA, or the commercialization of our product
candidates or result in higher costs or deprive us of potential product revenues. Performance
issues or price increases by our shipping carriers could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition,
and harm our reputation and ability to provide our products on a timely basis. Expedited,
reliable shipping is essential to our operations. Should our shipping carriers encounter delivery performance issues such as loss, damage
or destruction of our API or product, such occurrences may damage our reputation and adversely affect our business. In addition, any
significant increase in shipping rates could adversely affect our operating margins and results of operations. Similarly, strikes, severe
weather, natural disasters or other service interruptions by delivery services we use would adversely affect our ability to receive and
process product orders on a timely basis. There are only a few providers of overnight nationwide transport services, and there can be
no assurance that we will be able to maintain arrangements with providers on acceptable terms, if at all. Other
Risks Related to Government Regulation for Our Business Failure
to comply with applicable U.S. data security and privacy regulations may increase our operational costs. Generally,
we are not a covered entity under HIPAA, and our clinical operations are exempt from most state and federal data protection
regulations. The personal data of clinical trial subjects collected by our CROs’ U.S. clinical sites is considered protected
health information, or PHI, subject to the U.S. sites’ compliance with HIPAA. We will incur significant costs to establish and maintain data privacy
safeguards and, if we are required to comply with HIPAA or U.S. state regulations in the future, our costs could increase
further, which would negatively affect our operating results. Furthermore, we cannot guarantee that such safeguards have been and
will continue to be adequate under applicable laws. 47 If
we receive FDA approval and launch gedatolisib in the U.S., we expect to be subject to comprehensive state privacy laws. For
example, the CCPA applies to personal information of
consumers, business representatives, and employees, and requires covered businesses to provide specific disclosures related to a
business’s processing of personal data, new operational practices, and requirements to respond to certain requests from
California residents related to their personal data. New regulations and enforcement actions related to the CCPA and similar state
comprehensive privacy laws continue to impact how companies think about and establish compliance mechanisms across the U.S. U.S.
privacy compliance is further complicated by inconsistent state laws that require complex operational frameworks for full
compliance. Accordingly, the CCPA and other similar state laws may impact our business activities and increase our compliance costs,
as well as our legal risks. The regulatory framework for the collection, use, safeguarding, transfer and other processing of
information is rapidly evolving and is likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. Evolving
U.S. data privacy regulations may interrupt or delay our development, regulatory and commercialization activities and increase our cost
of doing business, and could lead to government enforcement actions, private litigation and significant fines and penalties against us
and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Even if we are not determined
to have violated these laws, government investigations into these issues typically require the expenditure of significant resources and
generate negative publicity, which could harm our reputation and our business. Compliance
with global privacy and data security requirements could result in additional costs and liabilities to us or inhibit our ability to collect
and process data globally, and the failure to comply with such requirements could subject us to significant fines and penalties, which
may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Our
CROs and clinical investigators involved in our clinical trials may collect, receive, store, process, use, generate, transfer, disclose,
make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit and share (collectively, “process”) personal data as defined in data protection
laws outside the U.S. Accordingly, we are subject to numerous foreign privacy and security laws regulating the collection, use, safeguarding,
transfer and other processing of personal data. Globally, virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established
its own data security and privacy frameworks with which we must comply. For example, the collection, use, disclosure, transfer, or other
processing of personal data regarding individuals in the UK, the EU, and the EEA, is subject to the UK GDPR and EU GDPR (together, “UK/EU
GDPR”), which is wide-ranging in scope and imposes numerous requirements on companies that process personal data, including requirements
relating to the processing of health and other sensitive data, obtaining consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates,
providing information to individuals regarding data processing activities, implementing safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality
of personal data, providing notification of data breaches, and taking certain measures when engaging third-party processors. In addition,
the UK/EU GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data to countries outside the UK/EU/EEA, including the U.S., and,
as a result, increases the scrutiny that clinical trial sites located in the UK/EU/EEA should apply to transfers of personal data from
such sites to countries that are considered to lack an adequate level of data protection, such as the U.S. The UK/EU GDPR also permits
data protection authorities to require destruction of improperly gathered or used personal information and/or impose substantial fines
for violations of the UK/EU GDPR, which can be up to 4% of global revenue or £17 million/€20 million, whichever is greater,
and it also confers a private right of action on data subjects and consumer associates to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities,
seek judicial remedies, and obtain compensation for damages resulting from violations of the UK/EU GDPR. In addition, the UK/EU GDPR provides
that UK/EU/EEA member states may make their own further laws and regulations limiting the processing of personal data, including genetic,
biometric or health data. Given the breadth and depth of changes in data protection obligations, preparing for and complying with these
requirements is rigorous and time intensive and requires significant resources and a review of our technologies, systems and practices,
as well as those of any third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants that process or transfer personal data
collected in the UK/EU/EEA. Evolving
data privacy regulations may interrupt or delay our development, regulatory and commercialization activities and increase our cost of
doing business, and could lead to government enforcement actions, private litigation and significant fines and penalties against us and
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Even if we are not determined to
have violated these laws, government investigations into these issues typically require the expenditure of significant resources and
generate negative publicity, which could harm our reputation and our business. 48 We
will also need to expend a considerable amount of resources complying with other federal, state and foreign laws and regulations. If
we are unable to comply or have not complied with such laws, we could face substantial penalties or other adverse actions. Our
operations are subject, directly or indirectly, to other federal, state and foreign laws and regulations that are complex and their application
to our specific products, services and relationships may not be clear and may be applied to our business in ways that we do not anticipate.
Compliance with laws and regulations will require us to expend considerable resources implementing internal policies and procedures for
compliance and ongoing monitoring and will require significant attention of our management team. This will be challenging as an early-stage
company with limited financial resources and human capital. These laws include, for example: ● Title
                                            XI of the Social Security Act, commonly referred to as the federal Anti-Kickback Statute,
                                            which prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, solicitation or receipt of remuneration,
                                            directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, in return for or to reward the referral of patients
                                            or arranging for the referral of patients, or in return for the recommendation, arrangement,
                                            purchase, lease or order of items or services that are covered, in whole or in part, by a
                                            federal healthcare program such as Medicare or Medicaid; ● The
                                            civil False Claims Act, which forbids the knowing submission or “causing the submission”
                                            of false or fraudulent information or the failure to disclose information in connection with
                                            the submission and payment of claims for reimbursement to Medicare, Medicaid, federal healthcare
                                            programs or private health plans; ● The
                                            federal Physician Self-referral Law, commonly known as the Stark Law, which prohibits physicians
                                            from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients to providers of ”designated health
                                            services” with whom the physician or a member of the physician’s immediate family
                                            has an ownership interest or compensation arrangement, unless a statutory or regulatory exception
                                            applies, and similar state equivalents that may apply regardless of payor; and ● The
                                            U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, or FCPA, the U.S. domestic bribery
                                            statute contained in 18 U.S.C. § 201, the U.S. Travel Act, and the USA PATRIOT Act,
                                            which among other things, prohibit companies and their employees, agents, third-party intermediaries,
                                            joint venture partners and collaborators from authorizing, promising, offering, or providing,
                                            directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private
                                            sector. Many
states and foreign governments have adopted similar laws and regulations. Violations of law could subject us to civil or criminal penalties,
monetary fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings
and curtailment of our operations. We could also be required to change or terminate some portions of operations or business or could
be disqualified from providing services to healthcare providers doing business with government programs. Disruptions
at the FDA and other government agencies from funding cuts, personnel losses, leadership changes, regulatory reform, government shutdowns
and other developments could hinder our ability to obtain guidance from the FDA regarding our clinical development programs and develop
and secure approval of our product candidates in a timely manner, which would negatively impact our business. The
FDA and comparable regulatory agencies in foreign jurisdictions, such as the EMA, play an important role in the development of our product
candidates by providing guidance on our clinical development programs and reviewing our regulatory submissions, including NDAs, INDs,
requests for special designations and marketing applications. If these oversight and review activities are disrupted, then correspondingly
our ability to develop and secure timely approval of our product candidates could be impacted in a negative manner. For
example, the loss of FDA leadership and personnel and new leadership at the U.S. Department of Health & Human Services, the FDA and
the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research could lead to disruptions and delays in FDA guidance and review and approval of our product
candidate. Further, while the FDA’s review of marketing applications and other activities for new drugs is largely funded through
the user fee program established under PDUFA, it remains unclear how the administration’s recent reduction in force and budget
cuts will impact this program and the ability of the FDA to provide guidance and review our product candidate in a timely manner. 49 There
is also substantial uncertainty as to how regulatory reform measures being implemented by the Trump Administration across the government
will impact the FDA and other federal agencies with jurisdiction over our activities. For example, since taking office, the President
has issued a number of executive orders that could have a significant impact on the manner in which the FDA conducts its operations and
engages in regulatory and oversight activities. Accordingly,
if any of the foregoing developments and others impact the ability of the FDA to provide us with guidance regarding our clinical development
programs or delay the agency’s review of our regulatory submissions, including the NDA we submitted in November 2025 that was accepted
by the FDA in January 2026, our business would be negatively impacted. Risks
Relating to Our Common Stock Provisions
in our corporate charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of our company, which may be beneficial to our stockholders,
more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. Provisions
in our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger, acquisition or other change in control
of our company that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your
shares. These provisions could also limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock,
thereby depressing the market price of our common stock. In addition, because our board of directors will be responsible for appointing
the members of our management team, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our
current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors. Among other things, these
provisions: ● allow
                                            the authorized number of our directors to be changed only by resolution of our board of directors; ● limit
                                            the manner in which stockholders can remove directors from our board of directors; ● establish
                                            advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals that can be acted on at stockholder
                                            meetings and nominations to our board of directors; ● require
                                            that stockholder actions must be effected at a duly called stockholder meeting and prohibit
                                            actions by our stockholders by written consent; ● limit
                                            who may call stockholder meetings; ● authorize
                                            our board of directors to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could
                                            be used to institute a “poison pill” that would work to dilute the stock ownership
                                            of a potential hostile acquirer, effectively preventing acquisitions that have not been approved
                                            by our board of directors; and ● require
                                            the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds of the votes that all our stockholders
                                            would be entitled to cast to amend or repeal specified provisions of our certificate of incorporation
                                            or bylaws. Moreover,
we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits a person who owns in excess
of 15% of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us for a period of three years after the date of the transaction
in which the person acquired in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock, unless the merger or combination is approved in a prescribed
manner. Any
of these provisions of our charter documents or Delaware law could, under certain circumstances, depress the market price of our common
stock. The
price of our common stock may be volatile and fluctuate substantially, which could result in substantial losses for purchasers of our
common stock or could subject us to securities litigation. Our
stock price may be extremely volatile. The stock market in general and the market for smaller medical technology companies in particular
have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. As a result of
this volatility, investors may not be able to sell our common stock at or above the price they paid for such stock. The market price
for our common stock may be influenced by many factors, including: ● the
                                            success of competitive products or technologies; ● results
                                            of existing or future clinical trials; ● regulatory
                                            or legal developments in the United States and other countries; ● developments
                                            or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 50 ● the
                                            recruitment or departure of key personnel; ● the
                                            level of expenses related to any of our products or clinical development programs; ● actual
                                            or anticipated changes in estimates as to financial results, development timelines or recommendations
                                            by securities analysts; ● operating
                                            results that fail to meet expectations of securities analysts that cover our company; ● variations
                                            in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us; ● changes
                                            in the structure of healthcare payment systems; ● market
                                            conditions in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and medical technology sectors; ● sales
                                            of our stock by us, our insiders and our other stockholders; ● general
                                            economic and market conditions; and ● the
                                            other factors described in this “

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of the PAM pathway, gedatolisib can overcome adaptive resistance mechanisms that inhibitors of single
PI3K/AKT/mTOR components do not address. As a result, we believe gedatolisib offers distinct advantages over currently approved and investigational
therapies that target PI3Kα, AKT or mTORC1 alone or together. ● Overcomes
    limitations of therapies that only inhibit a single class I PI3K isoform, AKT, or one mTOR kinase complex. Gedatolisib
is a pan-class I isoform PI3K inhibitor with low nanomolar potency for the p110α, p110β, p110γ, and p110δ
isoforms and the mTORC1 and mTORC2 complexes. By targeting all class I PI3K isoforms and mTORC1/2, gedatolisib induces comprehensive
inhibition of the PAM pathway. Each PI3K isoform and mTOR complex is known to preferentially affect different signal transduction
events that involve tumor cell survival, depending upon the aberrations associated with the linked pathway. When a therapy only
inhibits a single class I PI3K isoform (e.g., alpelisib, a PI3Kα inhibitor), AKT (e.g., capivasertib, an AKT inhibitor) or
only one mTOR kinase complex (e.g., everolimus, an mTORC1 inhibitor), numerous feedforward and feedback loops between the PI3K
isoforms and mTOR complexes cross-activate the uninhibited sub-units. This, in turn, induces compensatory resistance that reduces
the efficacy of isoform specific PI3Kα, AKT, or mTORC1 kinase inhibitors. Inhibiting all four PI3K isoforms and both the
mTORC1 and mTORC2 complexes, as getatolisib does, thus prevents the confounding effect of isoform interaction that may occur with
isoform-specific PI3K inhibitors and the confounding interaction between PI3K isoforms, AKT, and mTOR. To
compare the functional effect of inhibiting single versus multiple PAM pathway components, we evaluated gedatolisib, and component-selective
inhibitors for PI3Kα (alpelisib), AKT (capivasertib) and mTORC1 (everolimus) in a panel of breast cancer cell lines using a live
cell proliferation rate dose response analysis. The results of this analysis are presented in the table below. Breast
Cancer Cell Line Proliferation Rate Dose Response Analysis Average
values for 14 PIK3CA MT and 14 PIK3CA WT breast cancer cell lines Note:
Growth rate (“GR”) was assessed using 28 cell lines by measuring live cells reducing potential with Real Time-Glo MT luciferase
assay before and after 72-hour drug treatment. GR50 (concentration required to inhibit growth rate by 50%) is a measure of potency. Max
cell growth inhibition (GR at highest drug concentration tested) is a measure of efficacy. Source:
Rossetti S. et.al., npj Breast Cancer, 2024 On
average, gedatolisib was at least 300-fold more potent on average than the single component PAM inhibitors analyzed and only gedatolisib
induced a significant cytotoxic effect. In addition, gedatolisib’s potency and efficacy was comparable in cell lines with and without PIK3CA mutations, in contrast to the single component PAM inhibitors. ● Better
    tolerated by patients than oral PI3K and mTOR drugs. Gedatolisib
is administered intravenously (“IV”) on a four-week cycle of once a week for three weeks, then one week off, in contrast to the orally
administered pan-PI3K or dual PI3K/mTOR inhibitors that are no longer being clinically developed. Oral pan-PI3K or PI3K/mTOR inhibitors
have repeatably been found to induce significant side effects that were not well tolerated by patients. This typically leads to a high
proportion of patients requiring dose reductions or treatment discontinuation. The challenging toxicity profile of these drug candidates ultimately played a significant role in the decisions to halt their development,
despite showing promising efficacy. By contrast, gedatolisib’s comprehensive inhibition of the PAM pathway at low nanomolar potency,
IV route of administration, and pharmacokinetic properties enables it to achieve optimal anti-proliferative effects on tumor cells without
inducing the levels of hyperglycemia, rash, and diarrhea typically associated with oral single-component inhibitors of the PAM pathway. Isoform-specific
PI3K or mTORC1 inhibitors administered orally were developed to reduce toxicities in patients. While the range of toxicities
associated with single-component PAM inhibitors is narrower than oral pan-PI3K or PI3K/mTOR inhibitors, administering them orally on
a continuous basis still leads to challenging toxicities. The experience with the FDA approved oral PI3Kα inhibitor,
alpelisib, and mTORC1 inhibitor, everolimus, illustrates the challenge. In their Phase 3 pivotal trials, alpelisib and everolimus
were found to induce hyperglycemia in 79% and 69% of patients evaluated, respectively. In addition, 26% and 24% of patients
discontinued alpelisib and everolimus, respectively, due to treatment related adverse events. By contrast, in the 103-patient dose
expansion portion of the Phase 1b clinical trial with gedatolisib, only 7% of patients experienced Grade 3 or 4 hyperglycemia and
less than 9% discontinued treatment. 9 Clinical
Development As
of December 31, 2025, 1,127 patients and healthy volunteers have received gedatolisib in 12 completed or ongoing clinical trials.
Of these, 123 patients with solid tumors were treated with gedatolisib as a single agent in two clinical trials, 36 healthy volunteers
were treated in two clinical trials, and the remaining 968 patients received gedatolisib in combination with other anti-cancer agents
in eight clinical trials. Additional patients received gedatolisib in combination with other anti-cancer agents in 10 investigator sponsored
clinical trials. Breast
Cancer Program Breast
cancer is the most prevalent cancer in women, accounting for 30% of all female cancers and 7% of cancer-related deaths in the United
States. The National Cancer Institute estimated that approximately 316,950 new cases of breast cancer would be diagnosed in the United
States in 2025, and approximately 42,170 breast cancer patients would die of the disease. Four
different breast cancer subtypes are currently identified using molecular tests that determine the level of HR and HER2 expression. The
most common subtype of ABC is HR+/HER2-. Approximately 70% of all breast cancer tumors express the estrogen receptor (“ER”),
which, upon activation, regulates the expression of various genes involved in tumor proliferation. Despite progress in treatment strategies,
HR+/HER2- advanced or metastatic breast cancer remains an incurable disease, with a median overall survival (OS) of three years and a
five-year survival rate of 34%. Three
different classes of targeted therapies are currently used to treat HR+/HER2- tumors: endocrine-based therapies, CDK4/6 inhibitors, and
PAM inhibitors. Each of the CDK4/6 inhibitors and PAM inhibitors are generally used to respond to the related mechanisms of resistance
to endocrine therapy, namely, activation of the CDK4/6 and PAM pathways. Nearly
80% of breast cancers have direct or indirect activation of the PAM pathway. The upregulation of the PAM pathway promotes hormone-dependent
and independent ER transcriptional activity, which contributes to endocrine resistance, leading to tumor cell growth, survival, motility,
and metabolism. Clinical studies have demonstrated that PAM inhibition can restore sensitivity to endocrine therapy (ET). Additionally,
the PAM pathway, like other mitogenic pathways, can also promote the activities of cyclin D and CDK4/6 to drive proliferative cell cycling.
The available evidence indicates that resistance to CDK4/6 inhibition in patients with HR+/HER2- ABC is a transient adaptive mechanism,
most likely involving the PAM pathway. This data indicates that CDK4/6 signaling may be restored in CDK4/6 resistant tumors when PAM
inhibitors are applied. Thus, continuing CDK4/6 inhibitor treatment in combination with a PAM inhibitor in patients who progressed on
their prior CDK4/6 inhibitor, would both blockade the potentially reactivated CDK4/6 pathway and prevent adaptive activation of the PAM
pathway. This suggests the limited efficacy induced by current standard-of-care (SOC) therapies in patients who have progressed on a
CDK4/6 therapy reflects the mechanistic inadequacy of relying on partial PAM inhibition (e.g., alpelisib or everolimus) and no CDK4/6
inhibition to address this complex disease mechanism. We
believe the complex connection between the PAM and CDK4/6 pathways can potentially enable gedatolisib to adaptively reactivate CDK4/6
signaling that reportedly occurs in CDK4/6 resistant tumors when the PAM pathway is comprehensively inhibited. By re-activating CDK4/6
signaling, we believe gedatolisib can restore the therapeutic effect of CDK4/6 inhibition when it is combined with a CDK4/6 inhibitor.
The contributory effect of a CDK4/6 inhibitor when combined with gedatolisib would thus largely reflect the interaction between the two
therapies that gedatolisib initiates. 10 Evidence
of gedatolisib’s anti-tumor activity in breast cancer cells was provided in a study evaluating the MCF7 xenograft model (ER+/HER2-/PIK3CA
mutant), where the combination of gedatolisib with palbociclib and fulvestrant caused 90% tumor regression with no tumor regrowth observed
for more than 60 days after the final dose. Source:
Layman SABCS 2021 Clinical
Experience with Gedatolisib in Breast Cancer The
favorability of preliminary results from a Phase 1b clinical trial (B2151009, further described below) which evaluated 138 patients
with HR+/HER2- ABC led us to focus our initial clinical development program on ABC. On
January 13, 2022, gedatolisib was granted Fast Track designation for the treatment of patients with HR+/HER2- ABC after progression on
CDK4/6 therapy. Fast Track designation is granted by the FDA for products that are intended for the treatment of serious or life-threatening
diseases or conditions and which demonstrate the potential to address an unmet medical need. The designation offers the opportunity for
frequent interactions with the FDA to discuss the drug’s development plan and to ensure collection of appropriate data needed to
support drug approval, as well as eligibility for rolling submission of an NDA. On
July 18, 2022, gedatolisib was granted Breakthrough Therapy designation for HR+/HER2- ABC after progression on CDK4/6 therapy. Breakthrough
Therapy designation is granted by the FDA to expedite the development and regulatory review of an investigational medicine that is intended
to treat a serious or life-threatening condition. The criteria for Breakthrough Therapy designation require preliminary clinical evidence
that demonstrates the drug may have substantial improvement on one or more clinically significant endpoints over available therapies.
The benefits of Breakthrough Therapy designation include more intensive guidance from the FDA on an efficient development program, access
to a scientific liaison to help accelerate review time, and potential eligibility for Priority Review if relevant criteria are met. Our
breakthrough application was supported by data from a Phase 1b clinical trial that assessed the safety, tolerability and clinical activity
of gedatolisib in combination with palbociclib and fulvestrant in patients with HR+/HER2- ABC whose disease progressed during treatment
with a CDK4/6 therapy and an aromatase inhibitor. Phase
3 HR+/HER2- ABC Clinical Trial (VIKTORIA-1) In
2022, we initiated VIKTORIA-1, a Phase 3, open-label, randomized clinical trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of gedatolisib in
combination with fulvestrant with or without palbociclib in adults with HR+/HER2- ABC whose disease has progressed after prior CDK4/6
therapy in combination with an aromatase inhibitor. This multi-center, international trial has completed enrollment of 754 subjects at
nearly 200 clinical sites across North America, Europe, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific. The first patient was dosed in December 2022. The
clinical trial is separately evaluating subjects according to their PIK3CA status. ● Subjects
    who meet eligibility criteria and do not have confirmed PIK3CA mutations (i.e., WT) were randomly assigned (1:1:1) to receive
    a regimen of either gedatolisib, palbociclib, and fulvestrant (Arm A), gedatolisib and fulvestrant (Arm B), or fulvestrant (Arm C).
    During the fourth quarter of 2024, we achieved our enrollment goal of 351 subjects who are PIK3CA WT. We reported topline
    data and detailed results for this group in the third and fourth quarters of 2025, as described below. 11 ● Subjects
    who meet eligibility criteria and have PIK3CA mutations (i.e., MT) were randomly assigned (3:3:1) to receive a regimen of
    either gedatolisib, palbociclib, and fulvestrant (Arm D), alpelisib and fulvestrant (Arm E), or gedatolisib and fulvestrant (Arm
    F). Enrollment of up to 350 subjects who are PIK3CA MT is ongoing. We expect topline data for this group to be available in the second
    quarter of 2026. The
clinical trial primary endpoints are progression free survival (“PFS”) , per RECIST 1.1 criteria, as assessed by blinded independent central review (“BICR”).
Two primary endpoints will be evaluated in subjects who are PI3KCA WT, and one primary endpoint will be evaluated in subjects
who are PI3KCA MT. In subjects who are PI3KCA WT, the PFS of gedatolisib in combination with palbociclib and fulvestrant
(Arm A) will be compared to fulvestrant monotherapy (Arm C), and the PFS in gedatolisib in combination with fulvestrant (Arm B) will
be compared to fulvestrant monotherapy (Arm C). In subjects who are PI3KCA MT, the PFS of gedatolisib in combination with palbociclib
and fulvestrant (Arm D) will be compared to alpelisib combined with fulvestrant (Arm E). All
subjects will receive treatment according to the assigned study arm until objective progressive disease, unacceptable toxicity, death,
or withdrawal of consent, whichever occurs first. Subjects in Arm C will have the option to receive the treatment regimen provided in
Arm A or Arm B upon radiographically confirmed disease progression. Subjects will be followed for adverse events, safety laboratory testing,
tumor assessment by RECIST v1.1, quality of life, and overall survival. On
July 28, 2025, we announced topline data from the PIK3CA WT cohort of the VIKTORIA-1 clinical trial and on October 18, 2025, at
the European Society of Medical Oncology (“ESMO”) congress, additional efficacy and safety results from this cohort were
presented. The key efficacy and safety data from the PIK3CA WT cohort showed: ● The
    gedatolisib triplet (gedatolisib, fulvestrant and palbociclib) demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful
    improvement in PFS among patients, reducing the risk of disease progression or death by 76% compared to fulvestrant (based on a hazard
    ratio [HR] of 0.24, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.17-0.35; p<0.0001). The median PFS, as assessed by BICR, was 9.3 months with
    the gedatolisib triplet versus 2.0 months with fulvestrant, an incremental improvement of 7.3 months. ● The
    gedatolisib doublet (gedatolisib and fulvestrant) also demonstrated a statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement
    in PFS among patients, reducing the risk of disease progression or death by 67% compared to fulvestrant (HR of 0.33, 95% CI 0.24-0.48;
    p<0.0001). The median PFS, as assessed by BICR, was 7.4 months with the gedatolisib doublet versus 2.0 months with fulvestrant,
    an incremental improvement of 5.4 months. ● The
    objective response rate (“ORR”) of the gedatolisib triplet was 31% compared to 1% with fulvestrant and the median duration
    of response (“DOR”) was 17.5 months. The ORR of the gedatolisib doublet was 28.3% and the median DOR was 12.0 months.
    The median DOR was not determinable for fulvestrant because there was only one objective response. ● The
    gedatolisib triplet and doublet were generally well tolerated in the trial with mostly low-grade treatment-related adverse events
    (“TRAEs”). The most common Grade 3 TRAEs for the gedatolisib triplet, gedatolisib doublet, and fulvestrant groups included
    neutropenia (52.3%, 0%, and 0.8% of patients, respectively); stomatitis (19.2%, 12.3%, and 0% of patients, respectively) rash (4.6%,
    5.4%, and 0% of patients, respectively); and hyperglycemia (2.3%, 2.3%, and 0% of patients, respectively). The primary Grade 4 TRAEs
    for the gedatolisib triplet and gedatolisib doublet groups were neutropenia (10.0% and 0.8%, respectively), leukopenia (0.8% in the
    gedatolisib triplet group) and pneumonitis (0.8% in gedatolisib doublet group). TRAEs led to the discontinuation of study treatment
    in 2.3% of patients in the gedatolisib triplet group, 3.1% in the gedatolisib doublet group, and 0% in the fulvestrant group. The
detailed results from cohort 1, PIK3CA WT cohort, established several new milestones in the history of drug development for HR+/HER2-
ABC: ● The
    hazard ratios for the gedatolisib triplet and doublet are more favorable than have ever been reported by any Phase 3 trial for patients
    with HR+/HER2- ABC. 12 ● The
    7.3- and 5.4-months incremental improvements in median PFS for the gedatolisib triplet and gedatolisib doublet over fulvestrant,
    respectively, are higher than have ever been reported by any Phase 3 trial for patients with HR+/HER2- ABC receiving at least their
    second line of therapy. ● Gedatolisib
    is the first inhibitor targeting the PAM pathway to demonstrate positive Phase 3 results in patients with HR+/HER2-/ PIK3CA WT ABC whose disease progressed on or after treatment with a CDK4/6 inhibitor. ● The
    median DOR and incremental ORR improvement relative to control for the gedatolisib triplet and doublet are the highest reported for
    an endocrine therapy-based regimen in 2L HR+/HER2- ABC. In
December 2025, updated efficacy and safety results from the Phase 3 VIKTORIA-1 PIK3CA WT cohort were presented at the 2025 San Antonio
Breast Cancer Symposium including patient sub-group analyses, safety analyses and patient reported outcomes for well-being measures. ● For patients enrolled in the U.S., Canada, Western Europe,
and Asia Pacific, median PFS was 16.6 months with the gedatolisib triplet and 7.1 months with the gedatolisib doublet versus 1.9 months
for fulvestrant (HR=0.14; 95% CI: 0.08-0.28; p<0.0001). ● Both gedatolisib regimens delayed time to definitive deterioration
versus fulvestrant according to patient reported outcomes for well-being measures that included mobility, self-care, usual activities,
pain/discomfort, and anxiety/depression (the EQ-5D-5L score). The median time to definitive deterioration was 23.7 months (HR=0.39; 95%
CI: 0.25-0.67; p = 0.0003) for patients treated with the gedatolisib triplet and not reached for the gedatolisib doublet (HR=0.37; 95%
CI: 0.24-0.66; p = 0.0003) versus 4.0 months for fulvestrant. Additionally, for the first eight cycles of treatment, the patients’ assessment of their well-being remained
stable relative to their assessment prior to starting treatment with gedatolisib. The
median PFS benefit of the gedatolisib triplet and doublet compared to fulvestrant was consistent across subgroups with the gedatolisib
triplet showing higher clinical benefit in nearly all subgroups compared to the gedatolisib doublet, particularly for patients who were
pre/perimenopausal, endocrine therapy resistant, or had visceral metastases. For patients enrolled in the United States and Canada, median
PFS was 19.3 months (HR=0.13; 90% CI: 0.07-0.29) for the gedatolisib triplet and 14.9 months (HR=0.35; 90% CI: 0.17-0.76) for the gedatolisib
doublet. With
these results, the gedatolisib regimens represent a potential new standard of care for patients with HR+/HER2-, PIK3CA WT ABC
whose disease progressed on or after treatment with a CDK4/6 inhibitor. Results
from cohort 2 of the VIKTORIA-1 Phase 3 clinical trial, the PIK3CA MT cohort, are expected to be available in the second quarter
of 2026. B2151009 Phase
1b HR+/HER2- ABC Clinical Trial A
Phase 1b dose-finding trial with an expansion portion for safety and efficacy evaluated gedatolisib when added to either the standard
doses of palbociclib plus letrozole or palbociclib plus fulvestrant in patients with HR+/HER2- ABC. PI3K mutation status was not used
as an eligibility criterion. Patient enrollment for the trial is complete. A
total of 138 patients with HR+/HER2- ABC were dosed in the clinical trial. Four patients from this study continue
to receive study treatment, as of December 31, 2025, each of whom has received study treatment for more than six years. ● 35
    patients were enrolled in two dose escalation arms to evaluate the safety and tolerability and determine the maximum tolerable dose
    (“MTD”) of gedatolisib when used in combination with the standard doses of palbociclib and endocrine therapies. The MTD
    was determined to be 180 mg administered intravenously once weekly. ● 103
    patients were enrolled in one of four expansion arms (A, B, C, D) to determine if the triplet combination of gedatolisib plus palbociclib
    and letrozole or gedatolisib plus palbociclib and fulvestrant produced a superior objective response (OR), compared to historical
    control data of the doublet combination (palbociclib plus endocrine therapy). All patients received gedatolisib in combination with
    standard doses of palbociclib and endocrine therapy (either letrozole or fulvestrant). In Arms A, B, and C, patients received an
    intravenous dose of 180 mg of gedatolisib once weekly. In Arm D, patients received an intravenous dose of 180 mg of gedatolisib on
    a four-week cycle of three-weeks-on, one-week-off. Objective response was determined using Response Evaluation Criteria in Solid
    Tumors v1.0, or RECIST v1.0. ○ Arm
    A : ABC with progression and no prior endocrine-based systemic therapy or a CDK4/6 inhibitor in the metastatic setting. First-line
    endocrine-based therapy for advanced disease (CDK4/6 treatment naive). ○ Arm
    B : ABC with progression during one or two prior endocrine-based systemic therapies in the advanced setting, with no prior therapy
    with any CDK inhibitor. Second- or third-line endocrine-based therapy for metastatic disease. ○ Arm
    C : ABC with progression during one or two prior endocrine-based systemic therapies in the advanced setting and following prior
    therapy with a CDK inhibitor. Second- or third-line endocrine-based therapy for advanced disease. 13 ○ Arm
    D : ABC with progression during one or two prior endocrine-based systemic therapies in the advanced setting and following prior
    therapy with a CDK inhibitor. Second- or third-line endocrine-based therapy for advanced disease. ● For
    the 103 patients enrolled in the expansion portion of the Phase 1b clinical trial, the ORR in aggregate among patients with evaluable
    tumors was 63%. ● Best
    responses, as measured by RECIST v1.0, are shown in the following chart for Arm A (1 st line patients) and Arm D
    (2 nd /3 rd line patients who received the VIKTORIA-1 Phase 3 trial dosing regimen). The dotted line represents
    the cutoff for partial response (PR), defined as a 30% reduction from the baseline tumor assessment. Source:
Layman SABCS 2021 ● Safety
    analysis: ○ For
    all arms in aggregate, all patients experienced at least one Grade 1 or Grade 2 treatment-emergent adverse event. The Grade 3 and
    4 treatment-emergent adverse events occurring in at least 20% of patients were neutropenia (63%), stomatitis (27%) and rash (20%).
    Neutropenia is a known class effect of CDK4/6 inhibitors. Stomatitis was reversible in most patients with a steroidal mouth rinse.
    All grades of treatment-related adverse events related to hyperglycemia were reported in 22% of patients; Grade 3 or 4 hyperglycemia
    was reported in 7% of patients. Gedatolisib was discontinued in less than 9% of patients. ○ For
    the patients in Arm D, who received the Phase 3 dosing schedule, Grade 3 and 4 treatment-emergent adverse events occurring in at
    least 20% of patients were neutropenia (67%), leukopenia (22%), and stomatitis (22%). All grades of treatment-related adverse events
    related to hyperglycemia were reported in 26% of patients; Grade 3 or 4 hyperglycemia were reported in 7% of patients. Gedatolisib
    was discontinued in 4% of patients. ● Best
    overall response data for each arm is presented in the table below: Total Expansion Arms (N=103) Arm A Arm B Arm C Arm D Prior Therapy 1L CDKi-naive 2L+ CDKi-naive 2L/3L CDKi-pretreated 2L/3L CDKi-pretreated n (Full, response evaluable) 31, 27 13,13 32, 28 27, 27 Study Treatment P + L + G P + F + G P + F + G P + F + G Gedatolisib schedule weekly weekly weekly 3 wks on/1 wk off ORR (1) (evaluable) 85% 77% 36% 63% mPFS (2) , mos (range) 48.4 (16.9, NR) 12.9 (7.6, 38.3) 5.1 (3.3, 7.5) 12.9 (7.4, 16.7) PFS % at 12 mos (2) 72.1% 54.5% 23.6% 53.2% WT MT WT MT WT MT WT MT PIK3CA status 81% 16% 69% 31% 75% 25% 56% 41% ORR (evaluable) 81% 100% 78% 75% 25% 63% 60% 73% PFS at 12 months 74% 60% 50% 67% 22% 29% 49% 60% (1)
ORR represents PR, except in Arm A, which had 1 CR = Complete response. Responses per RECIST 1.1; (2) Includes 2 unconfirmed PR Abbreviations:
1L = first line, 2L = second line; mos = months; NR = not reached; ORR = objective response rate; PFS = progression free
survival Source:
Layman R. et. al, Lancet Oncol., 2024 14 Additional
results from the Phase 1b portion of the clinical trial were presented at the ESMO congress in October 2025. The analyses reported efficacy
data from patients who were treated with the same drug regimen being evaluated in the VIKTORIA-1 study, gedatolisib combined with fulvestrant
and palbociclib. This included patients from Escalation Arm B and Expansion Arms B, C and D of the Phase 1b study. As
described above, patients in Escalation Arm B and Expansion Arms B and C received a 180 mg dose of gedatolisib once weekly (“weekly
dose”). Patients in Expansion Arm D received a 180 mg dose of gedatolisib on days 1, 8, and 15 of a four-week cycle (“intermittent
dose”), which is the same dose regimen patients in the VIKTORIA-1 study receive. The proportion of patients who received the intermittent
dose of gedatolisib was 37% for those with PIK3CA MT tumors and 25% for those with PIK3CA WT tumors. The proportion of
patients who received prior treatment with a CDK4/6 inhibitor was 73% for those with PIK3CA WT tumors, and 71% for those with PIK3CA MT tumors. Median
PFS and the ORR were assessed in sub-groups of patients according to their PIK3CA status (Table 1). For all analyzed patients
with PIK3CA MT tumors (n=30), median PFS was 14.6 months and the ORR in response evaluable patients was 48%. Median PFS was 19.7
months and the ORR was 64% in patients with PIK3CA MT tumors who received the intermittent dose of gedatolisib used in the VIKTORIA-1
study. For patients with PIK3CA WT tumors (n=60), median PFS was 9.0 months and the ORR in response evaluable patients was 41%.
Median PFS was 9.1 months and the ORR was 53% in patients with PIK3CA WT tumors who received the intermittent dose of gedatolisib
used in the VIKTORIA-1 study. Table
1: Efficacy Analysis of Phase 1b Patients Treated with Gedatolisib Plus Palbociclib Plus Fulvestrant PIK3CA MT PIK3CA WT All Intermittent Dose All Intermittent dose N 30 11 60 15 Median PFS (months) 14.6 19.7 9.0 9.1 ORR 48 % 64 % 41 % 53 % Phase
3 HR+/HER2- ABC Clinical Trial (VIKTORIA-2) In
July 2025, we dosed the first patient in VIKTORIA-2, a Phase 3, multi-center, open-label, randomized, clinical trial designed to
evaluate the efficacy and safety of gedatolisib plus a CDK4/6 inhibitor and fulvestrant as first-line treatment for patients with
HR+/HER2- endocrine treatment resistant ABC. For the CDK4/6 inhibitor, investigators may choose either ribociclib or palbociclib.
This multi-center, international trial enrolled 35 evaluable subjects in the safety run-in portion of the study to evaluate the
safety of gedatolisib when combined with ribociclib and fulvestrant. The safety run-in was completed in the first quarter of 2026.
In the Phase 3 portion of the study, approximately 638 subjects are expected to be randomized and assigned to Cohort 1
( PIK3CA WT) or Cohort 2 ( PIK3CA MT) based on their PIK3CA status. Subjects in each cohort are expected to be
randomized on a 1:1 basis to either Arm A (gedatolisib with fulvestrant and ribociclib or palbociclib) or Arm B (fulvestrant and
ribociclib or palbociclib). We intend to provide an update on our final Phase 3 study design in the second quarter of 2026. It is expected that approximately 200 clinical sites across North America, Europe, and
Asia-Pacific will participate, including many sites included in the VIKTORIA-1 clinical trial. Prostate
Cancer Program In
the United States, prostate cancer is the second leading cause of cancer death in men. Current estimates predict that one in eight men
will be diagnosed with prostate cancer in his lifetime. The National Cancer Institute estimated that in 2025 there would be over 313,780
new cases of prostate cancer in the United States and approximately 35,770 deaths from the disease. Although approximately 69% of patients
are diagnosed with localized prostate cancer, about 8% of patients present with metastatic disease with a 5-year survival rate of 38%.
Androgen deprivation therapy (“ADT”) via medical or surgical castration has been the mainstay treatment for metastatic prostate
cancer. However, prostate cancer cells develop resistance to ADT and progress to castration resistance, leading to poor prognosis and
a median overall survival of about three to five years. Men
with mCRPC have a poor prognosis and a predicted survival rate of fewer than two years from the initial time of progression. Treatment
options for prostate cancer depend on many different factors, including the stage of the cancer. Castration-resistant prostate cancer
is defined by disease progression despite ADT and is often indicated by rising levels of PSA. Current standard of care for men with castration-resistant
prostate cancer provides that patients should initially receive a combination of ADT and either abiraterone, which works by decreasing
androgen levels, or enzalutamide, which works by blocking androgen binding to androgen receptors (“AR”). If the disease progresses
despite these second-generation hormonal therapies, chemotherapy is considered the next treatment option. Treatment with chemotherapy
is generally postponed for as long as possible due to the potential for severe side effects including neuropathies, nausea, diarrhea,
decreased mental capacity and increased risk of infections. Preclinical
studies have demonstrated a potential association between the PAM pathway and AR signaling in prostate cancer cells developing resistance
to ADT. In these studies, the AR and PAM pathways were shown to cross-regulate each other. This is similar to the relationship demonstrated
in breast cancer with the estrogen receptor pathway and the PAM pathway. Additionally, 70% - 100% of mCRPC tumors have PAM related pathway
alterations. Several
clinical studies have shown promising results by inhibiting the PAM pathway in combination with an AR inhibitor. In separate Phase 2
and Phase 3 trials, the AKT inhibitor, ipatasertib, showed improvement in radiographic PFS (“rPFS”) in patients with mCRPC
and tumors with phosphatase and tensin homolog (“PTEN”) loss when ipatasertib was combined with the AR inhibitor, abiraterone,
versus abiraterone alone. In a Phase 2 trial, the pan-PI3K inhibitor, samotolisib, reported median rPFS of 10.2 when combined with enzalutamide
versus 5.5 months for enzalutamide alone. 15 Evidence
of gedatolisib’s in vivo activity in prostate cancer was provided in a study evaluating the 22RV-1, PC3, and enzalutamide sensitive
model (“C4-2”) prostate cancer xenograft models. As seen in the figures below, gedatolisib induced greater than 80% tumor
growth inhibition, regardless of the xenograft model’s sensitivity to the AR inhibitor, enzalutamide and the cell lines’
PTEN or AR status. In addition, gedatolisib combined with enzalutamide induced significantly greater tumor growth inhibition than enzalutamide
alone in the C4-2. S ource:
Sen, ASCO-GU, 2023 Phase
1b/2 mCRPC Clinical Trial (CELC-G-201) We
received approval from the FDA in mid-2023 to proceed with the clinical development of gedatolisib in combination with Nubeqa ® (darolutamide), an approved androgen receptor inhibitor, for the treatment of patients with mCRPC. We have since initiated a Phase 1b/2
clinical trial (CELC-G-201) that will enroll up to 54 participants with mCRPC who progressed after treatment with an AR inhibitor. We
dosed our first patient in this trial in February 2024. The primary objectives of the Phase 1b portion of the trial include assessment of the safety and tolerability of gedatolisib in combination
with darolutamide and determination of the recommended Phase 2 dose (“RP2D”) of gedatolisib. The primary objective of the
Phase 2 portion of the trial is to assess the radiographic PFS at six months of patients who received the RP2D. In
the Phase 1b portion of the clinical trial, we enrolled 38 participants randomly assigned to receive 600 mg of darolutamide twice
daily combined with either 120 mg of gedatolisib in Arm 1 or 180 mg of gedatolisib in Arm 2. In both arms, gedatolisib was
administered once weekly for three weeks, then one week off. Additionally, all patients received prophylactic treatment for
stomatitis. On June 30, 2025, we announced preliminary data for the CELC-G-201 Phase 1b trial, utilizing a May 30, 2025 data cut-off. Based on these
data, we amended the clinical trial protocol to enable exploration of additional doses in the Phase 1b portion of this clinical trial
to determine the RP2D. Once RP2D is determined, an additional 12 participants will then be enrolled in the Phase 2 portion of the study
at the RP2D level to enable evaluation of 30 participants treated with the RP2D of gedatolisib. On October 18,
2025, at the ESMO congress, we presented updated clinical results for the CELC-G-201 Phase 1b trial based on an August 15, 2025 data
cut-off. Among the 38 patients enrolled, 61% had received
one line of prior systemic therapy and 39% had received at least two or more lines of prior therapy. Updated
clinical results from the Phase 1 portion of the clinical trial were presented at the ESMO congress in October 2025. The Phase 1 data
set utilized an August 15, 2025 data cut-off. Median duration of follow-up was 9.0 months. The
six-month rPFS rate and median rPFS for patients from both arms combined was 67% and 9.1 months, respectively. For patients treated with
120 mg gedatolisib, the six-month rPFS rate was 74% and median rPFS was 9.5 months. For patients treated with 180 mg gedatolisib, the
six-month rPFS rate was 61% and the median rPFS was 7.4 months. The
combination of gedatolisib and darolutamide was generally well tolerated in the trial with mostly low-grade TRAEs. No dose limiting toxicities
were observed in either arm. The only Grade 3 TRAEs for patients from both arms combined included rash (5.3%), stomatitis (2.6%), and
pruritus (2.6%); no Grade 3 hyperglycemia was reported. Additionally, no Grade 4 or 5 TRAEs were observed, and no patients discontinued
study treatment due to a TRAE. In
the amended Phase 1/1b portion of the clinical trial, up to six patients are planned to be enrolled in each of three arms and treated
with different doses. Upon completion of Phase 1, up to an additional 40 patients will be randomly assigned to up to four Phase 1b cohorts
to determine the RP2D. Dose levels will be selected based on the results from the Phase 1 clinical
trial. In the Phase 2 dose expansion study, which will include subjects from the Phase 1/1b clinical trial, up to 18 additional subjects
will be enrolled to achieve a total of approximately 30 subjects treated with the RP2D. All patients will also receive standard doses
of darolutamide. 16 Investigator-Sponsored
Trials In
an investigator-sponsored Phase 2 clinical trial, 44 patients with HER2+/ PIK3CA mutated metastatic breast cancer were treated
with gedatolisib plus standard doses of trastuzumab-pkrb. No prophylaxis for stomatitis was administered. The median number of prior
anti-HER2 therapies enrolled patients received in the metastatic setting was four or more; 86% of patients had received at least three
prior anti-HER2 therapies. The data cut-off was February 10, 2025. Key
efficacy and safety results, as presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in June 2025, showed: ● The
    ORR among all patients enrolled was 43%. ● Median
    PFS was 6.0 months (95% CI, 5.0-7.7). ● Median
    overall survival was 24.7 months (95% CI; 17.3-NA). ● No
    patients discontinued gedatolisib due to a treatment-related AE. ● One
    (2.3%) patient experienced Grade 3 hyperglycemia. An
investigator sponsored trial has been initiated in collaboration with the Dana-Farber Cancer Institute and Massachusetts General Hospital
to evaluate gedatolisib in combination with abemaciclib and letrozole in patients with endometrial cancer. Pfizer
Gedatolisib License Agreement In
April 2021, we entered into a license agreement (the “Gedatolisib License Agreement”) with Pfizer pursuant to which we acquired
exclusive (including as to Pfizer) worldwide sublicensable rights to research, develop, manufacture, and commercialize gedatolisib for
the treatment, diagnosis and prevention of all diseases. Pursuant to the Gedatolisib License Agreement, we are obligated to use commercially
reasonable efforts to develop and seek regulatory approval for at least one product in the U.S. and if regulatory approval is obtained,
to commercialize such product in the U.S. and at least one international major market. We
paid Pfizer a $5.0 million upfront fee upon execution of the Gedatolisib License Agreement and issued 349,406 shares of our common
stock to Pfizer pursuant to an Equity Grant Agreement. We are also required to make milestone payments to Pfizer upon achievement of
certain development and commercial milestone events, including a $5.0 million milestone payment we made in January 2026 following
FDA acceptance of our NDA submission, up to an aggregate of $335.0 million. We will pay Pfizer tiered royalties on sales of
gedatolisib at percentages ranging from the low to mid-teens, that may be subject to deductions for expiration of valid claims,
amounts due under third-party licenses and generic competition. Unless earlier terminated, the Gedatolisib License Agreement will
expire upon the expiration of all royalty obligations. The royalty period will expire on a country-by-country basis upon the later
of (a) 12 years following the date of First Commercial Sale of such Product in such country, (b) the expiration of all regulatory or
data exclusivity in such country for such Product, or (c) the date upon which the manufacture, use, sale, offer for sale or
importation of such Product in such country would no longer infringe, but for the license granted herein, a Valid Claim of a
Licensed Patent Right. Capitalized terms in this paragraph have the meanings set forth in the Gedatolisib License
Agreement. We
have the right to terminate the Gedatolisib License Agreement for convenience upon 90 days’ prior written notice. Pfizer may not
terminate the agreement for convenience. Either we or Pfizer may terminate the Gedatolisib License Agreement if the other party is in
material breach and such breach is not cured within the specified cure period. In addition, either we or Pfizer may terminate the Gedatolisib
License Agreement in the event of specified insolvency events involving the other party. Formulation,
Manufacturing and Distribution We
rely on third parties to formulate, manufacture and distribute gedatolisib. We have entered into agreements with contract manufacturing
organizations (“CMOs”) to produce the drug substance gedatolisib and formulate, produce and package finished drug product
for clinical use and, if approved, commercial supply. We have entered into agreements with distributors and a third-party logistics provider
(“3PL”) to distribute finished product for clinical use and, if approved, commercial supply. We require all of our CMOs,
distributors, and our 3PL to conduct manufacturing and distribution activities in compliance with applicable laws, including current
good manufacturing practice (“cGMP”) and current good distribution practice, requirements. We anticipate that these CMOs,
distributors, and 3PL will have the capacity to support both clinical- and commercial-scale production and distribution. We may also
elect to enter into agreements with other CMOs to formulate and manufacture supplies of drug substance and finished drug product. 17 Sales
and Marketing If
any of our product candidates are approved, we intend to market and commercialize them in the U.S. and select international markets,
either alone or in partnership with others. Cancer patients are primarily treated by medical, surgical, or radiation oncologists, and
we believe these physicians, and the multi-disciplinary teams surrounding them, including nurses, advanced practitioners, and pharmacists,
can be reached with a targeted sales force. Competition
for Gedatolisib The
pharmaceutical industry is characterized by rapid evolution of technologies and intense competition. We face competition from major pharmaceutical
and biotechnology companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and public and private research institutions, among others.
Any product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with approved treatment options, including off-label
therapies, and new therapies that may become available in the future. Key considerations that would impact our ability to effectively
compete with other therapies include the efficacy, safety, method of administration, cost, level of promotional activity, and intellectual
property protection of our products. Many of the companies against which we may compete have significantly greater financial resources
and expertise than we do in research and development, manufacturing, preclinical testing, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory
approvals and marketing approved products. There
are several PI3K, AKT, and mTOR inhibitors approved by the FDA, including PIQRAY and AFINITOR from Novartis AG, TRUQAP from AstraZeneca
plc, ITOVEBI from F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd, COPIKTRA from Verastem, Inc., and ZYDELIG from Gilead Sciences, Inc. We are aware that other
companies are, or may be, developing products for this indication, including BridgeBio Pharma Inc., Eli Lilly and Company, Kazia Therapeutics
Limited, Relay Therapeutics, Inc., Revolution Medicines Inc., and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited. There may be additional companies
with programs suitable for addressing these patient populations that could be competitive with our efforts but that have not yet disclosed
specific clinical development plans. Smaller or early-stage companies, including oncology-focused therapeutics companies, may also prove
to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established companies. These companies
may also compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, establishing clinical trial sites,
enrolling patients in clinical trials and acquiring technologies complementary to, or necessary for, our programs. The availability of
reimbursement from government and private payors will also significantly impact the pricing and competitiveness of our products. Our
competitors may obtain FDA or other regulatory approvals for their products more rapidly than we may obtain approvals for our product
candidates, which could result in our competitors establishing a strong market position before we are able to commercialize our product
candidates. Market Opportunity Based on our analysis of published epidemiological data, we estimate that approximately 37,000 patients in the U.S.
have HR+/HER2- ABC who have progressed after a CDK4/6 inhibitor. If gedatolisib ultimately receives FDA approval for the treatment
of both PIK3CA WT and PIK3CA MT populations,
using internal duration of treatment estimates and pricing assumptions consistent with currently available novel therapeutics for breast
cancer, we estimate the total addressable market for gedatolisib in the second-line setting is more than $5.0 billion. Given the
significant penetration our research is suggesting we can achieve, we believe it is reasonable to estimate that a second-line indication
for gedatolisib could potentially generate peak revenue of up to $2.5 billion annually. Intellectual
Property Our
success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain proprietary protection for our product candidates, to operate without
infringing the proprietary rights of others, and to prevent others from infringing our proprietary rights. We plan to protect our
proprietary positions using a variety of methods, which include obtaining U.S. and foreign patents related to our inventions and
improvements, and prosecuting additional U.S. and foreign patents that we determine are important to the development and
implementation of our business. For example, we, directly and via our licensors, currently have, or are
pursuing, patents covering the composition of matter, formulation, and methods of using our drug product candidates and we plan to
pursue additional patent protection as appropriate. We also rely on trade secrets, trademarks, know-how, continuing technological
innovation and potential in-licensing opportunities to develop and maintain our proprietary position. 18 Gedatolisib
Patents We
entered into the Gedatolisib License Agreement with Pfizer in April 2021, pursuant to which we acquired exclusive worldwide rights under
Pfizer patents and know-how to develop, manufacture and commercialize gedatolisib. We have an exclusive license under the Gedatolisib
License Agreement to patent rights in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions relating to gedatolisib, in addition to our own patents.
The patent rights we own or which we have in-licensed under the Gedatolisib License Agreement include 13 granted patents in the U.S.
and more than 297 patents granted in numerous foreign jurisdictions. A U.S. patent covering gedatolisib as a composition of matter has
a statutory expiration date in December 2029 (including 209 days of Patent Term Adjustment), a U.S. patent that covers the cyclodextrin
formulation of gedatolisib that is currently used in our clinical trials expires in January 2041 (including 578 days of Patent Term Adjustment),
and a U.S. patent that covers the method of using gedatolisib in breast cancer expires in August 2042 (including 37 days of Patent Term
Adjustment), not including any Patent Term Extension that may be awarded by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (“USPTO”),
and relevant foreign counterparts. Issued patents will, as appropriate, be listed in the FDA’s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic
Equivalence Evaluations (“Orange Book”). Product
Trademark We
have applied for trademark protection for our preferred commercial product tradename, and the USPTO has allowed the tradename for
registration. The FDA has conditionally approved the use of this tradename subject to the FDA’s approval of our NDA. Trade
Secrets In
addition to patents, we rely on trade secrets and know-how to develop and maintain our competitive position. We typically rely on trade
secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. We
protect trade secrets and know-how by establishing confidentiality agreements and invention assignment agreements with our employees,
consultants, scientific advisors, contractors and partners. These agreements generally provide that all confidential information developed
or made known during the course of an individual or entity’s relationship with us must be kept confidential during and after the
relationship. These agreements also generally provide that all inventions resulting from work performed for us or relating to our business
and conceived or completed during the period of employment or assignment, as applicable, shall be our exclusive property. In addition,
we take other appropriate precautions, such as physical and technological security measures, to guard against misappropriation of our
proprietary information by third parties. Government
Regulation Approval
of Gedatolisib and Other Drug Products Government
authorities in the U.S. at the federal, state and local level and in other countries and jurisdictions, including the EU, extensively
regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage,
record-keeping, promotion, advertising, marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, and export and import of drug
products, such as gedatolisib and other drugs that may be used in combination with, or compete with, gedatolisib. Generally, before a
new drug can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format
specific for each regulatory authority and submitted for review and approved by the regulatory authority. The regulatory approval process
is time-consuming and requires significant capital expenditures. U.S.
Approval Process Overview
of FDA Approval Process In
the U.S., pharmaceutical products are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA. The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, and other
federal and state statutes and regulations, govern, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, storage, recordkeeping,
approval, labeling, promotion and marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, and import and export of
pharmaceutical products. Failure to comply with applicable U.S. requirements may subject a company to a variety of administrative or
judicial sanctions, such as FDA refusal to approve pending NDAs, warning or untitled letters, product recalls, product seizures, total
or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, fines, civil penalties and criminal prosecution. The process required
by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the U.S. generally involves the following: ● completion
    of nonclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies according to good laboratory practices (“GLPs”),
    or other applicable regulations; 19 ● submission
    to the FDA of an application for an investigational new drug application (“IND”), which must become effective before
    human clinical trials may begin; ● performance
    of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials according to the FDA’s regulations commonly referred to as current good
    clinical practices (“cGCPs”), to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for its intended use; ● submission
    to the FDA of an NDA for a new drug; ● satisfactory
    completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection (“PAI”) of the manufacturing facility or facilities where the drug is produced
    to assess compliance with the FDA cGMPs, to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug’s
    identity, strength, quality and purity; ● FDA Bioresearch Monitoring (“BIMO”) inspections
of the nonclinical and clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; and ● FDA
    acceptance, review and approval of the NDA. The
lengthy process of seeking required approvals and the continuing need for compliance with applicable statutes and regulations require
the expenditure of substantial resources and approvals are inherently uncertain. Preclinical
and Clinical Stages Preclinical
tests include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, formulation and toxicity, as well as animal trials to assess the characteristics
and potential safety and efficacy of the product. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations and requirements,
including GLPs. The results of preclinical testing are submitted to the FDA as part of an IND along with other information, including
information about product chemistry, manufacturing and controls and a proposed clinical trial protocol. Long term preclinical tests,
such as animal tests of reproductive toxicity and carcinogenicity, may continue after the IND is submitted. A 30-day waiting period after
the submission of an IND is required prior to the commencement of clinical testing in humans. If the FDA has neither commented on nor
questioned the IND within this 30-day period, the clinical trial proposed in the IND may begin. The
clinical stage of development involves the administration of the investigational product to healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients
under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by, or under control of, the trial sponsor, in accordance
with cGCPs. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing
procedures, subject selection and exclusion criteria and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and assess efficacy. Each
protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of an IND. Furthermore, each clinical trial
must be reviewed and approved by an Institutional Review Board (“IRB”), for each institution at which the clinical trial
will be conducted to ensure that the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation
to anticipated benefits. The IRB also monitors the clinical trial until completed. Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three
sequential phases, which may overlap or be combined: ● Phase
    1 clinical trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers or disease-affected patients who are initially exposed to
    a single dose and then multiple doses of the product candidate. The primary purpose of these clinical trials is to assess the metabolism,
    pharmacologic action, side effect tolerability and safety of the drug. ● Phase
    2 clinical trials involve studies in disease-affected patients to determine the dose required to produce the desired benefits. At
    the same time, safety and further pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic information is collected, possible adverse effects and safety
    risks are identified, and a preliminary evaluation of efficacy is conducted. ● Phase
    3 clinical trials generally involve a larger number of patients at multiple sites and are designed to provide the data necessary
    to demonstrate the effectiveness of the product for its intended use, its safety in use and to establish the overall benefit/risk
    relationship of the product and provide an adequate basis for product approval. These trials may include comparisons with placebo
    and/or other comparator treatments. The duration of treatment is often extended to mimic the actual use of a product during marketing. 20 A
registrational trial is a clinical trial that adequately meets regulatory agency requirements for the evaluation of a drug candidate’s
efficacy and safety such that it can be used to justify the approval of the drug. Generally, registrational trials are Phase 3 trials
but may be Phase 2 trials if the trial design provides a reliable assessment of clinical benefit, particularly in situations where there
is an unmet medical need. Post-approval
trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to
gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication, particularly for long-term safety follow
up. Progress
reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse
events occur. The FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time, or the FDA may impose other sanctions on
various grounds, including a finding that the research patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can
suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with
the requirements of the IRB or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. There
also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. Information
about most clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes for publication on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website. Information
related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, trial sites and investigators and other aspects of the clinical trial
is made public as part of the registration of the clinical trial. Sponsors are also obligated to discuss the results of their clinical
trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in some cases for up to two years after the date of
completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding the progress of development
programs. FDA
Review and Approval Process After
completion of the required clinical testing, an NDA is prepared and submitted to the FDA. Prior to granting approval of the NDA, which
is required before marketing of the product may begin in the U.S., the FDA must determine whether to accept the submission and, thereafter,
conduct an in-depth review. This process may take a year or more. The NDA must include the results of all preclinical, clinical and other
testing and a compilation of data relating to the product’s pharmacology, chemistry, manufacture and controls. The cost of preparing
and submitting an NDA is substantial. The submission of an NDA to the FDA, absent an applicable application user fee waiver, is subject
to a substantial application user fee, currently $4,682,003 for Fiscal Year 2026, and the manufacturer and/or sponsor under an approved
NDA are also subject to annual program fees for eligible products, which are currently $442,213 for Fiscal Year 2026. As a company with
fewer than 500 employees submitting its first NDA, we have qualified for the application fee waiver. The
FDA may also refer applications for novel drug products, or drug products that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy, to
an advisory committee—typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts—for review, evaluation and a recommendation
as to whether the application should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of an advisory committee, but it generally
follows such recommendations. Before approving an NDA, the FDA will typically conduct a BIMO inspection, including inspecting one or
more clinical sites to assure compliance with cGCPs. Additionally, the FDA will conduct a PAI of the facility or the facilities at which
the finished drug is manufactured to assure compliance with cGMP. The FDA will not approve the product unless compliance with cGMP is
satisfactory and the NDA contains data that provide substantial evidence that the drug is safe and effective in the indication studied. After
the FDA evaluates the NDA and the manufacturing facilities, it issues either an approval letter or a complete response letter (“CRL”).
A CRL generally outlines the deficiencies in the submission and may require substantial additional testing, or information, in order
for the FDA to reconsider the application. If, or when, those deficiencies have been addressed to the FDA’s satisfaction in a resubmission
of the NDA, the FDA will issue an approval letter. The FDA has committed to reviewing such resubmissions in two to six months depending
on the type of information included. 21 An
approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. As a condition
of NDA approval, the FDA may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy (“REMS”), to help ensure that the benefits
of the drug outweigh the potential risks. REMS can include medication guides, communication plans for healthcare professionals, and elements
to assure safe use (“ETASU”). ETASU can include, but are not limited to, special training or certification for prescribing
or dispensing, dispensing only under certain circumstances, special monitoring and the use of patient registries. The requirement for
a REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the drug. Moreover, product approval may require substantial post-approval
testing and surveillance to monitor the drug’s safety or efficacy. Once granted, product approvals may be withdrawn if compliance
with regulatory standards is not maintained or problems are identified following initial marketing. Changes
to some of the conditions established in an approved application, including changes in indications, labeling or manufacturing processes
or facilities, require submission and FDA approval of a new NDA or NDA supplement before the change can be implemented. An NDA supplement
for a new indication typically requires clinical data similar to that in the original application, and the FDA uses the same procedures
and actions in reviewing NDA supplements as it does in reviewing NDAs. U.S.
Marketing Exclusivity Upon
NDA approval of a new chemical entity (“NCE”), which is a drug (i.e., gedatolisib) that contains no active moiety that has
been approved by the FDA in any other NDA, that drug receives five years of marketing exclusivity during which the FDA cannot accept
any Abbreviated New Drug Application (“ANDA”), seeking approval of a generic version of that drug. Certain changes to a drug,
such as the addition of a new indication to the package insert, are associated with a three-year period of exclusivity during which the
FDA cannot approve an ANDA for a generic drug that includes the change. An ANDA may be submitted one year before NCE exclusivity expires
if a Paragraph IV certification is filed with the ANDA. If there is no listed patent in the Orange Book, no ANDA may be filed before
the expiration of the exclusivity period. If approved, we expect to receive five-year NCE exclusivity for gedatolisib. Patent
Term Extension After
NDA approval, owners of relevant drug patents may apply to the USPTO for up to a five-year patent term extension (“PTE”)
for one patent. The allowable PTE is calculated as half of the drug’s testing phase—the time between IND and NDA submission—and
all of the review phase—the time between NDA submission and approval, up to a maximum of five years. The time can be shortened
if the USPTO, in coordination with the FDA, determines that the applicant did not pursue approval with due diligence. The total patent
term after the extension may not exceed 14 years from NDA approval. We intend to seek five-year PTE should the FDA approve our NDA for
gedatolisib. For
patents that might expire during the application phase, the patent owner may request an interim patent extension. An interim patent extension
increases the patent term by one year and may be renewed up to four times. For each interim patent extension granted, the post-approval
patent extension is reduced by one year. The director of the USPTO must determine that approval of the drug covered by the patent for
which a patent extension is being sought is likely. Interim patent extensions are not available for a drug for which an NDA has not been
submitted. Fast
Track Designation The
FDA is required to facilitate the development, and expedite the review, of drugs that are intended for the treatment of a serious or
life-threatening disease or condition for which there is no effective treatment, and which demonstrate the potential to address unmet
medical needs for the condition. Under the Fast Track program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request that the FDA designate
the drug candidate for a specific indication as a Fast Track drug concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the drug candidate.
The FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for Fast Track designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor’s request.
Gedatolisib has received Fast Track designation from the FDA. Under
the Fast Track program and the FDA’s accelerated approval regulations, the FDA may approve a drug for a serious or life-threatening
illness that provides meaningful therapeutic benefit to patients over existing treatments based upon a surrogate endpoint that is reasonably
likely to predict clinical benefit, or on a clinical endpoint that can be measured earlier than irreversible morbidity or mortality,
that is reasonably likely to predict an effect on irreversible morbidity or mortality or other clinical benefit, taking into account
the severity, rarity or prevalence of the condition and the availability or lack of alternative treatments. 22 In
clinical trials, a surrogate endpoint is a measurement of laboratory or clinical signs of a disease or condition that substitutes for
a direct measurement of how a patient feels, functions or survives. Surrogate endpoints can often be measured more easily or more rapidly
than clinical endpoints. A drug candidate approved on this basis is subject to rigorous post-marketing compliance requirements, including
the completion of Phase 4 or post-approval clinical trials to confirm the effect on the clinical endpoint. Failure to conduct required
post-approval studies, or confirm a clinical benefit during post-marketing studies, will allow the FDA to withdraw the drug from the
market on an expedited basis. All promotional materials for product candidates approved under accelerated regulations are subject to
prior review by the FDA. In
addition to other benefits such as the ability to use surrogate endpoints and engage in more frequent interactions with the FDA, the
FDA may initiate review of sections of a Fast Track drug’s NDA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available
if the applicant provides, and the FDA approves, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable
user fees if not waived. However, the FDA’s time period goal for reviewing an application does not begin until the last section
of the NDA is submitted. Additionally, the Fast Track designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that the designation
is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. Breakthrough
Therapy Designation Breakthrough
Therapy designation by the FDA provides more extensive development consultation opportunities with FDA senior staff, allows for the rolling
review of the drug’s application for approval and indicates that the product could be eligible for Priority Review if supported
by clinical data at the time of application submission for drugs that are intended to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or
condition where preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies
on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Under the Breakthrough Therapy program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request
that the FDA designate the drug candidate for a specific indication as a Breakthrough Therapy concurrent with, or after, the filing of
the IND for the drug candidate. The FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for Breakthrough Therapy designation within 60
days of receipt of the sponsor’s request. Gedatolisib received Breakthrough Therapy
designation. Real-Time
Oncology Review (“RTOR”) RTOR
is an FDA review program within the Oncology Center of Excellence that allows sponsors to submit key sections of an oncology NDA on a
rolling basis. The intent of RTOR is to start FDA review earlier, improve efficiency, and potentially shorten overall NDA review times.
On August 27, 2025, the FDA granted our request to submit our NDA on a rolling basis via the RTOR program. Priority
Review FDA
Priority Review is a designation by the FDA that shortens the review timeline for certain marketing applications, including NDAs. Priority
Review reduces the FDA’s PDUFA goal review time from the standard 10 months to six months. The FDA grants Priority Review if the
NDA is for a drug that treats a serious condition and, if approved, would provide a significant improvement in safety or effectiveness
over available therapies. On January 16, 2026, the FDA accepted our NDA and awarded Priority Review, with a PDUFA goal date
of July 17, 2026. Disclosure
of Clinical Trial Information Sponsors
of clinical trials of FDA regulated products, including drugs, are required to register and disclose certain clinical trial information.
Information related to the product, patient population, phase of investigation, trial sites and investigators and other aspects of the
clinical trial is then made public as part of the registration at www.clinicaltrials.gov. Sponsors are also obligated to discuss the results
of their clinical trials after completion. Disclosure of the results of these trials can be delayed in certain circumstances for up to
two years after the date of completion of the trial. Competitors may use this publicly available information to gain knowledge regarding
the progress of development programs. 23 European
Union Approval Process Overview In
the EU, our product candidates may also be subject to extensive regulatory requirements. As in the U.S., medicinal products can be marketed
only if a marketing authorization from the competent regulatory agencies has been obtained. Similar to the U.S., the various phases of
preclinical and clinical research in the EU are subject to significant regulatory controls. The
Clinical Trials Regulation (EU) No 536/2014 came into effect in 2022. The Clinical Trials Regulation is directly applicable in all the
EU Member States, and repealed the Clinical Trials Directive 2001/20/EC. The Clinical Trials Regulation aims to simplify and streamline
the approval of clinical trials in the EU. The main characteristics of the regulation include: a streamlined application procedure via
a single-entry point, the Clinical Trial Information System; a single set of documents to be prepared and submitted for the application
as well as simplified reporting procedures for clinical trial sponsors; and a harmonized procedure for the assessment of applications
for clinical trials, which is divided in two parts. Part I is assessed by the competent authorities of all EU Member States in which
an application for authorization of a clinical trial has been submitted (Member States concerned). Part II is assessed separately by
each Member State concerned. Strict deadlines have been established for the assessment of clinical trial applications. The role of the
relevant ethics committees in the assessment procedure will continue to be governed by the national law of the concerned EU Member State.
However, overall related timelines will be defined by the Clinical Trials Regulation. To
obtain a marketing authorization of a drug in the EU, we may submit Marketing Authorisation Applications (“MAA”), either
under the so-called centralized or national authorization procedures. Centralized
Procedure The
centralized procedure provides for the grant of a single marketing authorization following a favorable opinion by the European Medicines
Agency (the “EMA”), that is valid in all EU Member States, as well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. The centralized
procedure is compulsory for medicines produced by specified biotechnological processes, products designated as orphan medicinal products,
advanced therapy medicines (such as gene-therapy, somatic cell-therapy or tissue-engineered medicines) and products with a new active
substance indicated for the treatment of specified diseases, such as HIV/AIDS, cancer, diabetes, neurodegenerative disorders or autoimmune
diseases and other immune dysfunctions and viral diseases. The centralized procedure is optional for products that represent a significant
therapeutic, scientific or technical innovation, or whose authorization would be in the interest of public health. Under the centralized
procedure, the maximum timeframe for the evaluation of an MAA by the EMA is 210 days, excluding clock stops, when additional written
or oral information is to be provided by the applicant in response to questions asked by the Committee for Medicinal Products for Human
Use (the “CHMP”). Accelerated assessment might be granted by the CHMP in exceptional cases when a medicinal product is expected
to be of a major public health interest, particularly from the point of view of therapeutic innovation. The timeframe for the evaluation
of an MAA under the accelerated assessment procedure is 150 days, excluding clock stops. National
Authorization Procedures There
are also two other possible routes to authorize medicinal products in several EU countries, which are available for investigational medicinal
products that fall outside the scope of the centralized procedure: ● Decentralized
    procedure. Using the decentralized procedure, an applicant may apply for simultaneous authorization in more than one EU country of
    medicinal products that have not yet been authorized in any EU country and that do not fall within the mandatory scope of the centralized
    procedure. ● Mutual
    recognition procedure. In the mutual recognition procedure, a medicine is first authorized in one EU Member State, in accordance
    with the national procedures of that country. Following this, further marketing authorizations can be sought from other EU countries
    in a procedure whereby the countries concerned agree to recognize the validity of the original, national marketing authorization. Under
the above-described procedures, before granting an MAA, the EMA or the competent authorities of the Member States of the European Economic
Area (the “EEA”), assess the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality,
safety and efficacy. 24 EU
Regulatory Exclusivity In
the EU, new products authorized for marketing (i.e., reference products) qualify for eight years of data exclusivity and an additional
two years of market exclusivity upon marketing authorization. The data exclusivity period prevents generic applicants from relying on
the preclinical and clinical trial data contained in the dossier of the reference product when applying for a generic marketing authorization
in the EU during a period of eight years from the date on which the reference product was first authorized in the EU. The market exclusivity
period prevents a successful generic applicant from commercializing its product in the EU until ten years have elapsed from the initial
authorization of the reference product in the EU. The ten-year market exclusivity period can be extended to a maximum of eleven years
if, during the first eight years of those ten years, the marketing authorization holder obtains an authorization for one or more new
therapeutic indications which, during the scientific evaluation prior to their authorization, are held to bring a significant clinical
benefit in comparison with existing therapies. Drug
Approval-Related Regulations – Rest of the World For
other countries outside of the EU and the U.S., such as countries in Eastern Europe, Latin America or Asia, the requirements governing
the conduct of clinical trials, product licensing, pricing and reimbursement vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. Additionally, the
clinical trials must be conducted in accordance with cGCP requirements and the applicable regulatory requirements and the ethical principles
that have their origin in the Declaration of Helsinki. If we fail to comply with applicable foreign regulatory requirements, we may be
subject to, among other things, fines, suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approvals, product recalls, seizure of products, operating
restrictions and criminal prosecution. Pricing
and Reimbursement of our Product Candidates Significant
uncertainty exists as to the coverage and reimbursement status of any products we sell or may sell. Sales of our drug products will depend,
in part, on the extent to which the costs of the products will be covered by third-party payors, including government health programs
such as VA, Tricare, Medicare and Medicaid, commercial health insurers, and other managed care organizations. In
order to obtain coverage and reimbursement for our drug product, we will conduct extensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate
the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our product. Whether or not we conduct such studies, our products may not be considered
medically necessary or cost-effective. A third-party payor’s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an
adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor’s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure
that other payors will also provide coverage, and adequate reimbursement, for the product. Third-party reimbursement may not be sufficient
to enable us to maintain price levels high enough to realize an appropriate return on our investment in product development. The
containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state and foreign governments, and the prices of drugs have been a
focus in this effort. Third-party payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products, examining the medical
necessity and reviewing the cost-effectiveness of drug products and questioning product safety and efficacy. If these third-party payors
do not consider our product to be cost-effective compared to other available products, they may not cover our product or, if they do,
the level of reimbursement may not be sufficient to allow us to realize a profit on the use of our product. The U.S. government, state
legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs to limit the growth of
government-paid healthcare costs, including price controls and restrictions on reimbursement. Adoption of such controls and measures,
and tightening of restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could limit payments for our product and
could adversely affect our net revenue and results. In
August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act (the “IRA”) was signed into law, which, among other things, requires manufacturers
of certain drugs to engage in price negotiations with Medicare (beginning in 2026), imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare
Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation, and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting
program. Gedatolisib, if approved, will be subject to these provisions of the IRA, and we have taken these provisions into account when developing our business strategy, operations, and our projected financial condition and results. In addition, changes to the Medicaid
program or the federal 340B drug pricing program, which imposes ceilings on prices that drug manufacturers can charge for medications
sold to certain health care facilities, could have a material impact on our business following commercialization. We expect to see continued
focus by Congress and the Trump Administration on regulating drug pricing, which could result in legislative and regulatory changes designed
to control costs. 25 Pricing
and reimbursement schemes vary widely from country to country. Some countries may require the completion of additional studies that compare
the cost-effectiveness of a particular drug product to currently available drugs. The downward pressure on healthcare costs in general,
particularly prescription drugs, has become intense. As a result, increasingly high barriers are being erected to the entry of new drug
products. In addition, in some countries, cross-border imports from low-priced markets exert competitive pressure that may reduce pricing
within a country. Any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for drug products may not allow favorable reimbursement
and pricing arrangements for our product. Coverage
policies, third-party reimbursement rates and pricing regulation may change at any time. Other
Healthcare Laws Manufacturing,
sales, promotion and other activities following product approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in
the U.S. in addition to the FDA, including CMS, the HHS Office of Inspector General and HHS Office for Civil Rights, other divisions
of the HHS, the Department of Justice, and state regulatory bodies including Boards of Pharmacy and Price Transparency Boards. Healthcare
systems, physicians, pharmacists, and third-party payors will play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any products
for which we obtain marketing approval. Our current and future arrangements with third-party payors, healthcare systems, physicians and
pharmacists may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business
or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our drug product. In the U.S., these laws include,
without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback, false claims, physician payment transparency, and patient data privacy and security
laws and regulations, including but not limited to those described below. The
U.S. federal Anti-Kickback Statute (the “AKS”) prohibits, among other things, any person or entity from knowingly and willfully
offering, paying, soliciting, receiving or providing any remuneration, directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, to induce or in return
for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for or recommending the purchase, lease or order of any good, facility, item or service
reimbursable, in whole or in part, under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. The term “remuneration”
has been broadly interpreted to include anything of value. The AKS has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical
and medical device manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, formulary managers and beneficiaries on the other hand.
A person does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation
of the AKS. Moreover,
a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the AKS constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the
federal civil False Claims Act, which imposes civil penalties, including through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, against individuals
or entities (including manufacturers) for, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented to federal programs (including
Medicare and Medicaid) claims for items or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed,
or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. This could apply even if we are not submitting claims directly to payors as would
be the case with sales of drug products. In
addition, under a federal law directed at “self-referral,” commonly known as the “Stark Law,” there are prohibitions,
with certain exceptions, on referrals for certain designated health services, including laboratory services, that are covered by the
Medicare and Medicaid programs by physicians who personally, or through a family member, have an investment or ownership interest in,
or a compensation arrangement with, an entity performing the tests. The prohibition also extends to payment for any testing referred
in violation of the Stark Law. Bills submitted in violation of the Stark Law may not be paid by Medicare or Medicaid, and there may be
significant penalties for violations. Many states have comparable laws that are not limited to Medicare and Medicaid referrals. These
regulations present compliance and litigation risks for our business and others in our industry. We incur compliance-related expenses
and expect to incur additional expenses if and when our products are commercialized. We may be subject to penalties or limitations on
government program participation if we are found to have violated these regulations. 26 The
federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) created additional federal criminal statutes
that prohibit, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud or to obtain, by
means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations or promises, any money or property owned by, or under the control or custody
of, any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare
benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing
or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of
or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the AKS, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge
of the statute or specific intent to violate it in order to have committed a violation. In
addition, there has been a recent trend of increased federal and state regulation of payments made to physicians and certain other healthcare
providers, and their ownership and investment interests. The Affordable Care Act, imposed, among other things, annual reporting requirements
through the Physician Payments Sunshine Act for covered manufacturers for certain payments and “transfers of value” to these
providers. Failure to submit timely, accurately and completely the required information for all payments, transfers of value and ownership
or investment interests may result in civil monetary penalties. We
may also be subject to data privacy and security regulation by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our
business. HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (“HITECH”), and
their respective implementing regulations, impose specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of
individually identifiable health information held by covered entities and their business associates. Among other things, HITECH made
HIPAA’s security standards directly applicable to “business associates,” defined as independent contractors or
agents of covered entities that create, receive, maintain or transmit protected health information in connection with providing a
service for or on behalf of a covered entity. Although we are not a “covered entity” and we would not be considered a
“business associate” in the normal course of our business and therefore not regulated by HIPAA, our business frequently interacts with covered entities and business associates
who are subject to HIPAA. In addition, state laws govern the privacy and security of
health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same
requirements, thus complicating compliance efforts. See “International Data Collection” below for a discussion of data
privacy and security enactments of the EU. At
the state level, the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended and expanded by the California Privacy Rights Act (collectively,
the “CCPA”), imposes data protection obligations on certain businesses. Although we are not currently regulated by any comprehensive state privacy law, we expect we will be regulated by
such laws in the future as our business develops. While there are certain limited exceptions under
the CCPA for clinical trial data and other health data that would apply to us, these regulations exemplify the vulnerability of our
business to the evolving regulatory environment related to personal data and protected health information, which causes us to incur
compliance costs. Privacy legislation similar to the CCPA has been adopted in many other U.S. states, and regulation of the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information remains a common focus of state legislation. States
and foreign jurisdictions also have fraud and abuse laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may
apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services. Some state laws also require pharmaceutical
companies to comply with the brand pharmaceutical industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines (i.e., the PhRMA Code) and the
relevant federal government compliance guidances, and require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other
transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers, marketing expenditures, or drug pricing. In
order to sell products, we will need to comply with state laws, including those that require the registration of manufacturers and wholesale
distributors of drug and biological products. Several states have enacted legislation requiring pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies
to establish marketing compliance programs, file periodic reports with the state, make periodic public disclosures on sales, marketing,
pricing, clinical trials and other activities, and/or register their sales representatives, as well as to prohibit pharmacies and other
healthcare entities from providing certain physician prescribing data to pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for use in sales
and marketing, and to prohibit certain other sales and marketing practices. If and when we commercialize our products, all of our activities
are potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 27 The
scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment, especially in light
of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of these laws or any other
governmental regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages,
fines, disgorgement, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, imprisonment, exclusion of drugs
from government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our business strategy
operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other
agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business
and our financial results. If any of the physicians or other healthcare providers or entities with whom we expect to do business is found
to be not in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to significant criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including
exclusions from government funded healthcare programs. Ensuring business arrangements comply with applicable healthcare laws, as well
as responding to possible investigations by government authorities, can be time- and resource consuming and can divert a company’s
attention from the business. International
Data Collection Our
contract research organizations (“CROs”) and clinical investigators involved in our clinical trials may collect,
receive, store, process, use, generate, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit and share
(collectively, “process”) personal data as defined in data protection laws, from individuals residing outside the U.S.
Accordingly, we are subject to numerous foreign privacy and security laws regulating the collection, use, safeguarding, transfer and
other processing of personal data. Globally,
virtually every jurisdiction in which we operate has established its own data security and privacy frameworks with which we must
comply. For example, in the EU/EEA, we are subject to the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the “EU GDPR”), and
associated Data Protection Legislation, which govern the collection and use of personal data as it pertains to individuals residing
in the EU/EEA. This legislation imposes several requirements, including, but not limited to: providing information to individuals
regarding data processing activities, implementing safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data,
processing personal data only under one of the six lawful bases for processing, managing
contractual relationships with vendors and other third parties, and notifying the appointment of a data protection officer to
the relevant EU/EEA competent national data protection authorities. The EU GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of
personal data outside of the EU/EEA. Personal data transferred to a jurisdiction outside the EU/EEA that does not provide adequate
protection for personal data (an “adequate jurisdiction”) must be protected by standard contractual clauses (a standard
form of contract approved by the European Commission). Currently, the U.S. is only an adequate jurisdiction for companies that
certify to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework. As we are not certified to the EU-U.S. Data Privacy Framework, we must rely on
standard contractual clauses and other Article 45 protections when transferring personal data from the EU/EEA to the U.S. Companies
that must comply with the EU GDPR face increased compliance obligations and risk, including more robust regulatory enforcement of
data protection requirements and potential fines for noncompliance of up to €20 million or 4% of the annual global revenue of
the noncompliant company, whichever is greater. The EU GDPR also confers a private right of action in some circumstances on data
subjects and consumer associations to lodge complaints with supervisory authorities, seek judicial remedies, and obtain compensation
for damages resulting from violations of the EU GDPR. We have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, compliance expenses in
connection with the EU GDPR. If we are found to be in violation of the EU GDPR, our product development timeline may be affected,
which would potentially affect our ability to generate revenue and might impact our competitive position. Further,
following the withdrawal of the United Kingdom from the EU, we have to comply with the GDPR as implemented in the United Kingdom (the
“UK GDPR”). The UK GDPR penalty structure mirrors the EU GDPR and has the ability to fine up to the greater of €20 million/£17
million or 4% of global turnover. The European Commission has adopted an adequacy decision in favor of the United Kingdom, enabling data
transfers from European Union member states to the United Kingdom without additional safeguards. However, the framework for transfer
of personal data from the UK to jurisdictions outside the UK, EU, or EEA is different from the EU GDPR. The UK has implemented its own
standard contractual clauses to protect UK personal data transferred to countries that are not adequate jurisdictions. Current
and Future Legislation In
the U.S. and other jurisdictions, continued healthcare reform measures may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward
pressure on the price that we, or any collaborators, may receive. Individual states in the U.S. have also been increasingly passing legislation
and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement
constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some
cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Regulations may also prevent or delay marketing approval
of our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any product candidates. Other
Regulatory Requirements Our
operations use small amounts of hazardous materials in research and development and generate regulated medical waste in the normal course
of performing our laboratory tests. This subjects us to a variety of federal, state and local environmental and safety laws and regulations.
Some of the regulations under the current regulatory structure provide for strict liability, holding a party potentially liable without
regard to fault or negligence. We could be held liable for damages and fines as a result of our, or others’, business operations
should contamination of the environment or individual exposure to hazardous substances occur. We cannot predict how changes in laws or
development of new regulations will affect our business operations or the cost of compliance. 28 Corporate
History We
were organized as a Minnesota limited liability company in 2011 and commenced operations in 2012. On September 15, 2017, we converted
from a Minnesota limited liability company into a Delaware corporation and changed our name from Celcuity LLC to Celcuity Inc. Employees
and Labor Relations As
of December 31, 2025, we had 155 full-time employees, most of which were engaged in research and development activities, though hiring
employees in preparation for anticipated commercial launch has begun. None of our employees are currently represented by a labor union
or covered by a collective bargaining agreement and we believe that our relations with our employees are good. During 2025, our voluntary
turnover rate was approximately 4%. Information
About Our Executive Officers The
following table sets forth information concerning our executive officers. Name Age Position Brian
    F. Sullivan 64 Chief
    Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board Lance
    G. Laing, Ph.D. 64 Chief
    Science Officer, Vice President, Secretary and Director Vicky
    Hahne 59 Chief
    Financial Officer Brian
F. Sullivan is our co-founder and has served as Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer since we commenced operations in
2012. Mr. Sullivan has over 30 years of experience founding and building successful, high-growth technology companies. He was Chairman
and CEO of SterilMed, a medical device reprocessing company, from 2003, when he led an investment group to acquire a majority interest,
until its sale to Ethicon Endo-Surgery Inc., a Johnson & Johnson company, for $330 million in 2011. Previously, he was co-founder
and Chief Executive Officer of Recovery Engineering, a filtration company, which he took public and subsequently sold to Procter &
Gamble for $265 million in 1999. Mr. Sullivan previously served on the board of directors of two publicly-held companies, Entegris, Inc.
and Virtual Radiologic Inc. Mr. Sullivan has received nine U.S. patents and has several patents pending. He graduated magna cum laude with distinction from Harvard College with an A.B. in economics. Lance
G. Laing, Ph.D. is our co-Founder and has served as Chief Science Officer, Vice President, Secretary and a director since we
commenced operations in 2012. Dr. Laing’s career spans more than 20 years in drug discovery research and technology
development. He received his doctorate in biophysics and biochemistry from The Johns Hopkins University and completed a National
Institutes of Health post-doctoral fellowship at Washington University Medical School in biophysics. He has received 27 U.S. patents
and has several U.S. patents pending. His drug discovery research career began at Scriptgen/Anadys Pharmaceuticals (purchased
by Novartis), where he worked under Professor Peter Kim. He also was Director of Chemistry and Bioapplications and Director of
Detection Product Development for two companies that each developed instruments similar to those used by Celcuity. His work at these
two instrument companies gave him unique expertise and experience in developing a variety of patented applications for these
instruments. Most recently, he served as an executive director for an international drug discovery and development
company. Vicky
Hahne joined as our Chief Financial Officer in July 2017. She has more than 25 years of financial leadership experience, including
the most recent 20 years in the healthcare industry. Prior to joining Celcuity, Ms. Hahne served as Controller of Respiratory Technologies
Inc., a medical device manufacturer, from 2015 to 2017. While at Respiratory Technologies, she played a key role in the due diligence
process to sell the company to Koninklijke Philips. In 2014, she served as Controller for Ability Network Inc., a healthcare information
technology company. From 2007 to 2012, Ms. Hahne served as Controller of SterilMed Inc., a medical device reprocessing company, where
she was significantly involved in the sale of the company to Johnson & Johnson. Prior to these roles, Ms. Hahne held several senior
financial positions at SimonDelivers Inc., including Chief Financial Officer. Ms. Hahne has extensive experience in early stage, high
growth companies with responsibilities including financial controls and stewardship, financial analysis, mergers and acquisitions, building
infrastructure and systems. She received a B.S. degree in Finance and Accounting from Northern State University and received her CPA
certificate in 1990. 29 ITEM
1A.

