TICKER: CEPO
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
suppliers of laboratory products and services. Mr. Sharp also served as a director of CF Finance
Acquisition Corp. from March 2019 until consummation of its business combination with GCM Grosvenor, Inc. in
November 2020, as a director of CFAC III from November 2020 until consummation of its business combination with AEye
in August 2021, as a director of CFAC VIII from March 2022 until consummation of its business combination with XBP in November 2023 and as a director of CFAC VII from December 2021 to December 2024 when it liquidated.
Mr. Sharp is a member of the Advisory Board of Mount Sinai Hospital, and recently completed his seven year term as a member of
the Steering Committee of Duke University’s Financial Economics Center. Mr. Sharp received his B.A. in Economics, Phi
Beta Kappa, Summa Cum Laude, from Union College, and his M.B.A in Finance from Columbia University, where he was a Samuel Bronfman
Fellow. We believe that Mr. Sharp is qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to his extensive investment, public
company and management experience. 34 Charlotte Blechman has served as a member
of the Board since January 2026. Ms. Blechman has extensive executive and management experience in marketing, public relations, visual
merchandising, branding, digital and social marketing, advertising and communications. Ms. Blechman currently serves as a Senior Managing
Director of ACTUM, a strategic advisory firm, a position she has held since November 2025, where she will lead a buildout of a global
Fashion, Lifestyle and Luxury consultancy through targeted recruitment and key acquisitions. Ms. Blechman has also served as a director
of Lightwave Acquisition Corp. since June 2025. From October 2024 to August 2025, Ms. Blechman previously served as a consultant for alice
and olivia, a women’s contemporary lifestyle brand. From January 2017 to June 2023, Ms. Blechman served as Chief Marketing Officer
of Tom Ford Retail LLC where she was responsible for all global marketing, communications, advertising, public relations, visual display,
customer relationship management, digital marketing, events and global marketing initiatives. Ms. Blechman previously served as a director
of CF Finance Acquisition Corp. II from November 2020 until consummation of its business combination with View, Inc. in March 2021, a
director of CFAC VIII from March 2021 until consummation of its business combination with XBP in November 2023, as a director of
CEP from August 2024 until consummation of its business combination with Twenty One in December 2025 and as a director of CFAC IV from
December 2020 to December 2023 when it liquidated. From 2011 to 2017, Ms. Blechman served as Executive Vice-President of Marketing and
Communication at Barneys New York. Prior to that, Ms. Blechman served as Gucci America’s Vice President of Public Relations and
Special Events, also overseeing Worldwide Celebrity Relations. She also served as Vice President of Public Relations for Yves Saint Laurent.
The Company believes that Ms. Blechman is qualified to serve as a member of the Board due to her extensive experience in business management. Family Relationships No family relationships exist between any of
our directors or executive officers. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings There are no material proceedings to which any
director or executive officer has been involved in the last ten years that are material to an evaluation of the ability or integrity of
any director or officer. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors We have five directors. Prior to the closing of
the Business Combination, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will be entitled to vote on the appointment and removal of directors
or continuing the company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to adopt new constitutional
documents as a result of our approving a transfer by way of continuation to a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands). Holders of Public
Shares will not be entitled to vote on these matters during such time. The provisions of the Memorandum and Articles relating to these
rights of holders of Class B ordinary shares may be amended by a special resolution passed by at least 90% of the Ordinary Shares voting
in a general meeting. Approval of the Business Combination will require the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board. The Board is divided into two classes with only
one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general
meeting of shareholders) serving a two-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required
to hold an annual general meeting until December 31, 2027, one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The
term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Barnard and Mr. Sharp, will expire at our first annual general
meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. Lutnick, Mr. Salinas and Ms. Blechman, will
expire at the second annual general meeting. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after we consummate the Business Combination.
Subject to the terms of any preference shares, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any time, but only for cause
and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote
generally in the appointment of directors, voting together as a single class; provided, however, that prior to the consummation of the
Business Combination, any or all of the directors may be removed from office, for cause or not for cause, only by the affirmative vote
of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares. Subject to any other special
rights applicable to the shareholders, including holders of preference shares, whenever any director shall have been elected by the holders
of any class of shares voting separately as a class, such director may be removed and the vacancy filled only by the holders of that class
of shares voting separately as a class. Vacancies caused by any such removal and not filled by the shareholders at the meeting at which
such removal shall have been made, or any vacancy caused by the death or resignation of any director or for any other reason, and any
newly created directorship resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors, may be filled by the affirmative vote of
a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, and in any case, prior to the consummation of the Business Combination,
by a majority of the holders of the Class B ordinary shares, and any director so elected to fill any such vacancy or newly created directorship
shall hold office until his or her successor is elected and qualified or until his or her earlier resignation or removal. 35 Our officers are appointed by the Board and serve
at the discretion of the Board, rather than for specific terms of office. The Board is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set
forth in the Memorandum and Articles as it deems appropriate. The Memorandum and Articles provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman
of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Senior Managing Directors, Managing Directors, President, Vice Presidents,
Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the Board. Controlled Company Exemption Prior to the consummation of the Business Combination,
only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment or removal of directors. As a result, Nasdaq considers
us to be a “controlled company” within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under these rules, a company
may elect to utilize exemptions from certain of Nasdaq’s corporate governance requirements, including the requirements (a) that
a majority of the Board consists of independent directors; (b) for an annual performance evaluation of the nominating and corporate governance
and compensation committees; (c) that the controlled company has a nominating and corporate governance committee that is composed entirely
of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s purpose and responsibilities; and (d) that the controlled
company has a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee’s
purpose and responsibility. We have relied, and intend to continue to rely, on certain of these exemptions from the corporate governance
requirements of Nasdaq. As a result, our shareholders may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are
subject to all of the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. Committees of the Board of Directors The Board has two standing committees: the Audit
Committee and the Compensation Committee. Subject to phase-in rules and certain limited exceptions, Nasdaq rules and Rule 10A-3 under
the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates
under a charter that has been approved by the Board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. Audit Committee Douglas R. Barnard, Robert G. Sharp and
Charlotte Blechman serve as members of the Audit Committee, and Mr. Barnard chairs the Audit Committee. Under the Nasdaq listing
standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members of the Audit Committee, all of whom must be
independent, subject to certain phase-in provisions. Each of Douglas R. Barnard, Robert G. Sharp and Charlotte Blechman meet the
independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b) (1) under the Exchange Act. Each member of the Audit Committee is financially
literate and the Board has determined that Mr. Barnard qualifies as an “audit committee financial expert” as defined in applicable
SEC rules. We have adopted an Audit Committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the Audit Committee, including, among other things: ● the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; ● pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; ● setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; ● setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; ● obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm’s internal quality-control procedures, (ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm’s independence; ● reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and ● reviewing with management, the independent registered public accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 36 Compensation Committee Robert G. Sharp, Douglas R. Barnard and
Charlotte Blechman serve as members of the Compensation Committee and Mr. Sharp chairs the Compensation Committee. Each of Mr.
Sharp, Mr. Barnard and Ms. Blechman is independent. We have adopted a Compensation Committee charter,
which details the principal functions of the Compensation Committee, including, among other things: ● reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; ● reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation, if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; ● reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; ● implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; ● assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; ● approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; ● if required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and ● reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. The charter also provides that the Compensation
Committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will
be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving
advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the Compensation Committee will consider the independence
of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Director Nominations We do not have a standing nominating committee
though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. As there
is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. Generally, companies are required by Rule 5605
of the Nasdaq rules to select director nominees through either (i) a vote solely of independent directors or (ii) a nominations committee
comprised solely of independent directors. However, we rely on the “controlled company” exemption and are therefore exempt
from this requirement. Director candidates may be nominated by the holders
of Class B ordinary shares, which have the exclusive right to vote on directors prior to the Business Combination. The Board will also
consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our other shareholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees
to stand for election at the next annual general meeting (or, if applicable, an extraordinary general meeting). Our shareholders that
wish to nominate a director for appointment to the Board should follow the procedures set forth in the Memorandum and Articles. However,
prior to the Business Combination, holders of Public Shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to
the Board. We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the Board considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity,
professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. 37 Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serves, or in the
past year has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on the Board. Trading Policies On January 6, 2025, we adopted insider trading
policies and procedures governing the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our securities by directors, officers and employees,
which are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and the applicable Nasdaq Rules
(the “Insider Trading Policy”). The foregoing description of the Insider Trading
Policy does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the terms and conditions of the Insider Trading Policy, a copy
of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 19 and is incorporated herein by reference. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to
our directors, officers and employees. We have filed a copy of our Code of Ethics and our audit and compensation committee charters as
exhibits to the Registration Statement. Shareholders are able to review these documents by accessing our public filings at the SEC’s
web site at www.sec.gov . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We
intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics, including any implicit waiver from a provision
of the Code of Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller
or persons performing similar functions requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Item 11. Executive Compensation. Except as described below, none of our officers
or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Except as described below, to date, no compensation of any
kind, including any finder’s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, has been or will
be paid by us to our officers and directors, or, other than as described herein, to the Sponsor or any affiliate of the Sponsor or our
officers, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of the Business Combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is). However, we have agreed to pay cash fees to our independent directors of $50,000 per year, payable
quarterly. We pay an amount equal to $10,000 per month to the Sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services.
In addition, our officers and directors will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our
behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. The Audit Committee
reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor, our officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such
payments prior to the Business Combination will be made using funds held outside of the Trust Account. Other than quarterly Audit Committee
review of such payments, we do not have nor do we expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments
to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with identifying and consummating the Business Combination. We have engaged CF&Co. pursuant to the BCMA
as an advisor in connection with the Business Combination to assist us in holding meetings with our shareholders to discuss the potential
Business Combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing
our securities and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. We will pay the Marketing
Fee to CF&Co. for such services upon the consummation of the Business Combination, including the BSTR Business Combination. 38 We and Pubco have engaged CF&Co. pursuant to
a letter agreement, dated July 17, 2025 (the “Private Placement Engagement Letter”), for CF&Co. to act as the lead placement
agent for the Private Placement Investments. Pursuant to the Private Placement Engagement Letter, for the services provided thereto, CF&Co.
will receive a cash fee at the Closing equal to up to approximately $54,500,000, which is equal to the sum of (i) 5.0% of the gross
proceeds received by Pubco and us pursuant to the CEPO Cash Equity PIPE (assuming that all CEPO Cash Equity PIPE Investors fund their
commitments in their CEPO Cash Equity PIPE Subscription Agreements); (ii) 4.5% of the gross proceeds received by Pubco and us pursuant
to the Preferred Stock Private Placements and the exercise of the Preferred Stock Option (assuming that the Preferred Stock Investors
and the July Convertible Notes Investors who exercised the Preferred Stock Option fund their commitments in their Preferred Stock Subscription
Agreements and Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements); and (iii) 4.0% of the gross proceeds received by Pubco and us pursuant
to the Convertible Notes Private Placement, excluding the Preferred Stock Option (assuming that the Convertible Notes Investors fund their
commitments in their Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements); provided that 1% of each such fee is payable at the sole discretion of
Pubco; provided, further, that such fees are reduced with respect to proceeds received from certain investors; and provided further, that
the amount of such fee will be reduced by an amount equal to the product of (a) 3.5%, (b) $10.00 and (c) the number of
Public Shares redeemed in connection with the BSTR Business Combination. No fee is payable to CF&Co. for the proceeds raised pursuant
to the CEPO BTC Equity PIPE and the Newco Private Placement. We will also reimburse CF&Co. at Closing for all reasonable and documented
out-of-pocket expenses incurred by CF&Co. in connection with CF&Co. rendering its services under the Private Placement Engagement
Letter, the aggregate amount of which will not exceed $40,000. We have also engaged CF&Co. pursuant to a letter
agreement, dated July 17, 2025 (the “M&A Engagement Letter”), for CF&Co. to act as our exclusive financial advisor
for the BSTR Business Combination. Pursuant to the M&A Engagement Letter, for the services provided thereto, CF&Co. will receive
a cash fee at the Closing equal to $15,000,000. After the completion of the Business Combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed Business Combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such
fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed Business Combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible
for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the
Board for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent
directors on the Board. However, none of our directors or officers are expected to remain with us after the closing of the BSTR Business
Combination. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that
members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of the Business Combination. The existence or terms
of any employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us following the Business Combination may influence our management’s
motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after
the consummation of the Business Combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination.
We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Compensation Recovery and Clawback Policy The Board has approved the
adoption of the Executive Compensation Clawback Policy, effective as of January 6, 2025 (the “Clawback Policy”), a
copy of which is attached hereto as Exhibit 97 , in order to comply with Rule 10D-1 under the Exchange Act and Nasdaq Listing Rule
5608. At no time during the fiscal year covered by this Report were we required to prepare an accounting
restatement that required recovery of an erroneously awarded compensation pursuant to the Clawback Policy. 39 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
and Related Shareholder Matters. The following table sets forth information regarding
the beneficial ownership of the Ordinary Shares as of February 27, 2026 based on information obtained from the persons named
below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of Ordinary Shares, by: ● each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding Ordinary Shares; ● each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns Ordinary Shares; and ● all our executive officers and directors as a group. In the table below, percentage ownership is based
on 25,500,000 Ordinary Shares, consisting of (i) 20,500,000 Class A ordinary shares and (ii) 5,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, in each
case, issued and outstanding as of February 27, 2026. On all matters to be voted upon, except for the appointment and removal of
directors or continuing the company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to adopt new
constitutional documents as a result of our approving a transfer by way of continuation to a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands)
or as otherwise required by applicable law, holders of Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares vote together as a single class.
Currently, all of the Class B ordinary shares are convertible into Class A ordinary shares on a one-for-one basis. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all Ordinary Shares beneficially owned by them. Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Ordinary Shares Approximate Name and Address of Beneficial
    Owner Number of Shares Beneficially
    Owned Approximate Percentage of Class Number of Shares Beneficially
    Owned Approximate Percentage of Class Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares Directors and Officers (1) Brandon
    G. Lutnick (2) 500,000 2.4 % 5,000,000 100 % 21.6 % Jane Novak — — — — — Danny H. Salinas — — — — — Robert G. Sharp — — — — — Douglas R. Barnard — — — — — Charlotte Blechman — — — — — All executive officers and directors as a group (6 individuals) 500,000 2.4 % 5,000,000 100 % 21.6 % Other 5% Shareholders Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC (2) 500,000 2.4 % 5,000,000 100 % 21.6 % Barclays Bank PLC (3) 1,705,935 8.3 % — — 6.7 % Anson Funds Management LP (4) 2,039,750 9.9 % 7.9 % Meteora Capital, LLC (5) 2,949,729 14.3 % — — 11.5 % (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the
following entities or individuals is c/o Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc., 110 East 59 th Street, New York, NY 10022. (2) Cantor EP Holdings I, LLC, the Sponsor, is the record
holder of such shares. Cantor is the sole member of the Sponsor. CFGM is the managing general partner of Cantor and controls Cantor.
Brandon G. Lutnick is the controlling trustee of the trusts owning all of the voting shares of CFGM and the Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer of CFGM. As such, each of Cantor, CFGM and Mr. Lutnick may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the Ordinary Shares
held directly by the Sponsor. Each such entity or person disclaims any beneficial ownership of the reported shares other than to the
extent of any pecuniary interest they may have therein, directly or indirectly. The principal business address of the Sponsor is 110
East 59 th Street, New York, NY 10022. 40 (3) According to a Schedule 13G filed on May 13, 2025,
by Barclays Bank PLC. The business address of the reporting person is 1 Churchill Place, London — E14 5HP. (4) According to a Schedule 13G filed on February 6, 2026
by Anson Funds Management LP, Anson Management GP LLC, Mr. Tony Moore, Anson Advisors Inc., Mr. Amin Nathoo and Mr. Moez Kassam. Anson
Funds Management LP and Anson Advisors Inc. serve as co-investment advisors (collectively, the “Funds”). Anson Funds Management
LP and Anson Advisors Inc. serve as co-investment advisors to the Funds and may direct the vote and disposition of the 2,039,750 Class
A ordinary shares held by the Funds. As the general partner of Anson Funds Management LP, Anson Management GP LLC may direct the vote
and disposition of the 2,039,750 Class A ordinary shares held by the Funds. As the principal of Anson Fund Management LP and Anson Management
GP LLC, Mr. Moore may direct the vote and disposition of the 2,039,750 Class A ordinary shares held by the Funds. As directors of Anson
Advisors Inc., Mr. Nathoo and Mr. Kassam may each direct the vote and disposition of the 2,039,750 Class A ordinary shares held by the
Funds. The business address of Anson Funds Management LP, Anson Management GP LLC and Mr. Moore is 16000 Dallas Parkway, Suite 800 Dallas,
Texas 75248 and the business address of Anson Advisors Inc., Mr. Nathoo and Mr. Kassam is 181 Bay Street, Suite 4200 Toronto, ON M5J
2T3. (5) According to a Schedule 13G filed on December 8, 2025,
by Meteora Capital, LLC and Vik Mittal. The business address of the reporting persons is 1200 N Federal Hwy, #200, Boca Raton FL
33432 The Sponsor and our officers and directors are
deemed to be our “promoters” as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans None. Changes in Control None. For more information on the BSTR Business
Combination, please see Item 1. “Business”. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence. In November 2020, the Sponsor purchased 14,375,000
Class B ordinary shares for a purchase price of $25,000. On May 21, 2024, the Sponsor surrendered, for no consideration, 9,375,000 Class
B ordinary shares, which we cancelled, resulting in a decrease in the total number of Class B ordinary shares outstanding from 14,375,000 shares
to 5,000,000 shares. The Founder Shares (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof) may not, subject
to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder. The Sponsor, pursuant to a written agreement, purchased
500,000 Private Placement Shares for a purchase price of $10.00 per share, or $5,000,000 in the aggregate, in the Private Placement. The
Private Placement Shares are identical to the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering except that (i) the Private
Placement Shares may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder until 30 days after
the completion of the Business Combination and (ii) holders of the Private Placement Shares will be entitled to certain registration
rights. Each of our officers and directors presently has,
and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties to one or more other entities
pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity, including the active
Cantor SPAC or to clients of Cantor or other affiliates of the Sponsor or our officers or directors, subject to their fiduciary duties
under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, if the BSTR Business Combination is not consummated, they may have conflicts of interest in determining
to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. The Memorandum and Articles provide that, to the fullest extent
permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent
expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of
business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential
transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. These conflicts
may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. For
example, a business combination opportunity may be suitable for an active Cantor SPAC and us and our officers and directors who are officers
and directors of such Cantor SPAC may, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, choose to direct such opportunity to
such Cantor SPAC before presenting it to us, meaning we could find less suitable acquisition opportunities and could limit our ability
to find a Business Combination that we find attractive. However, based on the existing relationships of the Sponsor and our directors
and officers, the fact that we may consummate a Business Combination with a target in a wide range of industries, as well as the experiences
of certain of our directors and officers and affiliates of the Sponsor with prior Cantor SPACs, as reflected by us entering into the BSTR
Business Combination, we do not believe that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or directors has or will
materially affect our ability to complete the Business Combination. 41 In order to minimize potential conflicts of interest
which may arise from multiple affiliations with SPACs sponsored by affiliates of Cantor, unless a Business Combination opportunity is
expressly offered to us or to one of our directors or officers solely in his or her capacity as our director and/or officer and such opportunity
is one we are permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, subject to their other legal obligations, we
expect that our officers and directors who are also officers and/or directors of other Cantor SPACs will present suitable target businesses
to us and the other Cantor SPACs based on which Cantor SPAC went public first and taking into account any contractual restrictions applicable
to each such Cantor SPAC and other reasonable considerations (such as the amount in trust of each applicable Cantor SPAC at such time,
whether the Business Combination opportunity is possible or suitable for a Cantor SPAC to pursue, and whether the Business Combination
with such target business can realistically be consummated in the time remaining for each such Cantor SPAC). We are not prohibited from pursuing the Business
Combination with a business that is affiliated with the Sponsor, its affiliates, or our officers or directors. In the event we do not
consummate the BSTR Business Combination and we seek to complete the Business Combination with a business that is affiliated with the
Sponsor, its affiliates or our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions that the Business Combination is fair to
our shareholders from a financial point of view. Other than as described below, no compensation
of any kind, including any finder’s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, has been or
will be paid by us to the Sponsor, our officers and directors, or any affiliate of the Sponsor or officers, prior to, or in connection
with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of the Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction
that it is). We pay cash fees to our independent directors of
$50,000 per year, payable quarterly. In addition, the Sponsor, our officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf
such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. The Audit Committee reviews
on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to the Sponsor or our officers or directors or our or their affiliates and determines
which expenses and the amount of expenses that are reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses
incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. Prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering,
pursuant to the Pre-IPO Note, the Sponsor agreed to loan us up to $300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public
Offering. The Pre-IPO Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and was due at the earlier of June 30, 2026 or the closing of the Initial
Public Offering. The Pre-IPO Note was repaid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering out of the estimated $750,000 of offering
proceeds that was allocated to the payment of offering expenses (other than underwriting commissions). On January 7, 2025, we began paying an amount equal
to $10,000 per month to the Sponsor for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services. Upon completion of the
Business Combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of the Business
Combination takes until the end of the Combination Period (unless extended by our shareholders), the Sponsor will be paid a total of $240,000
($10,000 per month) and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. We have engaged CF&Co. pursuant to the BCMA
as an advisor in connection with the Business Combination to assist us in holding meetings with our shareholders to discuss the potential
Business Combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing
our securities and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. We will pay the Marketing
Fee to CF&Co. upon the consummation of the Business Combination, including the BSTR Business Combination. 42 We have also engaged CF&Co., an affiliate of
the Sponsor, as a financial advisor and placement agent in connection with the BSTR Business Combination as further described below. In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with an intended Business Combination, the Sponsor has committed up to $1,750,000 in the Sponsor Loan to be provided to us to fund our
expenses relating to investigating and selecting a target business and other working capital requirements, including $10,000 per month
for office space, administrative and shared personnel support services that will be paid to the Sponsor. The Sponsor Loan does not bear
interest and is repayable by us to the Sponsor upon consummation of the Business Combination; provided that, at any time beginning 60
days after the date of the Initial Public Offering, at the Sponsor’s option, all or any portion of the amount outstanding under
the Sponsor Loan may be converted into Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of $10.00 per share. Otherwise, the Sponsor Loan
would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. If the Sponsor Loan is insufficient to cover the
working capital requirements of the Company, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan us additional Working Capital Loans. Any Working Capital Loans will be repayable by us upon consummation
of the Business Combination out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company; provided that, at any time beginning 60
days after the date of the Initial Public Offering, at the lender’s option, all or any portion of the amount outstanding under any
Working Capital Loans may be converted into Class A ordinary shares at a conversion price of $10.00 per share. If we are unable to consummate
the Business Combination, we may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital
Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Sponsor has also agreed to lend us up to $3,000,000
pursuant to the Sponsor Note in connection with each Redemption Event, such that an amount equal to $0.15 per Public Share being redeemed
in connection with the applicable Redemption Event will be added to the Trust Account and paid to the holders of the applicable redeemed
Public Shares on such Redemption Event. The Sponsor Note does not bear interest and is repayable by us to the Sponsor upon consummation
of the Business Combination; provided that, at any time beginning 60 days after the date of the Initial Public Offering, at the Sponsor’s
option, all or any portion of the amount outstanding under the Sponsor Note may be converted into Class A ordinary shares at a conversion
price of $10.00 per share. If we are unable to consummate the Business Combination, the Sponsor Note would be repaid only out of funds
held outside of the Trust Account. The Sponsor has waived any claims against the Trust Account in connection with the Sponsor Note. We have entered into a registration rights agreement
with the Sponsor with respect to the Founder Shares (only after conversion of such shares to Class A ordinary shares), the Private Placement
Shares and any Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion of up to $1,750,000 pursuant to the Sponsor Loan, any borrowings under the
Working Capital Loans, up to $3,000,000 pursuant to the Sponsor Note and any additional loans. The Sponsor is entitled to certain demand
and “piggyback” registration rights. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration
statements. We paid CF&Co. an aggregate of $4,000,000 (or
$0.20 per share) in underwriting discounts and commissions in connection with the Initial Public Offering. We also paid $100,000 to Odeon
Capital Group, LLC for acting as the “qualified independent underwriter” in the Initial Public Offering. 43 Engagement Letters On January 6, 2025, we and CF&Co. entered
into the BCMA, pursuant to which we engaged CF&Co. as an advisor in connection with a Business Combination to assist us in holding
meetings with our shareholders to discuss the potential Business Combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce us to
potential investors that are interested in purchasing our securities and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection
with the Business Combination. We will pay the Marketing Fee to CF&Co. for such services upon the consummation of a Business Combination,
including the BSTR Business Combination. On July 17, 2025, we, Pubco and CF&Co. entered
into the Private Placement Engagement Letter, pursuant to which we and Pubco engaged CF&Co. as the lead placement agent for the Private
Placement Investments. Pursuant to the Private Placement Engagement Letter, for the services provided thereto, CF&Co. will receive
a cash fee at the Closing equal to up to approximately $54,500,000, which is equal to the sum of (i) 5.0% of the gross proceeds received
by Pubco and us pursuant to the CEPO Cash Equity PIPE (assuming that all CEPO Cash Equity PIPE Investors fund their commitments in their
CEPO Cash Equity PIPE Subscription Agreements); (ii) 4.5% of the gross proceeds received by Pubco and us pursuant to the Preferred
Stock Private Placements and the exercise of the Preferred Stock Option (assuming that the Preferred Stock Investors and the July Convertible
Notes Investors who exercised the Preferred Stock Option fund their commitments in their Preferred Stock Subscription Agreements and Convertible
Notes Subscription Agreements); and (iii) 4.0% of the gross proceeds received by Pubco and us pursuant to the Convertible Notes Private
Placement, excluding the Preferred Stock Option (assuming that the Convertible Notes Investors fund their commitments in their Convertible
Notes Subscription Agreements); provided that 1% of each such fee is payable at the sole discretion of Pubco; provided, further, that
such fees are reduced with respect to proceeds received from certain investors; and provided further, that the amount of such fee will
be reduced by an amount equal to the product of (a) 3.5%, (b) $10.00 and (c) the number of Public Shares redeemed in connection
with the BSTR Business Combination. No fee is payable to CF&Co. for the proceeds raised pursuant to the CEPO BTC Equity PIPE and the
Newco Private Placement. We will also reimburse CF&Co. at Closing for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred
by CF&Co. in connection with CF&Co. rendering its services under the Private Placement Engagement Letter, the aggregate amount
of which will not exceed $40,000. Pursuant to the Private Placement Engagement Letter, CF&Co. also has a right to act, during the
period of its engagement and 12 months thereafter, as (i) Pubco’s lead managing underwriter, initial purchaser placement
agent and/or arranger for any subsequent financing and (ii) Pubco’s lead financial advisor for any potential acquisition, disposition
or other extraordinary corporate transaction involving Pubco or any of its subsidiaries, assets, securities or businesses, in each case,
on such other terms and conditions customary for CF&Co. for similar transactions, which terms and conditions will be embodied in one
or more separate written agreements, which agreements shall be based on CF&Co.’s customary form for the applicable financing
or transaction. On July 17, 2025, we and CF&Co. entered into
the M&A Engagement Letter, pursuant to which we engaged CF&Co. as our exclusive financial advisor for the BSTR Business Combination.
Pursuant to the M&A Engagement Letter, for the services provided thereto, CF&Co. will receive a cash fee at the Closing equal
to $15,000,000. CEPO Equity PIPEs Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, we and Pubco entered into the CEPO Cash Equity PIPE Subscription Agreements with the CEPO Cash Equity PIPE Investors,
pursuant to which the CEPO Cash Equity PIPE Investors agreed to purchase, in a private placement immediately prior to the CEPO Merger,
40,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, at a purchase price of $10.00 per share payable in cash, for an aggregate purchase price of $400,000,000,
which includes the agreement of the Sponsor to subscribe for 500,000 Class A ordinary shares and an independent director of ours to subscribe
for 100,000 Class A ordinary shares. 44 Sponsor Support Agreement On July 16, 2025, concurrently with the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement, we, Pubco and the Sponsor entered into the Sponsor Support Agreement, pursuant to which, among
other things, the Sponsor agreed (i) to vote its Ordinary Shares in favor of the Business Combination Agreement and the BSTR Business
Combination and each of the other proposals to be presented to our shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of our shareholders
to be held in connection with the BSTR Business Combination, (ii) to vote its Ordinary Shares against certain other transactions
and matters, (iii) to comply with the restrictions imposed by the Insider Letter, including the restrictions on transferring and
redeeming Ordinary Shares in connection with the BSTR Business Combination, (iv) to waive the anti-dilution rights of the Class B
ordinary shares set forth in the Memorandum and Articles, (v) to surrender, for no consideration, 50% of its Class B ordinary
shares immediately prior to, and conditioned upon, the consummation of the CEPO Merger, and (vi) subject to and conditioned upon
the Closing, agree that any loans outstanding from the Sponsor to us shall be repaid either in cash or in Class A ordinary shares
at $10.00 per share as determined by Sponsor. Further, pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement,
we and the Sponsor agreed that prior to Closing, we and the Sponsor will enter into an amendment to the Insider Letter to (i) extend
the transfer and lock-up restrictions applicable to the Founder Shares pre-Closing so that they also apply to the shares of Pubco the
Sponsor receives in exchange for the Founder Shares in the BSTR Business Combination post-Closing, (ii) modify the duration of the
lock-up applicable to the Founder Shares to be the earlier of (a) the twelve (12) month anniversary of the date of the Closing
and (b) the date on which Pubco consummates a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction
that results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Pubco Stock for cash, securities or other property,
and (iii) add Pubco as a party. Director Independence So long as we maintain a listing for the
Public Shares on Nasdaq, a majority of the Board generally must be independent, subject to certain limited exceptions set forth
under the rules of Nasdaq. We rely on the “controlled company” exemption and therefore we may not always have a majority
of independent directors on the Board. An “independent director” is defined generally as a person other than an officer
or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the
company’s board of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the
responsibilities of a director. The Board has determined that each of Douglas R. Barnard, Robert G. Sharp and Charlotte Blechman is
an “independent director” as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Item 14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be
paid to Withum, for services rendered. Audit Fees Audit fees consist of the aggregate fees for professional
services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Withum in connection with
regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements,
review of the financial information included in our Form 10-K, Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the
SEC for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 totaled approximately $127,000 and approximately $52,000 respectively. The above amounts
include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees Audit-related fees consist of the aggregate fees
billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial
statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” These services include attest services that are not required by statute
or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. The aggregate fees billed by Withum for such services for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 totaled approximately $18,000 and
$0, respectively. Tax Fees Tax fees consist of the aggregate fees billed for
professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We did not pay Withum any tax fees for both the years ended
December 31, 2025 and 2024. All Other Fees All other fees consist of the aggregate fees billed
for all other services. We did not pay Withum any other fees for both the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. Pre-Approval Policy The Audit Committee was formed upon the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering. As a result, the Audit Committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services
rendered prior to the formation of the Audit Committee were approved by the Board. Since the formation of the Audit Committee, and on
a going-forward basis, the Audit Committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services set forth above
or to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services
described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 45 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Report: (1) Financial Statements Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity (Deficit) F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 (2) Financial Statement Schedules All financial statement schedules are omitted because
they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required information is presented in the financial statements
and notes thereto beginning on page F-1 of this Report. (3) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits
listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits that are incorporated herein by reference can be accessed on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary. Omitted at the Company’s option. 46 CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm F-2 Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 F- 1 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors
of Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. (the “Company”) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated
statements of operations, changes in shareholders’ equity (deficit) and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted
in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements,
if the Company is unable to complete a business combination by January 8, 2027, then the Company will cease all operations except for
the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management’s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated
financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ WithumSmith+Brown, PC We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2024. New York, New York February 27, 2026 PCAOB Number 100 F- 2 CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Assets: Current Assets: Cash $ 25,000 $ — Prepaid expenses 186,718 — Total Current Assets 211,718 — Cash and cash equivalents held in Trust Account 207,513,481 — Deferred offering costs — 217,609 Other assets 3,514 — Total Assets $ 207,728,713 $ 217,609 Liabilities and Shareholders’ Deficit: Current Liabilities: Accrued expenses $ 314,842 $ 165,031 Notes payable – related party 485,504 134,240 Total Current Liabilities 800,346 299,271 Forward sale securities liability 13,196,864 — Total Liabilities 13,997,210 299,271 Commitments and Contingencies Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, 20,000,000 and 0 shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of $ 10.53 and $ 0 per share as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively 210,513,481 — Shareholders’ Deficit: Preference shares, $ 0.0001 par value; 5,000,000 shares authorized; none issued or outstanding as of both December 31, 2025 and 2024 — — Class A ordinary shares, $ 0.0001 par value; 500,000,000 shares authorized; 500,000 shares issued and outstanding (excluding 20,000,000 shares subject to possible redemption) as of December 31, 2025 and none issued or outstanding as of December 31, 2024 50 — Class B ordinary shares, $ 0.0001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized; 5,000,000 shares issued and outstanding as of both December 31, 2025 and 2024 500 500 Additional paid-in capital — 24,500 Accumulated deficit ( 16,782,528 ) ( 106,662 ) Total Shareholders’ Deficit ( 16,781,978 ) ( 81,662 ) Total Liabilities, Commitments and Contingencies and Shareholders’ Deficit $ 207,728,713 $ 217,609 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. F- 3 CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS Year Ended December 31, Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 General and administrative costs $ 855,494 $ 84,402 Administrative expenses – related party 118,065 — Loss from operations ( 973,559 ) ( 84,402 ) Interest income on investments held in the Trust Account 7,513,481 — Change in fair value of forward sale securities ( 13,196,864 ) — Net loss $ ( 6,656,942 ) $ ( 84,402 ) Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding: Class A – Public shares 19,616,438 — Class A – Private placement 490,411 — Class B – Ordinary shares 5,000,000 5,000,000 (1) Basic and diluted net loss per share: Class A – Public shares $ ( 0.27 ) $ — Class A – Private placement $ ( 0.27 ) $ — Class B – Ordinary shares $ ( 0.27 ) $ ( 0.02 ) (1) This number has been retroactively adjusted to reflect the recapitalization of the Company in the form of the cancellation of 9,375,000 Class B ordinary shares on May 21, 2024 (See Note 6). The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. F- 4 CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’
EQUITY (DEFICIT) For the Years Ended December 31, 2025
and 2024 Ordinary Shares Additional Total Shareholders’ Class A Class B Paid-In Accumulated Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit (Deficit) Balance – December 31, 2023 — $ — 5,000,000 (1) $ 500 (1) $ 24,500 $ ( 22,260 ) $ 2,740 Net loss — — — — — ( 84,402 ) ( 84,402 ) Balance – December 31, 2024 — $ — 5,000,000 $ 500 $ 24,500 $ ( 106,662 ) $ ( 81,662 ) Sale of Class A ordinary shares to Sponsor in private placement 500,000 50 — — 4,999,950 — 5,000,000 Accretion of redeemable Class A ordinary shares to redemption value — — — — ( 5,024,450 ) ( 10,018,924 ) ( 15,043,374 ) Net loss — — — — — ( 6,656,942 ) ( 6,656,942 ) Balance – December 31, 2025 500,000 $ 50 5,000,000 $ 500 $ — $ ( 16,782,528 ) $ ( 16,781,978 ) (1) The number of shares and the amount have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the recapitalization of the Company in the form of the cancellation of 9,375,000 Class B ordinary shares on May 21, 2024 (See Note 6). The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. F- 5 CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss $ ( 6,656,942 ) $ ( 84,402 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: General and administrative expenses paid by related party 390,511 — Interest income on investments held in the Trust Account ( 7,513,481 ) — Change in fair value of forward sale securities 13,196,864 — Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Deferred offering costs 217,609 ( 217,609 ) Prepaid expenses 271,720 2,740 Other assets ( 3,514 ) — Accrued expenses 149,811 165,031 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 52,578 ( 134,240 ) Cash flows from investing activities: Cash deposited in the Trust Account ( 200,000,000 ) — Net cash used in investing activities ( 200,000,000 ) — Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds received from initial public offering 200,000,000 — Proceeds received from private placement 5,000,000 — Offering costs paid ( 4,298,137 ) — Deferred offering costs paid by related party ( 231,756 ) — Proceeds from Notes payable – related party 485,504 134,240 Payment on Notes payable – related party ( 134,240 ) — Payment on Payable to related party ( 848,949 ) — Net cash provided by financing activities 199,972,422 134,240 Net change in Cash 25,000 — Cash – beginning of the period — — Cash – end of the period $ 25,000 $ — Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activities: Deferred offering costs included in Accrued expenses $ — $ 151,489 The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these consolidated financial statements. F- 6 CANTOR EQUITY PARTNERS I, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1—Description of Organization, Business Operations
and Basis of Presentation Cantor Equity Partners I, Inc. (the “Company”)
was incorporated on November 11, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset
acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the “Business Combination”). Although the Company is not limited in its search for target businesses to a
particular industry or sector for the purpose of consummating the Business Combination, the Company intends to focus its search on companies
operating in the financial services, digital assets, healthcare, real estate services, technology and software industries. The Company
is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and
emerging growth companies. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had not commenced
operations. All activity through December 31, 2025 relates to the Company’s formation, the initial public offering (the “Initial
Public Offering”) described below, and the Company’s efforts toward locating and completing a suitable Business Combination.
The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of the Business Combination, at the earliest. During the
year ended December 31, 2025, the Company used the net proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement (as
defined below) to generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from an investment in a money market fund that invests
in U.S. government debt securities and classified as cash equivalents. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company also recognized
changes in the fair value of the forward sale securities (as further described below) as other loss. The Company’s sponsor is Cantor EP Holdings
I, LLC (the “Sponsor”). The registration statement for the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on December 20,
2024. On January 8, 2025, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value $ 0.0001 per share (“Class A ordinary shares” and such Class A ordinary shares issued in the Initial Public Offering, the “Public
Shares”) at a purchase price of $ 10.00 per share, generating gross proceeds of $ 200,000,000 , as described in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 500,000 Class A ordinary shares (the “Private Placement Shares”) to the
Sponsor at a price of $ 10.00 per share in a private placement (the “Private Placement”), generating gross proceeds of $ 5,000,000 ,
as described in Note 4. The net proceeds of the Private Placement were
deposited into the Trust Account (as defined below) and will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares subject to the requirements
of applicable law (see Note 4). Offering costs amounted to approximately $ 4,500,000 ,
consisting of $ 4,100,000 of underwriting fees and approximately $ 400,000 of other costs. Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement on January 8, 2025, an amount of $ 200,000,000 ($ 10.00 per Public Share) from the net proceeds of the sale of
the Public Shares and the Private Placement Shares (see Note 4) was placed in a trust account (the “Trust Account”) located
in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer & Trust Company (“Continental”) acting as trustee. The funds
in the Trust Account were initially held in an account at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., and on January 9, 2025, were transferred to an
account at CF Secured, LLC (“CF Secured”), an affiliate of the Sponsor. The Trust Account may be invested only in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment
Company Act”), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market
fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act,
or held as cash or cash items (including in demand deposit accounts) at a bank, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i)
the completion of the Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. F- 7 Business Combination — The Company’s
management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private
Placement, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating the Business Combination.
There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete the Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or
more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 % of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding taxes
payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the Business Combination. However, the Company
will only complete the Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 % or more of the outstanding voting securities
of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. The Company will provide the holders of the Public
Shares (the “Public Shareholders”) with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion
of the Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholders meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by
means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of the Business Combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public
Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (which, as of December 31, 2025, was $ 10.53 per Public Share, inclusive
of $ 0.15 per redeemed share to be funded pursuant to the Sponsor Note (as defined below) in the applicable Redemption Event (as defined
below)). The Public Shares are recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity in accordance with the Financial Accounting
Standards Board’s (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 480, Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity (“ASC 480”). In such case, the Company will proceed with the Business Combination if a majority of the shares
voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to
hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association (as may be amended, the “Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles”), conduct the redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) and file tender offer documents with the
SEC prior to completing the Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the Business Combination is required by law, or
the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or legal reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction
with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder
may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the Business Combination, or if they vote at
all. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with the Business Combination, the Sponsor and the Company’s directors
and officers have agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), their Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares purchased
during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of the Business Combination (except that any Public Shares such parties may purchase
in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”),
would not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination). In addition, the Sponsor and the Company’s directors and officers
have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares held
by them in connection with the completion of the Business Combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Amended and
Restated Memorandum and Articles provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person
with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be
restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 % or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent
of the Company. The Sponsor and the Company’s officers and
directors have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles (i) that would affect the substance
or timing of the Company’s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100 % of the Public
Shares if the Company does not complete the Business Combination or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders’
rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their
Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. F- 8 Business Combination Agreement — On July 16, 2025, the Company entered into a business combination agreement (the “Business Combination Agreement”), with BSTR
Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Pubco”), BSTR Intermediate, a Cayman Islands exempted company and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Pubco (“CEPO Merger Sub”), BSTR Holdings (Cayman), a Cayman Islands exempted company (the “Seller”),
BSTR Newco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Seller (“Newco”), PEMS Sub A, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company (“CEPO Subsidiary A”), PEMS Sub B, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly owned subsidiary of CEPO Subsidiary A (“CEPO Subsidiary B”) and PEMS Merger Sub C, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly owned subsidiary of CEPO Subsidiary B (“Newco Merger Sub”). Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement,
and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, upon the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby (the “Closing”),
(a) the Company will merge with and into CEPO Merger Sub, with CEPO Merger Sub continuing as the surviving entity (the “CEPO Merger”),
and with the Company’s shareholders (i) holding Class B ordinary shares, receiving one Class A ordinary share for each Class B ordinary
share held by such shareholder immediately prior to the CEPO Merger, and (ii) receiving one share of Class A common stock, par value $ 0.01 per share, of Pubco (“Pubco Class A Stock”) for each Class A ordinary share held by such shareholder at the time of the CEPO
Merger, and (b) at least two hours after the CEPO Merger, Newco Merger Sub will merge with and into Newco, with Newco continuing as the
surviving company (the “Newco Merger”, and together with the CEPO Merger, the “Mergers”), and with (i) the Seller
receiving shares of Pubco Class A Stock and Class B common stock, par value $ 0.01 per share, of Pubco (“Pubco Class B Stock”
and, together with the Pubco Class A Stock, “Pubco Stock”) in exchange for its membership interests in Newco (the “Newco
Interests”), and (ii) the Newco Equity Investors (as defined below) converting their Newco Interests into non-voting units of Newco
(the “Newco Exchange Interests”), which Newco Exchange Interests will be exchangeable for an equal number of shares of Pubco
Class A Stock or, at Pubco’s election, the cash equivalent. As a result of the Mergers and the other transactions contemplated by
the Business Combination Agreement (the “BSTR Business Combination”), CEPO Merger Sub will become a wholly owned subsidiary
of Pubco, CEPO Subsidiary B will become the managing member of Newco, and Pubco will become a publicly traded company. Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, the Company and Pubco entered into subscription agreements (the “July Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements”)
with certain investors (the “July Convertible Notes Investors”), pursuant to which the July Convertible Notes Investors have
agreed to purchase, in a private placement, $ 500,000,000 of aggregate principal amount of 1.00 % convertible senior secured notes to be
issued by Pubco (“Convertible Notes”) due five years after the date of the Closing to be issued pursuant to and on the terms
set forth in an indenture (the “Indenture”) in the form attached to the July Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements (the
“Initial Convertible Notes Private Placement”). In addition, Pubco granted the July Convertible Notes Investors options to
purchase (i) additional Convertible Notes in an aggregate principal amount of up to $ 125,000,000 , exercisable within fifteen days following
the date of the July Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements (the “First Convertible Notes Option”), (ii) additional Convertible
Notes in an aggregate principal amount of up to $ 125,000,000 , exercisable within thirty days following the date of the July Convertible
Notes Subscription Agreements (the “Second Convertible Notes Option” and, together with the First Convertible Notes Option,
the “Convertible Notes Options”), and (iii) 3,200,000 shares of 7.00 % perpetual convertible preferred stock of Pubco (the
“Preferred Stock”) in an aggregate principal amount of up to $ 320,000,000 to be issued by Pubco pursuant to and on the terms
set forth in a certificate of designations (the “Certificate of Designations”) in the form attached to the July Preferred
Stock Subscription Agreement (as defined below), exercisable within thirty days following the date of the July Convertible Notes Subscription
Agreements (the “Preferred Stock Option” and, together with the Initial Convertible Notes Private Placement and Convertible
Notes Options, the “July Convertible Notes Private Placement”), in each case, on a pro rata basis based on such July Convertible
Notes Investor’s participation in the Initial Convertible Notes Private Placement. Further, the July Convertible Notes Subscription
Agreements provide that if any July Convertible Notes Investors should elect not to exercise their pro rata share of the First Convertible
Notes Option, Second Convertible Notes Option or Preferred Stock Option, as applicable, such unexercised Convertible Notes Options or
Preferred Stock Option will be offered to and may be exercised by the remaining July Convertible Notes Investors pro rata to their participation
in the July Convertible Notes Private Placement and the First Convertible Notes Option, Second Convertible Notes Option or Preferred Stock
Option, as applicable, until 5:00 p.m. New York time on the Business Day immediately after the expiry of the applicable Convertible Notes
Option or the Preferred Stock Option (the “Unexercised Option”). Pursuant to the terms of the July Convertible
Notes Subscription Agreements, certain July Convertible Notes Investors exercised their pro rata share of (i) the First Convertible Notes
Option and the Unexercised Option in relation to the First Convertible Notes Option to purchase additional Convertible Notes in an aggregate
principal amount of $ 34,870,000 and (ii) the Second Convertible Notes Option and the Unexercised Option in relation to the Second Convertible
Notes Option to purchase additional Convertible Notes in an aggregate principal amount of $ 9,323,000 . F- 9 On August 7, 2025, the Company and Pubco entered
into subscription agreements (the “August Convertible Notes Subscription Agreements”) with certain investors (the “August
Convertible Notes Investors”), pursuant to which the August Convertible Notes Investors have agreed to purchase, in a private placement,
$ 30,500,000 aggregate principal amount of Convertible Notes to be issued by Pubco pursuant to and on the terms set forth in the Indenture
(the “August Convertible Notes Private Placement” and together with the July Convertible Notes Private Placement, the “Convertible
Notes Private Placement”). Pursuant to the July Convertible Notes Private Placement and the August Convertible Notes Private Placement,
taken together, the total aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Notes to be issued by Pubco at Closing will be $ 574,693,000 . Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, the Company and Pubco entered into a subscription agreement (the “July Preferred Stock Subscription Agreement”)
with an investor (the “July Preferred Stock Investor”), pursuant to which the July Preferred Stock Investor has agreed to
purchase, in a private placement, 300,000 shares of Preferred Stock with an aggregate principal amount of $ 30,000,000 , at a purchase price
of $ 85.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase price $ 25,500,000 to be issued by Pubco pursuant to and on the terms set forth in the Certificate
of Designations (the “July Preferred Stock Private Placement”). Pursuant to the terms of the July Convertible
Notes Subscription Agreements, certain July Convertible Notes Investors exercised their pro rata share of the Preferred Stock Option and
the Unexercised Option in relation to the Preferred Stock Option to purchase an aggregate of approximately 2,236,000 shares of Preferred
Stock with an aggregate principal amount of approximately $ 223,620,000 , at a purchase price of $ 85.00 per share, for a total aggregate
purchase price of approximately $ 190,080,000 . On August 25, 2025, the Company and Pubco entered
into subscription agreements (the “August Preferred Stock Subscription Agreements” and, together with the July Preferred Stock
Subscription Agreement, the “Preferred Stock Subscription Agreements”) with certain investors (the “August Preferred
Stock Investors” and, together with the July Preferred Stock Investor, the “Preferred Stock Investors”), pursuant to
which the August Preferred Stock Investors have agreed to purchase, in a private placement, an aggregate of 482,924 shares of Preferred
Stock with an aggregate principal amount of approximately $ 48,300,000 , at a purchase price of $ 85.00 per share, for an aggregate purchase
price of approximately $ 41,050,000 (the “August Preferred Stock Private Placement”, and together with the July Preferred Stock
Private Placement, the “Preferred Stock Private Placements”). With the inclusion of the shares of Preferred Stock subscribed
for in the Preferred Stock Private Placements and the exercise of the Preferred Stock Option by certain July Convertible Notes Investors,
Pubco will issue 3,019,200 shares of Preferred Stock at Closing in the aggregate with a total aggregate principal amount of $ 301,920,000 ,
for a total purchase price of $ 256,632,000 . Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, the Company and Pubco entered into subscription agreements (the “CEPO Cash Equity PIPE Subscription Agreements”)
with certain investors (the “CEPO Cash Equity PIPE Investors”), pursuant to which the CEPO Cash Equity PIPE Investors have
agreed to purchase, in a private placement immediately prior to the CEPO Merger, 40,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, at a purchase price
of $ 10.00 per share payable in cash, for an aggregate purchase price of $ 400,000,000 (the “CEPO Cash Equity PIPE”). Additionally, concurrently with the execution
of the Business Combination Agreement, the Company and Pubco entered into subscription agreements (the “July CEPO BTC Equity PIPE
Subscription Agreements” and, together with the August CEPO BTC Equity PIPE Subscription Agreement (as defined below), the “CEPO
BTC Equity PIPE Subscription Agreements”) with certain investors (the “July CEPO BTC Equity PIPE Investors” and, together
with the August CEPO BTC Equity PIPE Investor (as defined below), the “CEPO BTC Equity PIPE Investors”), pursuant to which
the July CEPO BTC Equity PIPE Investors have agreed to purchase, in a private placement immediately prior to the CEPO Merger, a certain
number of Class A ordinary shares, at $ 10.00 per share, in exchange for 4,156.11 Bitcoin in the aggregate, with the number of Class A
ordinary shares to be issued to each July CEPO BTC Equity PIPE Investor being equal to (i) the product of (A) the number of Bitcoin contributed
by such July CEPO BTC Equity PIPE Investor multiplied by (B) the U.S. dollar price of one Bitcoin as determined by the average of the
CME CF Bitcoin Reference Rate - New York Variant for the ten-day period ending on the second day prior to the closing date of the BSTR
Business Combination (the “Closing Bitcoin Price”), and then divided by (ii) $ 10.00 (the “July CEPO BTC PIPE”
and, together with the August CEPO BTC Equity PIPE (as defined below) and the CEPO Cash Equity PIPE, the “CEPO Equity PIPEs”). F- 10 Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, the Company, Pubco and Newco entered into subscription agreements (the “Newco Subscription Agreements”)
with certain investors (the “Newco Equity Investors”), pursuant to which the Newco Equity Investors have agreed to purchase,
in a private placement immediately prior to the Newco Merger, a certain number of Newco Interests, at $ 10.00 per interest, in exchange
for 865 Bitcoin in the aggregate, with the number of Newco Interests to be issued to each Newco Equity Investor being equal to (i) the
product of (A) the number of Bitcoin contributed by such Newco Equity Investor multiplied by (B) the Closing Bitcoin Price, and then divided
by (ii) $ 10.00 (the “Newco Private Placement”). On August 28, 2025, (i) the Company and Pubco
entered into a subscription agreement (the “August CEPO BTC Equity PIPE Subscription Agreement”) with an investor in the Newco
Private Placement (the “August CEPO BTC Equity PIPE Investor”) in substantially the same form as the July CEPO BTC Equity
PIPE Subscription Agreements, pursuant to which such investor agreed to purchase, in a private placement, a certain number of Class A
ordinary shares, at $ 10.00 per share, in exchange for 20 Bitcoin, with the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to such investor
being equal to (i) the product of (A) 20 Bitcoin multiplied by (B) the Closing Bitcoin Price and then divided by (ii) $ 10.00 (the “August
CEPO BTC Equity PIPE”), and (ii) simultaneously therewith, the Company, Pubco and Newco entered into a termination agreement with
such investor in the Newco Private Placement, which terminated the Newco Subscription Agreement with such investor, pursuant to which
such investor had agreed to purchase Newco Class A Interests in exchange for 20 Bitcoin. As a result of the August CEPO BTC Equity PIPE,
the total number of Bitcoin to be contributed by investors at Closing pursuant to the July CEPO BTC Equity PIPE, the Newco Private Placement
and the August CEPO BTC Equity PIPE, remains at 5,021.11 Bitcoin. Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, the Company, Pubco and the Sponsor entered into a sponsor support agreement (the “Sponsor Support Agreement”),
pursuant to which, among other things, the Sponsor agreed (i) to vote its Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares in favor
of the Business Combination Agreement and the BSTR Business Combination and certain other matters to be approved by Company shareholders
in connection with the BSTR Business Combination, (ii) vote its Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares against certain other
transactions and matters, (iii) to comply with the restrictions imposed by the letter agreement, dated as of January 6, 2025, by and among
the Company, the Sponsor and the Company’s officers and directors as of such time (the “Insider Letter”), including
the restrictions on transferring and redeeming Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares in connection with the BSTR Business
Combination, (iv) to waive the anti-dilution rights of the Class B ordinary shares set forth in the Amended and Restated Memorandum and
Articles, (v) to surrender, for no consideration, 50 % of its Class B ordinary shares immediately prior to, and conditioned upon, the consummation
of the CEPO Merger, and (vi) subject to and conditioned upon the Closing, agree that any loans outstanding from the Sponsor to the Company
shall be repaid either in cash or in Class A ordinary shares at $ 10.00 per share as determined by the Sponsor. Further, pursuant to the Sponsor Support Agreement,
the Company and the Sponsor agreed that prior to Closing, the Company and the Sponsor will enter into an amendment to the Insider Letter
to (i) extend the transfer and lock-up restrictions applicable to the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) pre-Closing so that they also
apply to the shares of Pubco the Sponsor receives in exchange for the Founder Shares in the BSTR Business Combination post-Closing, (ii)
modify the duration of the lock-up applicable to the Founder Shares to be the earlier of (a) the twelve (12) month anniversary of the
date of the Closing and (b) the date on which Pubco consummates a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other
similar transaction that results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of Pubco Stock for cash, securities
or other property, and (iii) add Pubco as a party. Certain of the Company’s existing agreements
will be amended or amended and restated in connection with the BSTR Business Combination. For more information regarding the BSTR Business
Combination, refer to the Company’s filings with the SEC, including the Current Reports on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the
SEC on July 17, 2025, July 22, 2025, August 7, 2025, August 25, 2025, and August 28, 2025, and the other filings the Company and Pubco
may make from time to time with the SEC. Forward Sale Securities — As described above, in connection with the BSTR Business Combination, pursuant to the CEPO BTC Equity PIPE Subscription Agreements, the
CEPO BTC Equity PIPE Investors committed to purchase a certain number of Class A ordinary shares, at $ 10.00 per share, in exchange for 4,176.11 Bitcoin in the aggregate. The Class A ordinary shares to be issued by the Company pursuant to the CEPO BTC Equity PIPE Subscription
Agreements are referred in the Company’s consolidated financial statements and the footnotes as the forward sale securities. F- 11 Failure to Consummate the Business Combination
— The Company has until January 8, 2027, or until such earlier liquidation date as the Company’s board of directors may
approve or such later date as the Company’s shareholders may approve pursuant to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
(the “Combination Period”), to consummate the Business Combination. If the Company is unable to complete the Business Combination
by the end of the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly
as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per share price, payable in cash,
equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and
not previously released to the Company to pay taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish Public Shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any),
subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company’s
remaining shareholders and the Company’s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in each case, to the Company’s
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor and the Company’s directors
and officers have agreed to waive their liquidation rights from the Trust Account with respect to the Founder Shares and the Private Placement
Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or
any of the Company’s directors and officers acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete the Business Combination
within the Combination Period. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining
available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be less than $ 10.15 per share (inclusive of $ 0.15 per redeemed share
to be funded pursuant to the Sponsor Note) initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account,
the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold
to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the
amount of funds in the Trust Account below $ 10.15 per share. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party
who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims
under the Company’s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities
under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed
to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims.
The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by
endeavoring to have all

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. Furthermore, once a Business Combination is completed, such as the BSTR Business Combination,
the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriters’
ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or could
have negative valuation consequences. While we believe that our structure and our management
team’s backgrounds make us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check
company, such as our obligation to seek shareholder approval of certain Business Combination structures and our obligation to provide
our shareholders a redemption right, negatively. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted
companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying
with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from
the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for
a period of 20 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied
on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income,
gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares,
debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution
of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation
of us. We are an “emerging growth company,”
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain
exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies”
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder
approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find the Public Shares less attractive as a result,
there may be a less active trading market for the Public Shares and the prices of the Public Shares may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an “emerging growth company” can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an “emerging growth company”
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following January 8, 2030, (b) in which we have total annual gross
revenue of at least $1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value
of the Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the
date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt securities during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a “smaller reporting
company” as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of the Ordinary Shares held by non-affiliates exceeds
$250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceed $100 million during such completed fiscal
year and the market value of the Ordinary Shares held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30. In addition, prior to the consummation of the Business
Combination only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment or removal of directors. As a result,
Nasdaq considers us to be a “controlled company” within the meaning of Nasdaq corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq
corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50% of the voting power for the appointment of directors is held by an individual,
group or another company is a “controlled company” and may elect to utilize exemptions from certain of Nasdaq’s corporate
governance requirements. We have utilized, and will continue to utilize, one or more of these exemptions, including that we will not select
director nominees through either (i) a vote solely of independent directors, or (ii) a nominations committee comprised solely of independent
directors. 8 Financial Position With funds available for the Business Combination in
the amount of approximately $207,513,000 as of December 31, 2025, based on the balance of the Trust Account as of such date, and which
is subject to our right to withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay any taxes, and which is subject to reduction for payment of
the Marketing Fee, fees and expenses associated with the Business Combination and redemptions by the Public Shareholders, we offer a target
business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion
of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt or leverage ratio. Because we are able to complete the Business
Combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient
combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. Effecting the Business Combination We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any operations other than the pursuit and completion of the Business Combination, at which point we will engage in the business
of the target we acquire in the Business Combination. We intend to effectuate the Business Combination using (i) cash remaining in the
Trust Account at the time of the Business Combination from the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement,
(ii) the net proceeds from the sale, if any, of our securities in connection with the Business Combination, (iii) shares issued to the
owners of the target, (iv) the net proceeds from debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or (v) a combination
of the foregoing. We may seek to complete the Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its
early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If the Business Combination is paid for using equity
or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the Trust Account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with
the Business Combination or used for redemptions of Public Shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the Trust
Account for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-Business Combination company,
the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing the Business Combination, to fund the purchase of other
companies or for working capital. We may seek to raise additional funds through a
private offering of debt (including convertible debt) or equity securities in connection with the completion of the Business Combination
(which may include a private placement), such as we have done with respect to the BSTR Business Combination, and we may effectuate the
Business Combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the funds released to us from the Trust Account. In addition,
we have targeted businesses larger than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement,
and may as a result be required to seek additional financing to complete the Business Combination, as in the BSTR Business Combination.
Any such additional financing may cause material dilution to the Public Shareholders. Subject to compliance with applicable securities
laws, we expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of the Business Combination. If the Business Combination
is funded with assets other than the Trust Account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing the Business Combination
will disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There are
no prohibitions on our ability to raise funds privately, including pursuant to any private placement, or through loans in connection with
the Business Combination. See “Item 1. Business – BSTR Business
Combination” for a discussion of the BSTR Business Combination and the related financing transactions. Sources of Target Businesses Our officers and directors,
as well as the Sponsor and its affiliates, have brought to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through
their business contacts and relationships. If the BSTR Business Combination
is not consummated, we may contact targets that any of the other SPACs sponsored by Cantor had considered if we become aware that such
targets are interested in a potential initial business combination with us and such transaction would be attractive to our shareholders. While we have not engaged the services of professional
firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis to help us find business combination targets,
if the BSTR Business Combination is not consummated, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may
pay a finder’s fee, consulting fee, advisory fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm’s length negotiation based
on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring
opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction
that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder’s fees is customarily tied to completion of
a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds released to us from the Trust Account. In no event, however, will
the Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which the Sponsor or our existing officers or directors are
affiliated, be paid any finder’s fee, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation
by us prior to or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate the completion of the Business Combination (regardless
of the type of transaction that it is) other than as described herein. 9 We have engaged CF&Co. pursuant to the BCMA
as an advisor in connection with the Business Combination to assist us in holding meetings with our shareholders to discuss the potential
Business Combination and the target business’ attributes, introduce us to potential investors that are interested in purchasing
our securities and assist us with our press releases and public filings in connection with the Business Combination. We will pay the Marketing
Fee to CF&Co. upon the consummation of the Business Combination, including the BSTR Business Combination. We have also engaged CF&Co.,
an affiliate of the Sponsor, as a financial advisor and placement agent in connection with the BSTR Business Combination. See “Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence—Engagement Letters” for more information related
to our engagement of CF&Co. in connection with the BSTR Business Combination. If the BSTR Business Combination is not consummated,
some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-Business Combination company following
the Business Combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process
of the Business Combination candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing the Business
Combination with a business that is affiliated with Cantor or its affiliates, the Sponsor or our officers or directors. While BSTR is
not affiliated with the Sponsor or our officers or directors, in the event we do not consummate the BSTR Business Combination and we seek
to complete the Business Combination with a business that is affiliated with Cantor or its affiliates, the Sponsor or our officers or
directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another
independent firm that commonly renders valuation opinions that the Business Combination is fair to our shareholders from a financial point
of view. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification
and evaluation of a prospective target business with which the Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring
losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion
of the Business Combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike
other entities that have the resources to complete Business Combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable
that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. In addition,
we are focusing our search for the Business Combination in a single industry. By completing the Business Combination with only a single
entity, our lack of diversification may: ● subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after the Business Combination, and ● cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target’s Management Team Although we closely scrutinize the management of
a prospective target business, including the management of BSTR, when evaluating the desirability of effecting the Business Combination
with such business and will continue to do so if the BSTR Business Combination is not consummated and we seek other Business Combination
opportunities, our assessment of the target business’ management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management
may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, other than with respect to the BSTR
Business Combination, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with
any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be
made at the time of the Business Combination. Moreover, we cannot assure our shareholders that members of our management team will have
significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. None of our directors or officers are
expected to remain with us after consummation of the BSTR Business Combination. 10 Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve the Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless shareholder approval is required by applicable law or stock exchange rule (as
is the case with the BSTR Business Combination as currently contemplated), or, if the BSTR Business Combination is not consummated, we
may choose to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. Presented in the table below is a graphic explanation of
the types of Business Combinations we may consider and whether shareholder approval is currently required under Cayman Islands law for
each such transaction. Type of Transaction Whether Shareholder Approval is Required Purchase of assets No Purchase of stock, shares or other equity interests of target not involving a merger with the company No Merger of target into a subsidiary of the company No Merger of the company with a target Yes So long as we maintain a listing for the Class
A ordinary shares on Nasdaq, shareholder approval would be required for the Business Combination if, for example: ● we issue Class A ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of Class A ordinary shares then issued and outstanding (other than in a public offering); ● any of our directors, officers or substantial shareholders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5% or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10% or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of Ordinary Shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares or voting power of 5% or more; or ● the issuance or potential issuance of Ordinary Shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. Permitted Purchases of Ordinary Shares If we seek shareholder approval of the Business
Combination and we do not conduct repurchases in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Sponsor
and our directors or officers or any their respective affiliates may purchase Public Shares in privately negotiated transactions or in
the open market either prior to or following the completion of the Business Combination. Such a purchase may include a contractual acknowledgment
that such shareholder, although still the record holder of the Public Shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees
not to exercise its redemption rights. Additionally, at any time at or prior to the Business Combination, subject to applicable securities
laws (including with respect to material non-public information), the Sponsor, our directors or officers or their affiliates may enter
into transactions with investors and others to provide them with incentives to acquire Public Shares or to not elect to have their Public
Shares redeemed. There is no limit on the number of Public Shares that the Sponsor or our directors or officers or any of their respective
affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current
commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. In the event the Sponsor or any of our directors
or officers or any of their respective affiliates determine to make any such purchases at the time of a shareholder vote relating to the
Business Combination, such purchases could have the effect of allowing us to complete such Business Combination where it would not otherwise
be able to be accomplished. If they engage in such transactions, they will be restricted from making any such purchases when they are
in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed in accordance with applicable law or if such purchases are prohibited
by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject
to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange
Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers
will comply with such rules. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent
such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. None of the funds held in the Trust Account will be used to purchase Public
Shares in such transactions prior to completion of the Business Combination. 11 The purpose of any such purchases of Public Shares
could be to reduce the number of Public Shares being submitted for redemption. Any such purchases of Public Shares may result in the completion
of the Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public “float”
of the Class A ordinary shares may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of the Public Shares may be reduced, which may make
it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of the Public Shares on Nasdaq. The Sponsor, our officers or directors and/or any
of their respective affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom the Sponsor, our officers or directors and/or
any of their respective affiliates anticipate may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly
or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with the Business
Combination. To the extent that the Sponsor, our officers or directors and/or any of their respective affiliates anticipate entering into
private purchase agreements, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have elected to have their Public
Shares redeemed for a pro rata share of the Trust Account or those who have voted against the Business Combination, whether or not such
shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to the Business Combination. Such persons would select the shareholders from whom
they intend to acquire Public Shares based on the number of Public Shares available, the negotiated price per share and such other factors
as any such person may deem relevant at the time of any such purchase agreement. Any such purchases shall be effected at a price per Public
Shares no higher than the amount per share a Public Shareholder would receive if it elected to have its Public Shares redeemed in connection
with the Business Combination. The Sponsor, our officers or directors and/or any of their respective affiliates anticipate they will purchase
Public Shares only if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Additionally, in the event the Sponsor, our officers
or directors and/or any of their respective affiliates were to purchase Public Shares from Public Shareholders, such purchases would be
structured in compliance with the requirements of Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act to the extent such Rule is applicable
including, in pertinent part, through adherence to the following: ● our registration statement/proxy statement filed for the Business Combination would disclose the possibility that the Sponsor, our officers or directors and/or any of their respective affiliates anticipate they may purchase Public Shares from Public Shareholders outside the redemption process, along with the purpose of such purchases; ● if the Sponsor, our officers or directors and/or any of their respective affiliates were to purchase Public Shares from Public Shareholders, they would do so at a price no higher than the price offered through our redemption process; ● our registration statement/proxy statement filed for the Business Combination would include a representation that any of the Public Shares purchased by the Sponsor, our officers or directors and/or any of their respective affiliates would not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination; ● the Sponsor, our officers or directors and/or any of their respective affiliates would either not possess any redemption rights with respect to such Public Shares or they would waive such rights; and ● we would disclose in a Form 8-K filed prior to our shareholders’ meeting to approve the Business Combination the following items, to the extent material: o the amount of Public Shares purchased outside of the redemption offer by the Sponsor, our officers or directors and/or any of their respective affiliates, along with the average purchase price; o the purpose of the purchases by the Sponsor, our officers or directors and/or any of their respective affiliates; o the impact, if any, of the purchases by the Sponsor, our officers or directors and/or any of their respective affiliates on the likelihood that the Business Combination will be approved at the shareholders’ meeting; o the identities of our shareholders who sold to the Sponsor, our officers or directors and/or any of their respective affiliates (if not purchased on the open market) or the nature of our shareholders (e.g., 5% shareholders) who sold to the Sponsor, our officers or directors and/or any of their respective affiliates; and o the number of Public Shares for which we have received redemption requests pursuant to our redemption offer as of a date shortly prior to the filing date of the Form 8-K. 12 Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of the
Business Combination We will provide the Public Shareholders with the
opportunity, regardless of whether they abstain, vote for or vote against the Business Combination, to redeem all or a portion of their
Public Shares upon the completion of the Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the Trust Account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the Business Combination, including interest earned
on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding
Public Shares, subject to the limitations described herein. As of December 31, 2025, the redemption price was $10.53 per Public Share
(inclusive of $0.15 per Public Share to be funded pursuant to the Sponsor Note). The Sponsor and our officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares,
Private Placement Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of the Business Combination. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide the Public Shareholders with the
opportunity, regardless of whether they abstain, vote for or vote against, the Business Combination, to redeem all or a portion of their
Public Shares upon the completion of the Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the
Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed
Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors
such as the timing of the Business Combination and whether the terms of the Business Combination would require us to seek shareholder
approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Under Nasdaq rules, asset acquisitions and stock or share purchases
would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with us where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue
more than 20% of our issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares or seek to amend the Memorandum and Articles would require shareholder approval.
If we structure the Business Combination, such as the BSTR Business Combination, with a target company in a manner that requires shareholder
approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a shareholder vote to approve the proposed Business Combination. We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC unless shareholder approval is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing
requirements or we choose to seek shareholder approval for business or other legal reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing
for the Class A ordinary shares on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with such rules. If a shareholder vote is not required and we do
not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to the Memorandum and Articles: ● conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E under the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and ● file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing the Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the
Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete the Business Combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction
is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other
legal reasons, we will, pursuant to the Memorandum and Articles: ● conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and ● file proxy materials with the SEC. 13 In the event that we seek shareholder approval
of the Business Combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide the Public Shareholders with the
redemption rights described above upon completion of the Business Combination. If we seek shareholder approval of the Business
Combination, we will complete the Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law,
which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the company. A quorum
for such meeting will consist of the holders of a majority of the then issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares (whether in person or by
proxy). Any Ordinary Shares held by the Sponsor and our directors and officers will count toward this quorum. Pursuant to the letter agreement,
the Sponsor and our officers and directors have agreed, subject to applicable securities laws, to vote their Founder Shares, Private Placement
Shares and Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions)
in favor of the Business Combination (except that any Public Shares such parties may purchase in compliance with the requirements of Rule
14e-5 under the Exchange Act would not be voted in favor of approving the Business Combination). For purposes of seeking approval
of the majority of our issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares voted, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of the Business
Combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares, we would need only
7,250,001, or 36.3%, of the 20,000,000 Public Shares (assuming all issued and outstanding Ordinary Shares are voted at the meeting) and
only 875,001, or 4.4%, of the 20,000,000 Public Shares (assuming only a majority of Ordinary Shares are voted at the meeting) to be voted
in favor of the Business Combination in order to have the Business Combination approved. However, if the Business Combination is structured
as a statutory merger or consolidation with another company under Cayman Islands law, the approval of the Business Combination will require
a special resolution, which requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the votes cast by the shareholders of the issued
shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on such matter at a general meeting of the company. We intend to
give not less than 20 days prior written notice of any such meeting as is required by applicable securities laws, while also complying
with notice requirements of the Memorandum and Articles and Cayman Islands law, at which a vote shall be taken to approve the Business
Combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of the Sponsor and our directors and officers, may make it
more likely that we will consummate the Business Combination. Each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed Business Combination, or if they vote at all. Redemptions of the Public Shares may be subject
to a net cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to the Business Combination. For example, the proposed Business Combination
may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working
capital or other general corporate purposes, or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms
of the proposed Business Combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Public Shares
that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business
Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any Public Shares,
and all Public Shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we may instead search for an alternate Business
Combination. However, this is not applicable with respect to the BSTR Business Combination. Limitation on Redemption upon Completion of the Business Combination
if we Seek Shareholder Approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek shareholder
approval of the Business Combination and we do not conduct repurchases in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to the tender
offer rules, the Memorandum and Articles provides that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other
person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a “group” (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act),
will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15% of the Public Shares (the “Excess
Shares”). We believe this restriction will discourage Public Shareholders from accumulating large blocks of Public Shares, and subsequent
attempts by such Public Shareholders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed Business Combination
as a means to force us or our management to purchase their Public Shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or
on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a Public Shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15% of the Public Shares could
threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such Public Shareholder’s Public Shares are not purchased by us or our management
at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our Public Shareholders’ ability to redeem
no more than 15% of the Public Shares without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of Public Shareholders
to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete the Business Combination, particularly in connection with the Business Combination
with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not
be restricting the Public Shareholders’ ability to vote all of their Public Shares (including Excess Shares) for or against the
Business Combination. 14 Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with Redemption Rights We may require Public Shareholders seeking to exercise
their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in “street name,” to either tender their certificates
to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior
to the vote on the proposal to approve the Business Combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their Public
Shares to the transfer agent electronically using the DWAC System, at the holder’s option. The proxy materials that we will furnish
to holders of the Public Shares in connection with the Business Combination will indicate whether we are requiring Public Shareholders
to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a Public Shareholder would have up to two business days prior to the vote on the Business
Combination if we distribute proxy materials to tender its Public Shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given
the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their Public Shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced
tendering process and the act of certificating the Public Shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically
charge the tendering broker $100.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However,
this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require Public Shareholders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender
their Public Shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such
delivery must be effectuated. Any request to redeem Public Shares, once made,
may be withdrawn with our consent at any time up to the date of the general meeting set forth in our proxy materials. Furthermore, if
a holder of a Public Share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior
to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate
(physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to Public Shareholders electing to redeem their Public
Shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of the Business Combination. If the Business Combination is not approved or
completed for any reason, then Public Shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their
Public Shares for the applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered
by Public Shareholders who elected to redeem their Public Shares. If the BSTR Business Combination is not completed,
we may continue to try to complete a Business Combination with a different target during the Combination Period. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Business Combination The Memorandum and Articles provides that we will
have until the end of the Combination Period to consummate the Business Combination. If we are unable to complete the Business Combination
by the end of the Combination Period and we do not seek shareholder approval to amend the Memorandum and Articles to extend the Combination
Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but
not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to
us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public
Shareholders’ rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable
law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders
and the Board, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. The Sponsor and our officers and directors have
entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to any Founder Shares or Private Placement Shares held by them if we fail to complete the Business Combination by the end
of the Combination Period. However, if the Sponsor or our officers or directors acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering,
they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if we fail to complete the
Business Combination by the end of the Combination Period. 15 The Sponsor and our officers and directors have
agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to the Memorandum and Articles (i) to modify
the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemptions in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100% of the Public
Shares if we do not complete the Business Combination by the end of the Combination Period or (ii) with respect to any other provision
relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-Business Combination activity, unless we provide the Public Shareholders with the opportunity
to redeem their Public Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to
us to pay our taxes divided by the number of then issued and outstanding Public Shares. If we do not consummate the BSTR Business Combination
or any other Business Combination by the end of the Combination Period, we expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing
our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from any amounts held outside of the Trust Account, although
we cannot assure our shareholders that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. We will depend on sufficient interest being earned
on the proceeds held in the Trust Account to pay any tax obligations we may owe. If those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs
and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, we may not request the trustee to release to us any accrued interest
in the Trust Account to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of
the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement, other than the proceeds deposited in the Trust Account, the per-share redemption
amount received by Public Shareholders upon our dissolution would be $10.53 per share as of December 31, 2025 (inclusive of $0.15 per
share to be funded pursuant to the Sponsor Note and which amount takes into account our estimate of the amount that may be withdrawn to
pay our taxes (other than Excise Tax)). The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could, however, become subject to the claims of our
creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of the Public Shareholders. We cannot assure the Public Shareholders that the
actual per-share redemption amount received by Public Shareholders will not be substantially less than $10.53. While we intend to pay
such amounts, if any, we cannot assure the Public Shareholders that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors’
claims. Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account for the benefit of the Public Shareholders, there is no guarantee that
they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the
Trust Account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well
as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our
assets, including the funds held in the Trust Account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies
held in the Trust Account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement
with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be significantly
more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a
waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly
superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider
willing to execute a waiver. Withum, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering,
did not, or will not, execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the Trust Account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities
will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements
with us and will not seek recourse against the Trust Account for any reason. The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm and the underwriters of the Initial
Public Offering) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written
letter of intent, confidentiality or similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the redemption amount to below the lesser
of (i) the sum of (A) $10.00 per Public Share and (B) $0.15 per redeemed Public Share pursuant to the funding of the Sponsor Note in connection
with a Redemption Event and (ii) the sum of (A) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation
of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes paid and payable, and
(B) $0.15 per redeemed Public Share pursuant to the Sponsor Note, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third
party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not
such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe
that the Sponsor’s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure our shareholders that the Sponsor would
be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without
limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 16 In the event that the proceeds in the Trust Account
are reduced below (i) the sum of (A) $10.00 per Public Share and (B) $0.15 per redeemed Public Share pursuant to the funding of the Sponsor
Note in connection with a Redemption Event and (ii) the sum of (A) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of
the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than $10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less
interest released to pay taxes, and (B) $0.15 per redeemed Public Share pursuant to the Sponsor Note, and the Sponsor asserts that it
is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our
independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While
we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against the Sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so if, for
example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if
the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. We have not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations and we cannot assure our shareholders that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. Accordingly, we cannot
assure our Public Shareholders that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than
$10.15 per Public Share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that the
Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective
target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. The Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters
of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to the amounts
held outside of the Trust Account of $25,000 as of December 31, 2025 with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and
expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve
for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from the Trust Account could be liable for claims made by
creditors. If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition
or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the Trust Account
could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to
the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete
the Trust Account, we cannot assure our Public Shareholders we will be able to return $10.15 per share to the Public Shareholders. Additionally,
if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed,
any distributions received by our shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as
either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance.” As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could
seek to recover some or all of the amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, the Board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary
duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying
Public Shareholders from the Trust Account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure our shareholders that claims
will not be brought against us for these reasons. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to receive
funds from the Trust Account only upon the earlier to occur of: (i) the completion of the Business Combination, (ii) the redemption
of any Public Shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend any provisions of the Memorandum and Articles (A)
to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Business Combination or to redeem 100%
of the Public Shares if we do not complete the Business Combination by the end of the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other
provision relating to shareholders’ rights or pre-Business Combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of all of the Public
Shares if we are unable to complete the Business Combination by the end of the Combination Period, subject to applicable law. In no other
circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the Trust Account. In the event we seek shareholder approval
in connection with the Business Combination, a Public Shareholder’s voting in connection with the Business Combination alone will
not result in a Public Shareholder redeeming its Public Shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the Trust Account. Such shareholder
must have also exercised its redemption rights as described above. These provisions of the Memorandum and Articles, like all provisions
of the Memorandum and Articles, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 17 Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for the Business Combination, we have encountered, and if the BSTR Business Combination is not consummated, we may encounter,
competition from other entities. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business
combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other
resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent
limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing a Business Combination with a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash
to the Public Shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the cash available to us for the Business Combination. This
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully entering into an agreement with a target business for a Business Combination
if the BSTR Business Combination is not consummated. Employees We currently have two executive officers and no
employees. Our executive officers are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they devote as much of their
time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed the Business Combination. The amount of time our officers devote in
any time period varies based on the stage of the Business Combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees
prior to the completion of the Business Combination. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We have registered the Public Shares under the
Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC.
In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports, including this Report, contain financial statements audited
and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. In connection with the Business Combination, we
will provide our shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation materials
or tender offer materials sent to our shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial
statements will need to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, U.S. GAAP or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical
financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements
may limit the pool of potential targets we may acquire in the Business Combination because some targets may be unable to provide such
financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete the Business
Combination within the Combination Period. We cannot assure our shareholders that any particular target business identified by us as a
potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP or IFRS or that the potential
target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that
these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential
business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. We are required to evaluate our internal control
procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2026 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a
large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target company
may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development
of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary
to complete any Business Combination. We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register the Public
Shares under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act.
We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent
to the consummation of the Business Combination. 18 We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following January 8, 2030, (b) in which we have total annual gross
revenue of at least $1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value
of the Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds $700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the
date on which we have issued more than $1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
[NOT FOUND]

