TICKER: CLDX
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions. ● Risks related to the loss of our key executives and scientists. ● Risks that our employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities. ● Risks related to our compliance with the Nasdaq Listing Rules. ● Risks related to private industries’ increased use of artificial intelligence, machine learning and certain automated decision-making technologies (“AI Technologies”) in business that may expand our limited use of these technologies. Risks Related to Our Financial Condition and Capital Requirements We currently have no product revenue and will need to raise capital to operate our business. To date, we have generated no product revenue and cannot predict when and if we will generate product revenue. We had an accumulated deficit of $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2025. Until, and unless, we complete clinical trials and other development activity, and receive approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities, for our drug candidates, we cannot sell our drugs and will not have product revenue. We expect to spend substantial funds to continue the research, development and testing of our products that are in the preclinical and clinical testing stages of development and to prepare to commercialize products in anticipation of FDA approval. Therefore, for the foreseeable future, we will have to fund all of our operations and development expenditures from cash on hand, equity or debt financings, licensing fees and grants. Additional financing will be required to meet our liquidity needs. If we do not succeed in raising additional funds on acceptable terms, we might not be able to complete planned preclinical and clinical trials or obtain approval of any drug candidates from the FDA and other regulatory authorities. In addition, we could be forced to discontinue product development, reduce or forego sales and marketing efforts, forego attractive business opportunities or curtail operations. Any additional sources of financing could involve the issuance of our equity securities, which would have a dilutive effect on our stockholders. No assurance can be given that additional financing will be available to us when needed on acceptable terms, or at all. We cannot be certain that we will achieve or sustain profitability in the future. Failure to achieve profitability could diminish our ability to sustain operations, pay dividends on our common stock, obtain additional required funds and make required payments on our present or future indebtedness. 28 Table of Contents We expect to incur future losses and we may never become profitable. We have incurred operating losses of $287.4 million, $195.1 million and $154.5 million during 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively, and expect to incur an operating loss in 2026 and beyond. We believe that operating losses will continue in 2026 and beyond because we are planning to incur significant costs associated with the development of our drug candidates and, if we are successful in obtaining regulatory approval to market one or more of our product candidates, the marketing and commercialization of such approved product(s). During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we incurred $111.8 million, $73.0 million and $32.4 million in clinical trial expense and $47.1 million, $16.4 million and $24.1 million in contract manufacturing expense. Our net losses have had and will continue to have an adverse effect on, among other things, our stockholders’ equity, total assets and working capital. Even if we are successful in obtaining regulatory approval for barzolvolimab or one or more of our other drug candidates, our ability to generate revenue will still be dependent on a number of factors outside of our control, including, the size of the addressable market, the label for which approval is granted, the accepted price for the product, and/or the ability to get and maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement. See “ If our drug candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval do not achieve broad acceptance from physicians, patients and third-party payors, we may be unable to generate significant revenues, if any ” below. We expect that losses will fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year, and that such fluctuations may be substantial. We cannot predict when we will become profitable, if at all. We will need additional capital to fund our operations, including the development, manufacture and potential commercialization of our drug candidates. If we do not have or cannot raise additional capital when needed, we may be unable to develop and ultimately commercialize our drug candidates successfully. We expect to incur significant costs as we develop our drug candidates. The continuing development and commercialization of our drug candidates requires additional capital beyond our current resources. As of December 31, 2025, we had cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities of $518.6 million. During the next twelve months and beyond, we will take further steps to raise additional capital to fund our long-term liquidity needs. Our capital raising activities may include, but may not be limited to, one or more of the following: ● licensing of drug candidates with existing or new collaborative partners; ● possible business combinations; ● issuance of debt; or ● issuance of common stock or other securities via private placements or public offerings. While we may seek capital through a number of means, there can be no assurance that additional financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all, and our negotiating position in capital-raising efforts may worsen as existing resources are used. There is also no assurance that we will be able to enter into further collaborative relationships. Additional equity financing may be dilutive to our stockholders; debt financing, if available, may involve significant cash payment obligations and covenants that restrict our ability to operate as a business; and licensing or strategic collaborations may result in royalties or other terms which reduce our economic potential from drug candidates under development. If we are unable to raise the funds necessary to meet our liquidity needs, we may have to delay or discontinue the development of one or more programs, discontinue or delay ongoing or anticipated clinical trials, discontinue or delay our commercial manufacturing efforts, discontinue or delay our efforts to expand into additional indications for our drug product candidates, license out programs earlier than expected, raise funds at significant discount or on other unfavorable terms, if at all, or sell all or part of our business. Our stockholders may be subject to substantial dilution if we elect to pay future milestone consideration to the former Kolltan stockholders in shares of common stock. If we elect to pay future milestone consideration in cash, we would likely need to raise additional capital. In connection with the agreement pursuant to which we acquired Kolltan in 2016 (the “Merger Agreement”) as modified by the definitive settlement agreement (the “Settlement Agreement”) we entered on July 15, 2022 related to litigation arising from the 29 Table of Contents Kolltan merger, in the event that regulatory approval by the United States Food and Drug Administration or European Medicines Agency of certain drug candidates are achieved, we will be required to pay to the former stockholders of Kolltan a milestone payment of $52,500,000, which milestone payment may be made, at our sole election, in cash, in shares of our common stock or a combination of both, subject to provisions of the Merger Agreement. We may require additional capital to fund the milestone payment in cash, depending on the facts and circumstances at the time such payment becomes due. The number of shares of our common stock issuable in connection with a milestone payment, if any, will be determined based on the average closing price per share of our common stock for the five trading day period ending three calendar days prior to the achievement of such milestone. If we elect to pay the milestone payment in shares of our common stock, our stockholders would experience substantial dilution. Risks Related to Development and Regulatory Approval of Drug Candidates Our long-term success depends heavily on our ability to fund and complete the research and development activities and obtain regulatory approval for our program assets. Only a small minority of all research and development programs ultimately result in commercially successful drugs. Clinical failure can occur at any stage of clinical development. Clinical and preclinical trials may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical or preclinical trials. In addition, data obtained from trials are susceptible to varying interpretations, and regulators may not interpret our data as favorably as we do, which may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. Success in preclinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will generate the same results or otherwise provide adequate data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of a drug candidate. As part of development, we also must show that we can formulate and manufacture our product candidates in compliance with regulatory requirements. We will need substantial additional financing to complete the development of our drug candidates and comply with the regulatory requirements governing this process. Further, even if we complete the development of our drug candidates and gain marketing approvals from the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities in a timely manner, we cannot be sure that such drug candidates will be commercially successful in the pharmaceutical market. If the results of clinical trials, the anticipated or actual timing of marketing approvals, or the market acceptance of any of our drug candidates, if approved, do not meet the expectations of investors or public market analysts, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. Our drug candidates are subject to extensive regulatory scrutiny. All of our drug candidates are at various stages of development, and our activities and drug candidates are significantly regulated by a number of governmental entities, including the FDA in the United States and by comparable authorities in other countries. These entities regulate, among other things, the manufacture, testing, safety, effectiveness, labeling, documentation, advertising and sale of drugs and drug candidates. We or our partners must obtain regulatory approval for a drug candidate in all of these areas before we can commercialize any of our drug candidates. Product development within this regulatory framework takes a number of years and involves the expenditure of substantial resources. This process typically requires extensive preclinical and clinical testing, which may take longer or cost more than we anticipate, and may prove unsuccessful due to numerous factors. Many drug candidates that initially appear promising ultimately do not reach the market because they are found to be unsafe or ineffective when tested. Companies in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and immunotherapeutic drug industries have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials, even after obtaining promising results in earlier trials. Our inability to commercialize a drug candidate would impair our ability to earn future revenues. Premarket review of our product candidates by the FDA and/or other regulatory authorities is a lengthy and uncertain process and approval may be delayed, limited or denied, any of which would adversely affect our ability to generate operating revenues. We are not permitted to market our drug product candidates in the United States until we receive approval of an application by the FDA. The time required to obtain approval by the FDA is unpredictable, but typically takes multiple years following the commencement of clinical trials, and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of the FDA and the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved. Similar processes are used in countries outside of the U.S. We have not submitted a marketing application such as BLA or NDA to the FDA or any similar application to any other regulatory authority in any jurisdiction. 30 Table of Contents The FDA has substantial discretion in the drug approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons. For example, the FDA: ● could determine that the information provided by us as part of an IND or BLA/NDA is inadequate, contains clinical deficiencies or otherwise fails to demonstrate safety and effectiveness of any of our product candidates for any indication; ● may not find the data from pre-clinical and clinical trials sufficient to support the submission of a marketing application or to obtain marketing approval, including any findings that the safety risks outweigh clinical and other benefits of our product candidates; ● may require us to perform additional studies to demonstrate the safety, efficacy, pharmacokinetics, or other properties of our product candidates prior to approval, or require such studies as a condition of approval; ● may disagree with our clinical trial designs or our interpretation of data from product development manufacturing data, bioequivalence studies and/or clinical trials, or may change the requirements for approval even after it has reviewed and commented on the design for our trials; ● may identify deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we enter into agreements for the supply of the API used in our product candidates; ● may identify deficiencies in our own manufacturing processes or our proposed scale-up of the manufacturing processes or facilities for the production of our product candidates; ● may approve our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, or may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-approval clinical trials; ● may change its approval policies or adopt new regulations; or ● may not approve the labeling claims that we believe are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidates. The time and expense of the approval process, as well as the unpredictability of future clinical trial results and other contributing factors, may result in our failure to obtain regulatory approval to market, in the United States or other jurisdictions, barzolvolimab and other drug candidates that we are developing or may seek to develop in the future, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations and prospects. In such case, we may also not have the resources to conduct new clinical trials and/or we may determine that further clinical development of any such drug candidate is not justified and may discontinue any such programs. Disruptions at the U.S. FDA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or otherwise could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, or otherwise review and process regulatory submissions in a timely manner, which could negatively impact our business. The ability of the U.S. FDA to review and process regulatory submissions can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory, policy changes, and other events that may otherwise affect the U.S. FDA’s ability to perform routine functions. For example, over the last several years, the U.S. government has shut down several times, including the most recent U.S. government shutdown which lasted from October 1, 2025 through November 12, 2025, and certain regulatory agencies, such as the U.S. FDA, have had to furlough U.S. FDA employees and suspend certain activities. Disruptions at the U.S. FDA and other agencies may also slow the time necessary for new drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs or continues, or if the U.S. FDA or other regulatory authorities is prevented from conducting their regular inspections, reviews, or other regulatory activities, for any reason, it could significantly impact the ability of the U.S. FDA or other regulatory authorities to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 31 Table of Contents If our drug candidates do not pass required tests for safety and effectiveness, we will not be able to obtain regulatory approval and derive commercial revenue from them. In order to succeed, we will need to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates. The FDA has not approved any of our drug candidates for sale to date. Our drug candidates are in various stages of preclinical and clinical testing. Preclinical tests are performed at an early stage of a product’s development and provide information about a drug candidate’s safety and effectiveness before initiating human clinical trials. Preclinical tests can last years. If a product passes its preclinical tests satisfactorily and we determine that further development is warranted, we would file an IND application for the product with the FDA, and, if the FDA gives its approval, we would begin Phase 1 clinical tests. Phase 1 testing generally lasts between 6 and 24 months. If Phase 1 test results are satisfactory and the FDA gives its approval, we can begin Phase 2 clinical tests. Phase 2 testing generally lasts between 6 and 36 months. If Phase 2 test results are satisfactory and the FDA gives its approval, we can begin Phase 3 pivotal studies. Phase 3 studies generally last between 12 and 48 months. Once clinical testing is completed and a BLA or NDA is filed with the FDA, it may take more than a year to receive FDA approval. In all cases we must show that a drug candidate is both safe and effective before the FDA, or drug approval agencies of other countries where we intend to sell the product, will approve it for sale. Our research and testing programs must comply with drug approval requirements both in the United States and in other countries, since we are developing our drug candidates with the intention to, or could later decide to, commercialize them both in the U.S. and abroad. A product may fail for safety or effectiveness at any stage of the testing process. A major risk we face is the possibility that none of our products under development will come through the testing process to final approval for sale, with the result that we cannot derive any commercial revenue from them after investing significant amounts of capital in multiple stages of preclinical and clinical testing. Success in early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and we cannot assure you that any of the clinical trials that we may conduct will demonstrate consistent or adequate efficacy and safety to obtain regulatory approval. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of the results of later- stage clinical trials, and interim results of a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. Preclinical and clinical data are susceptible to various interpretations and analyses, and many companies that have believed their drug candidates performed satisfactorily in preclinical studies and early-stage clinical trials have nonetheless failed to replicate such results in later-stage clinical trials and subsequently failed to obtain marketing approval. Drug candidates in later-stage clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy despite having progressed through preclinical and initial clinical trials, even if certain analyses of primary or secondary endpoints in those early trials showed trends towards efficacy. Later-stage clinical trials with larger numbers of patients or longer durations of therapy may also reveal safety concerns that were not identified in earlier smaller or shorter trials. Our failure to demonstrate efficacy and safety data sufficient to support marketing approval for any of our other drug candidates would substantially harm our business, prospectus, financial condition and results of operations. Product testing is critical to the success of our drug candidates but subject to delay or cancellation if we have difficulty enrolling patients. As our portfolio of drug candidates moves from preclinical testing to clinical testing, and then through progressively larger and more complex clinical trials, we will need to enroll an increasing number of patients with the appropriate characteristics. At times we have experienced difficulty enrolling patients, and we may experience more difficulty as the scale of our clinical testing program increases. The factors that affect our ability to enroll patients are largely uncontrollable and include principally the following: ● the nature of the clinical test; ● the size of the patient population; ● patients’ willingness to receive a placebo or less effective treatment on the control arm of a clinical study; ● the distance between patients and clinical test sites; and ● the eligibility criteria for the trial. If we cannot enroll patients as needed, our costs may increase, or we may be forced to delay or terminate testing for a product. 32 Table of Contents We may have delays in commencing, enrolling and completing our clinical trials, and we may not complete them at all. We have not completed the clinical trials necessary to obtain FDA approval to market any of our drug candidates in development. Clinical trials for our products in development may be delayed or terminated as a result of many factors, including the following: ● inability to reach agreements on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations (CROs) and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; ● difficulty in enrolling patients in our clinical trials; ● inability to maintain necessary supplies of study drug and comparator to maintain predicted enrollment rates at clinical trial sites; ● patients failing to complete clinical trials due to dissatisfaction with the treatment, side effects or other reasons; ● failure by regulators to authorize us to commence a clinical trial; ● suspension or termination by regulators of clinical research for many reasons, including concerns about patient safety, bias or failure of our contract manufacturers to comply with cGMP requirements; ● delays or failure to obtain clinical supply for our products necessary to conduct clinical trials from contract manufacturers, including commercial grade-clinical supply for our Phase 3 clinical trials; ● inability to identify and maintain a sufficient number of trial sites, many of which may already be engaged in other clinical trial programs, including some that may be for the same indication as our product candidates; ● drug candidates demonstrating a lack of efficacy during clinical trials; ● inability to continue to fund clinical trials or to find a partner to fund the clinical trials; ● competition with ongoing clinical trials and scheduling conflicts with participating clinicians; and ● delays in completing data collection and analysis for clinical trials. Any delay or failure to commence, enroll or complete clinical trials, fulfill regulatory requirements and obtain FDA approval for our drug candidates could have a material adverse effect on our cost to develop and commercialize, and our ability to generate revenue from, a particular drug candidate. If serious adverse or unacceptable side effects are identified during the development of our drug candidates, such events could prevent us from obtaining regulatory approval or achieving market acceptance of our drug candidates, and we may need to abandon or limit our development of some of our drug candidates. If our drug candidates are associated with serious adverse events or undesirable side effects in clinical trials or have characteristics that are unexpected, such events could prevent us from obtaining regulatory approval or achieving market acceptance of our drug candidates, and we may need to abandon their development or limit development to more narrow uses or subpopulations in which the serious adverse events, undesirable side effects or other characteristics are less prevalent, less severe or more acceptable from a risk-benefit perspective. In pharmaceutical development, many drugs that initially show promise in early-stage testing are later found to cause side effects that prevent further development of the drug. Currently marketed therapies for the treatment of inflammatory diseases are generally limited to some extent by their toxicity. In addition, some of our drug candidates would be chronic therapies or be used in pediatric populations, for which safety concerns may be particularly important. Use of our drug candidates as monotherapies may also result in adverse events consistent in nature with those associated with other marketed therapies. In addition, when used in combination with other marketed therapies, our drug candidates may exacerbate adverse events associated with the marketed therapy. 33 Table of Contents Our drug candidates, including barzolvolimab, are monoclonal antibodies, which are biologics. Side effects from biologics may include but are not limited to hypersensitivity; severe reactions such as anaphylaxis or cytokine release syndrome; immune-mediated adverse reactions that may occur in any organ system or tissue, such as pneumonitis, colitis, hepatitis, endocrinopathies, nephritis, and dermatologic reactions; as well as infusion-related reactions, cellulitis, sepsis, pneumonia, urinary tract infection, fatigue, rash, and diarrhea. Most biologics, including our drug candidates, are injected, either subcutaneously or intravenously. There are risks inherent in subcutaneous injections, such as injection-site reactions (including redness, itching, swelling, pain, and tenderness) and other side effects. In addition, there are risks inherent in intravenous administration such as infusion-related reactions (including nausea, pyrexia, rash, and dyspnea). These and other complications or side effects could harm further development and/or commercialization of our antibody-based products and product candidates utilizing this method of administration. In addition to the safety, efficacy, manufacturing, and regulatory hurdles faced by our product candidates, the administration of biologics frequently causes an immune response, sometimes resulting in the creation of antibodies against the drug candidate which can impact the safety and/or efficacy associated with the treatment. We may expend our resources to pursue a particular drug candidate or indication and forgo the opportunity to capitalize on drug candidates or indications that may ultimately be more profitable or for which there is a greater likelihood of success. Because we have limited financial and managerial resources, we intend to focus on developing drug candidates for specific indications that we identify as most likely to succeed, in terms of both their potential for regulatory approval and commercialization. As a result, we may forego or delay pursuit of opportunities with other drug candidates or for other indications that may prove to have greater commercial potential. Our resource allocation decisions may cause us to fail to capitalize on viable commercial drugs or profitable market opportunities. Our spending on current and future research and development programs and drug candidates for specific indications may not yield any commercially viable drug candidates. If we do not accurately evaluate the commercial potential or target market for a particular drug candidate, we may relinquish valuable rights to that drug candidate through collaboration, licensing or other royalty arrangements in cases in which it would have been more advantageous for us to retain sole development and commercialization rights to the drug candidate. We may be unable to manage multiple late-stage clinical trials for a variety of drug candidates simultaneously. As our current clinical trials progress, we may need to manage multiple late-stage clinical trials simultaneously in order to continue developing all of our current products. The management of late-stage clinical trials is more complex and time consuming than early-stage trials. Typically, early-stage trials involve several hundred patients in no more than 10 to 30 clinical sites. Late-stage (Phase 3) trials may involve up to several thousand patients in up to several hundred clinical sites and may require facilities in several countries. Therefore, the project management required to supervise and control such an extensive program in a compliant manner is substantially larger than early-stage programs. As the need for these resources is not known until some months before the trials begin, it is necessary to recruit large numbers of experienced and talented individuals very quickly. If the labor market does not allow this team to be recruited quickly, we could be faced with a decision to delay the program or to initiate it with inadequate management resources. This may result in recruitment of inappropriate patients, inadequate monitoring of clinical investigators and inappropriate handling of data or data analysis. Consequently, it is possible that conclusions of efficacy or safety may not be acceptable to permit filing of a BLA or NDA for any one of the above reasons or a combination of several. Failure to successfully validate, develop and obtain regulatory approval for companion diagnostics for our drug candidates, if needed, could harm our drug development strategy and operational results. As an element of our clinical development approach, we may seek to screen and identify subsets of patients that express a certain biomarker or that have a certain genetic alteration who may derive meaningful benefit from our development drug candidates. To achieve this, one or more of our drug development programs may be dependent on the development and commercialization of a companion diagnostic by us or by third-party collaborators. Companion diagnostics are developed in conjunction with clinical programs for the associated drug candidate. Companion diagnostics are subject to regulation as medical devices and must themselves be approved for marketing by the FDA or certain other foreign regulatory agencies before the related drug candidate may be commercialized. The approval of a companion diagnostic as part of the product label will limit the use of the drug candidate to only 34 Table of Contents those patients who express the specific biomarker it was developed to detect. We or our third-party collaborators may also experience delays in developing a sustainable, reproducible and scalable manufacturing process or transferring that process to commercial partners or negotiating insurance reimbursement for such companion diagnostic, all of which may prevent us from completing our clinical trials or commercializing our drugs on a timely or profitable basis, if at all. We and our third-party collaborators may encounter difficulties in developing and obtaining approval for these companion diagnostics. Any delay or failure by us or third-party collaborators to develop or obtain regulatory approval of a companion diagnostic could delay or prevent approval of our related drug candidates or, if regulatory approval is obtained, delay or limit our ability to commercialize our related drug candidates. Any delay in obtaining regulatory approval would have an adverse impact on our ability to earn future revenues. It is possible that none of the drug candidates that we develop will obtain the regulatory approvals necessary for us to begin commercializing them. The time required to obtain FDA and other approvals is unpredictable but in general takes years following the commencement of clinical trials, depending upon the nature of the drug candidate. Any analysis we perform of data from clinical activities is subject to confirmation and interpretation by regulatory authorities, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. Any delay or failure in obtaining required approvals could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenues from the particular drug candidate including, but not limited to, loss of patent term during the approval period. Furthermore, if we, or our partners, do not reach the market with our products before our competitors offer products for the same or similar uses, or if we, or our partners, are not effective in marketing our products, our revenues from product sales, if any, will be reduced. We face intense competition in our development activities. We face competition from many companies in the United States and abroad, including a number of large pharmaceutical companies. Most of our competitors have substantially greater resources, more extensive experience in conducting preclinical studies and clinical testing and obtaining regulatory approvals for their products, greater operating experience, greater research and development and marketing capabilities and greater production capabilities than those of ours. These companies might succeed in obtaining regulatory approval for competitive products more rapidly than we can for our products, especially if we experience any delay in obtaining required regulatory approvals. We may enter into collaboration agreements for the licensing, development and ultimate commercialization of some of our drug candidates including, where appropriate, for our lead drug candidates. In such cases, we will depend greatly on our third-party collaborators to license, develop and commercialize such drug candidates, and they may not meet our expectations. We may enter into co-development and commercialization partnerships for our drug candidates where appropriate. The process of identifying collaborators and negotiating collaboration agreements for the licensing, development and ultimate commercialization of some of our drug candidates may cause delays and increased costs. We may not be able to enter into collaboration agreements on terms favorable to us or at all. Furthermore, some of those agreements may give substantial responsibility over our drug candidates to the collaborator. Some collaborators may be unable or unwilling to devote sufficient resources to develop our drug candidates as their agreements require. They often face business risks similar to ours, and this could interfere with their efforts. Also, collaborators may choose to devote their resources to products that compete with ours. If a collaborator does not successfully develop any one of our products, we will need to find another collaborator to do so. The success of our search for a new collaborator will depend on our legal right to do so at the time and whether the product remains commercially viable. If we enter into collaboration agreements for one or more of our lead drug candidates, the success of such drug candidates will depend in great part upon our and our collaborators’ success in promoting them as superior to other treatment alternatives. We believe that our drug candidates can be proven to offer disease treatment with notable advantages over drugs in terms of patient compliance and effectiveness. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to prove these advantages or that the advantages will be sufficient to support the successful commercialization of our drug candidates. 35 Table of Contents Risks Related to Commercialization of Our Drug Candidates We may face delays, difficulties or unanticipated costs in establishing and maintaining sales, marketing, market access, patient services and distribution capabilities or seeking a partnership for the commercialization of our drug candidates, even if regulatory approval is obtained. We may retain full economic rights to our drug candidates or seek favorable economic terms through advantageous commercial partnerships. As a result, we may have full responsibility for commercialization of one or more of our drug candidates if and when they are approved for sale. We currently lack sufficient sales, marketing, market access, patient services and distribution capabilities to carry out this strategy. If any of our drug candidates are approved by the FDA, we will need a drug sales force with technical expertise and commercial-scale manufacturing capabilities prior to the commercialization of any of our drug candidates. We will also need to invest in new enterprise risk management programs to assist us with complying with the increasingly complex laws and requirements pertaining to commercial companies, including those related to regulatory oversight, financial reporting, and internal controls. We may not succeed in developing these new capabilities, the cost of establishing such capabilities may exceed any product revenue, or our direct marketing and sales efforts may be unsuccessful. We may find it necessary to enter into strategic partnerships, co-promotion or other licensing arrangements. To the extent we enter into such strategic partnerships, co- promotion or other licensing arrangements, our product revenues may be lower than if we directly marketed and sold such drugs, and some or all of the revenues we receive will depend upon the efforts of third parties, which may not be successful and may not be within our control. If we are unable to enter into such strategic partnerships, co-promotion or other licensing arrangements on acceptable terms or at all, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our existing and future drug candidates. If we are not successful in commercializing any drug candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval, either on our own or through collaborations with one or more third parties, our future product revenue will suffer, and we may never achieve profitability or become unable to continue the operation of our business. If our drug candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval do not achieve broad acceptance from physicians, patients and third-party payors, we may be unable to generate significant revenues, if any. Even if we obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates, our approved drugs may not gain market acceptance among physicians and patients. We believe that effectively marketing our drug candidates, if any of them are approved, will require substantial efforts, both prior to commercial launch and after approval. Physicians may elect not to prescribe our drugs, and patients may elect not to request or take them, for a variety of reasons, including: ● limitations or warnings contained in a drug’s FDA-approved labeling; ● changes in the standard of care or the availability of alternative drugs for the targeted indications for any of our drug candidates; ● limitations in the approved indications for our drug candidates; ● the approval, availability, market acceptance and reimbursement for the companion diagnostic, where applicable; ● demonstrated clinical safety and efficacy compared to other drugs; ● the prevalence and severity of adverse side effects; ● effectiveness of education, sales, marketing and distribution support; ● the ability of the third-party manufacturers we contract with to provide an adequate (in amount and quality) supply of product to support the market demand; ● timing of market introduction and perceived effectiveness of competitive drugs; ● price, cost-effectiveness and the extent to which any government action results in downward pressure on the price that we would receive for our drug candidates; ● acceptance of our drug candidates as safe, effective and well-tolerated by patients and the medical community; 36 Table of Contents ● adverse publicity about our drug candidates or favorable publicity about competitive drugs; ● convenience and ease of administration of our drug candidates; ● our potential involvement in lawsuits in connection with enforcing intellectual property rights in and to our drug candidates; and ● willingness of third-party payors to reimburse for the cost of our drug candidates. If our future drugs, if any, fail to achieve market acceptance or we fail to secure and maintain adequate coverage and reimbursement for our future drugs, if any, we will not be able to generate significant revenues and may never achieve profitability. Even if any of our drug candidates receive FDA approval, the terms of the approval may limit such drug’s commercial potential. Additionally, even after receipt of FDA approval, such drug would be subject to substantial, ongoing regulatory requirements. The FDA has complete discretion over the approval of our drug candidates. If the FDA grants approval, the scope of the approval may limit our ability to commercialize such drug, and in turn, limit our ability to generate substantial product revenue. For example, the FDA may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-approval clinical trials or subject to warnings or contraindications or under a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (REMS) drug safety program. Additionally, after approval, the manufacturing processes, labeling, packaging, distribution, adverse event reporting, storage, advertising, promotion and recordkeeping for such drug will be subject to extensive and ongoing regulatory requirements. In addition, manufacturers of our drug candidates are required to comply with cGMP regulations, which include requirements related to quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation. Further, regulatory authorities must inspect and approve these manufacturing facilities before they can be used to manufacture our drug candidates, and these facilities are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with cGMP regulations. If we or a third party discover previously unknown problems with a drug, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the drug is manufactured, a regulatory authority may impose restrictions on that product, the manufacturer or us, including requiring withdrawal of the drug from the market or suspension of manufacturing. If we, our drug candidates or the manufacturing facilities for our drug candidates fail to comply with regulatory requirements of the FDA and/or other non-U.S. regulatory authorities, we could be subject to administrative or judicially imposed sanctions, including the following: ● warning letters; ● civil or criminal penalties and fines; ● injunctions; ● consent decrees; ● suspension or withdrawal of regulatory approval; ● suspension of any ongoing clinical studies; ● voluntary or mandatory product recalls and publicity requirements; ● refusal to accept or approve applications for marketing approval of new drugs; ● restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or ● seizure or detention of drugs or import bans. The regulatory requirements and policies may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted with which we may also be required to comply. We cannot predict the likelihood, nature or extent of government regulation that may arise from future 37 Table of Contents legislation or administrative action, either in the United States or in other countries. If we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may not be permitted to market our future products and our business may suffer. Reimbursement decisions by third-party payors may have an adverse effect on pricing and market acceptance of any of our drug candidates. If there is not sufficient reimbursement for our future drugs, it is less likely that such drugs will be widely used. Market acceptance and sales of any of our drug candidates for which we obtain regulatory approval will depend on reimbursement policies and may be affected by future health care reform measures in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions. Government authorities and third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs they will cover and establish payment levels. In addition, government authorities and these third-party payors are increasingly attempting to contain health care costs by demanding price discounts or rebates and limiting both the types and variety of drugs that they will cover and the amounts that they will pay for these drugs. In addition, we might need to conduct post-marketing studies in order to demonstrate the cost-effectiveness of any future drugs to such payors’ satisfaction. Such studies might require us to commit a significant amount of management time and financial and other resources. Reimbursement rates may vary according to the use of the drug and the clinical setting in which it is used, may be based on payments allowed for lower-cost products that are already reimbursed, may be incorporated into existing payments for other products or services and may reflect budgetary constraints and/or imperfections in Medicare or Medicaid data used to calculate these rates. Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government health care programs. Such programs, or regulatory changes or relaxation of laws that restrict imports of drugs from other countries, could reduce the net price we receive for any future marketed drugs. In addition, our future drugs might not ultimately be considered cost-effective. We cannot be certain that reimbursement will be available for any drug candidates that we develop. Also, we cannot be certain that reimbursement policies will not reduce the demand for, or the price paid for, any future drugs. If reimbursement is not available or is available on a limited basis, we may not be able to successfully commercialize any drug candidates that we develop. Other factors could affect the demand for and sales and profitability of any drug candidates that we may commercialize in the future. In general, other factors that could affect the demand for and sales and profitability of our future drugs include, but are not limited to: ● the timing of regulatory approval, if any, of competitive drugs; ● our or any other of our partners’ pricing decisions, as applicable, including a decision to increase or decrease the price of a drug, and the pricing decisions of our competitors; ● government and third-party payor reimbursement and coverage decisions that affect the utilization of our future drugs and competing drugs; ● negative safety or efficacy data from new clinical studies conducted either in the U.S. or internationally by any party, which could cause the sales of our future drugs to decrease or a future drug to be recalled; ● the degree of patent protection afforded our future drugs by patents granted to or licensed by us and by the outcome of litigation involving our or any of our licensor’s patents; ● marketing exclusivity, if any, awarded by the FDA to our drugs; ● the outcome of litigation involving patents of other companies concerning our future drugs or processes related to production and formulation of those drugs or uses of those drugs; ● the increasing use and development of alternate therapies; ● the rate of market penetration by competing drugs; and ● the termination of, or change in, existing arrangements with our partners. 38 Table of Contents Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the sales of any drug candidates that we may commercialize in the future. Failure to obtain regulatory approvals in foreign jurisdictions will prevent us from marketing our products internationally. We may seek approval for our drug candidates outside the United States and may market future products in international markets. In order to market our future products in the European Economic Area, or EEA, and many other foreign jurisdictions, we must obtain separate regulatory approvals. Specifically, in the EEA, medicinal products can only be commercialized after obtaining a Marketing Authorization, or MA. Before granting the MA, the European Medicines Agency or the competent authorities of the member states of the EEA make an assessment of the risk-benefit balance of the product on the basis of scientific criteria concerning its quality, safety and efficacy. Similar regulatory review and risk-benefit assessments may apply to other regulatory authorities and payer bodies in markets around the world. The approval procedures vary among countries and can involve additional clinical testing, and the time required to obtain approval may differ from that required to obtain FDA approval. Clinical studies conducted in one country may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other countries. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries, and approval by one or more foreign regulatory authorities does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other foreign countries or by the FDA. However, a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative effect on the regulatory process in others. The foreign regulatory approval process may include all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. We may not obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all. We may not be able to file for regulatory approvals, and even if we file, we may not receive necessary approvals to commercialize our products in any market. If we obtain approval to commercialize any approved products outside of the United States, a variety of risks associated with international operations could materially adversely affect our business. If our drug candidates are approved for commercialization outside of the United States, we expect that we will be subject to additional risks related to international operations and entering into international business relationships, including: ● different regulatory requirements for drug approvals; ● reduced protection for intellectual property rights, including trade secret and patent rights; ● unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers and regulatory requirements; ● economic weakness, including inflation, uncertain interest rate environments or political instability in particular foreign economies and markets; ● compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; ● foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; ● foreign currency fluctuations, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenues, and other obligations incident to doing business in another country; ● workforce uncertainty in countries where employment regulations are different than, and labor unrest is more common than, in the United States; ● production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad; ● business interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, or natural disasters, including earthquakes, hurricanes, floods and fires; and 39 Table of Contents ● difficulty in importing and exporting clinical trial materials and study samples. The biopharmaceutical industry is subject to extensive legislative and regulatory obligations and policies that may be subject to change, which could increase the difficulty and cost for us to progress our clinical programs, obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and may affect the prices we may set. The U.S. biopharmaceutical industry is highly regulated and subject to frequent and substantial changes, including as a result of new judicial or government actions. Legislative and regulatory agendas as they relate to the biopharmaceutical industry are currently uncertain. Changes in the regulatory approval process, or substantial reductions in the personnel who oversee that process, increase the difficulty and cost for us to progress our clinical programs, obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates and may affect the prices we may set. In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding the regulatory system, health care system and efforts to control health care costs, including drug prices, that could have a significant negative impact on our business, including preventing, limiting or delay regulatory approval of our drug candidates and reducing the sales and profits derived from our products once they are approved. For example, in the United States, the ACA substantially changed the way health care is financed by both governmental and private insurers and significantly affects the pharmaceutical industry. Many provisions of ACA impact the biopharmaceutical industry, including that in order for a biopharmaceutical product to receive federal reimbursement under the Medicare Part B and Medicaid programs or to be sold directly to U.S. government agencies, the manufacturer must extend discounts to entities eligible to participate in the drug pricing program under the Public Health Services Act, or PHS. Since its enactment, there have been judicial and Congressional challenges and amendments to certain aspects of ACA. There is continued uncertainty about the implementation of ACA, including the potential for further amendments to the ACA and legal challenges to or efforts to repeal the ACA. In addition, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, enacted in August 2022, empowers the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to negotiate directly with pharmaceutical companies to set the prices for a limited set of high-cost drugs covered by Medicare, and puts penalties in place for drug manufacturers who increase their Medicare prices by more than the rate of inflation. Additionally, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted. For example, on July 4, 2025, the annual reconciliation bill, the “One Big Beautiful Bill Act,” or OBBBA, was signed into law which is expected to reduce Medicaid spending and enrollment by implementing work requirements for some beneficiaries, capping state-directed payments, reducing federal funding, and limiting provider taxes used to fund the program. OBBBA also narrows access to ACA marketplace exchange enrollment and declines to extend the ACA enhanced advanced premium tax credits, set to expire at the end of 2025, which, among other provisions in the law, are anticipated to reduce the number of Americans with health insurance. OBBBA or any other similar laws introduced in the future may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other health care funding, which could negatively affect our addressable market if we are successful in obtaining regulatory approval for one or more of our drug candidates. Moreover, the current administration is pursuing policies to reduce regulations and expenditures across government including at HHS, the FDA, CMS and related agencies. These actions, presently directed by executive orders or memoranda from the Office of Management and Budget, may propose policy changes that create additional uncertainty for our business. For example, on September 30, 2025, the current administration announced the first agreement with a major pharmaceutical company that requires the drug manufacturer to offer, through a direct to consumer platform, U.S. patients and Medicaid programs prescription drug Most-Favored Nation pricing equal to or lower than those paid in other developed nations, with additional mandates for direct-to-patient discounts and repatriation of foreign revenues. Since then, other pharmaceutical companies have entered similar agreements. In addition, CMS has released several drug pricing proposed rules in the form of demonstration projects that test whether most favored pricing could increase prescription drug affordability in the United States. If adopted, these rules would implement new, mandatory drug rebate schemes for select drugs in Medicare Parts B and D. In addition, on June 28, 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court issued an opinion holding that courts reviewing agency action pursuant to the Administrative Procedure Act (“APA”) “must exercise their independent judgment” and “may not defer to an agency interpretation of the law simply because a statute is ambiguous.” The decision could have a significant impact on how lower courts evaluate challenges to agency interpretations of law, including those by the FDA and other agencies with significant oversight of the biopharmaceutical industry. The new framework may increase both the frequency of such challenges and their odds of success by eliminating one way in which the government previously prevailed in such cases. As a result, significant regulatory policies could be 40 Table of Contents subject to increased litigation and judicial scrutiny. We cannot predict how other future federal or state legislative or administrative changes relating to healthcare reform or the biopharmaceutical industry, or the regulatory agencies that oversee the biopharmaceutical industry, will affect our business. We and our current and future third party collaborators may rely on government programs or agencies, such as the National Institutes for Health (“NIH”), as a source of grant funding for scientific research relevant to our product candidates. Funding from government agencies such as the NIH can fluctuate and is subject to the political process, which is often unpredictable. For example, earlier in 2025, the U.S. government adopted a new policy that would limit National Institutes of Health research funding for “indirect costs” to 15% of grants, which is an important form of funding for medical research at universities, medical schools, research hospitals and other scientific institutions and is significantly below what many institutions have been receiving for indirect costs. Although these reductions are the subject of legal challenges, they may remain in place. Reductions in NIH grants to us or our third-party collaborators may adversely impact our ability to develop our existing product candidates and our ability to identify new product candidates. We expect additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that the U.S. federal government will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand for our product candidates or additional pricing pressures. Risks Related to Reliance on Third Parties We rely on third parties to plan, conduct and monitor our clinical tests, and their failure to perform as required would interfere with our product development. We rely on third parties to conduct a significant portion of our clinical development activities. These activities include clinical patient recruitment and observation, clinical trial monitoring, clinical data management and analysis, safety monitoring and project management. We conduct project management and medical and safety monitoring in-house for some of our programs and rely on third parties for the remainder of our clinical development activities. If any of these third parties is unable to perform in a quality and timely manner, and at a feasible cost, our clinical studies will face delays. Further, if any of these third parties fails to perform as we expect or if their work fails to meet regulatory standards, our testing could be delayed, cancelled or rendered ineffective. We rely on CDMOs, some of whom are our single source manufacturers, over whom we have limited control. Should the cost, delivery and quality of clinical materials manufactured by us in our Fall River facility or supplied by CDMOs vary to our disadvantage, our business operations could suffer significant harm. We are a research and development company and have limited experience in commercial manufacturing. To conduct late-stage clinical trials, as well as manufacture and commercialize our drug candidates, we engage CDMOs in the U.S and outside the U.S. to manufacture our drug candidates on a large scale at a competitive cost and in accordance with cGMP and U.S. and foreign regulatory requirements, as applicable. We also rely on CDMOs for filling, labeling and storage for studies inside and outside the U.S. Moreover, some of our CDMOs are currently single source manufacturers. While we plan to try to obtain multiple sources in the future, the lack of a second source at this time could expose us to a number of risks related to our supply chain if and when we become a commercial stage company, including delivery failure and drug shortages. To date, we have no qualified alternative sources for these single source CDMOs. Any manufacturing failures or compliance issues at our CDMOs could cause delays in our clinical studies or commercialization of our drug candidates. In order for us to establish our own commercial manufacturing facility, we would require substantial additional funds and would need to make facility modifications, hire and retain significant additional personnel and comply with extensive cGMP regulations applicable to such a facility. The commercial manufacturing facility would also need to be licensed for the production of our drug candidates by the FDA and meet other regulatory standards. We therefore work with CDMOs under established manufacturing arrangements that comply with the FDA’s requirements and other regulatory standards, although there is no assurance that the manufacturing will be successful. Prior to approval of any drug candidate, the FDA must review and approve validation studies for both drug substance and drug product. The manufacturing processes for our drug candidates and device delivery systems utilize known technologies. We believe that the products we currently have under development can be scaled up to permit manufacture in commercial quantities. However, there can be no assurance that we will not encounter difficulties in scaling up the manufacturing processes. Significant scale-up of 41 Table of Contents manufacturing may result in unanticipated technical challenges and may require additional validation studies that the FDA must review and approve. CDMOs may encounter difficulties in scaling up production, including problems involving supply chain, raw material suppliers, production yields, technical difficulties, scaled-up product characteristics, quality control and assurance, shortage of qualified personnel, capacity constraints, changing priorities within the CDMOs, compliance with FDA and foreign regulations, environmental compliance, production costs and development of advanced manufacturing techniques and process controls. Any of these difficulties, if they occur and are not overcome to the satisfaction of the FDA or other regulatory agency, could lead to significant delays and possibly the termination of the development program for such drug candidate. These risks become more acute as we scale up for commercial quantities, where reliable sources of drug substance and drug product become critical to commercial success. The commercial viability of any of our drug candidates, if approved, will depend on the ability of our CDMOs to produce drug substance and drug product on a large scale. Failure to achieve this level of supply can jeopardize and prevent the successful commercialization of the drug. Our leading drug candidates require specialized manufacturing capabilities and processes. We may face difficulty in securing commitments from U.S. and foreign CDMOs as these manufacturers could be unwilling or unable to accommodate our needs. Relying on foreign manufacturers involves peculiar and increased risks, including the risk relating to the difficulty foreign manufacturers may face in complying with cGMP requirements as a result of language barriers, lack of familiarity with cGMP or the FDA regulatory process, supply chain issues or other causes, economic or political instability in or affecting the home countries of our foreign manufacturers, shipping delays, potential changes in foreign regulatory laws governing the sales of our product supplies, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and the imposition or application of trade restrictions, including tariffs. There can be no assurances that CDMOs will be able to meet our timetable and requirements. While we believe that there is currently sufficient capacity worldwide for the production of our potential products through CDMOs, establishing long-term relationships with CDMOs and securing multiple sources for the necessary quantities of clinical and commercial materials required can be a challenge due to increasing industry demand for CDMO services. Qualifying the initial source of clinical and ultimately commercial material is a time consuming and expensive process due to the highly regulated nature of the pharmaceutical/biotech industry. The key difficulty in qualifying more than one source for each product is the duplicated time and expense in doing so without the potential to mitigate these costs if the secondary source is never utilized. Further, CDMOs must operate in compliance with cGMP and failure to do so could result in, among other things, the disruption of product supplies. Use of CDMOs also limits our control over and ability to monitor the manufacturing process. As a result, we may not be able to detect a variety of problems that may arise and may face additional costs in the process of interfacing with and monitoring the progress of our CDMOs. If CDMOs fail to meet our manufacturing needs in an acceptable manner or fail to comply with regulatory requirements, we would face delays and additional costs while we develop internal manufacturing capabilities or find alternate CDMOs. It may not be possible to have multiple CDMOs ready to supply us with needed material at all or without incurring significant costs. Our dependence upon CDMOs for the manufacture of our products may adversely affect our profit margins and our ability to develop, manufacture, sell and deliver products on a timely and competitive basis. Any manufacturing failures, supply chain delays or compliance issues at our Fall River facility or at our CDMOs could cause delays in our clinical studies for our drug candidates. We may need to rely on third-party collaborators to develop and commercialize companion diagnostic tests for our drug candidates. We do not have experience or capabilities in developing, administering, obtaining regulatory approval for, or commercializing companion diagnostic tests and will need to rely in large part on third-party collaborators to perform these functions. Companion diagnostic tests are subject to regulation by the FDA and similar regulatory authorities outside of the United States as medical devices and require separate regulatory approval prior to commercialization. We may need to rely on such third-party collaborators to obtain regulatory approval and commercialize such companion diagnostic tests. Such third-party collaborators: ● may not perform their obligations as expected or as required under our collaboration agreement; ● may encounter production difficulties that could constrain the supply of the companion diagnostic test; ● may have difficulties gaining acceptance of the use of the companion diagnostic test in the clinical community; ● may not pursue commercialization of the companion diagnostic test even if they receive any required regulatory approvals; 42 Table of Contents ● may elect not to continue the development or commercialization of the companion diagnostic test based on changes in the third parties’ strategic focus or available funding, or external factors such as an acquisition, that divert resources or create competing priorities; ● may be susceptible to third party cyber-attacks on our and their information security systems; ● may not commit sufficient resources to the marketing and distribution of the companion diagnostic test; and ● may terminate their relationship with us. If such third-party collaborators fail to develop, obtain regulatory approval or commercialize the companion diagnostic test, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with another diagnostic company to obtain supplies of an alternative diagnostic test for use in connection with the development and commercialization of our drug candidates or do so on commercially reasonable terms, which could adversely affect and/or delay the development or commercialization of our drug candidates. Our reliance on third parties requires us to share our trade secrets, which increases the possibility that a competitor will discover them. Because we rely on third parties to develop our drug candidates, we must share trade secrets with them. We seek to protect our proprietary technology in part by entering into confidentiality agreements and, if applicable, material transfer agreements, collaborative research agreements, consulting agreements or other similar agreements with our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants prior to beginning research or disclosing proprietary information. These agreements typically restrict the ability of our collaborators, advisors, employees and consultants to publish data potentially relating to our trade secrets. Our academic collaborators typically have rights to publish data, provided that we are notified in advance and may delay publication for a specified time in order to secure our intellectual property rights arising from the collaboration. In other cases, publication rights are controlled exclusively by us, although in some cases we may share these rights with other parties. We also conduct joint research and development programs which may require us to share trade secrets under the terms of research and development partnership or similar agreements. Despite our efforts to protect our trade secrets, our competitors may discover our trade secrets, either through breach of these agreements, independent development or publication of information including our trade secrets in cases where we do not have proprietary or otherwise protected rights at the time of publication. A competitor’s discovery of our trade secrets would impair our competitive position. Risks Related to Business Operations We may engage in strategic transactions that could impact our liquidity, increase our expenses and present significant distractions to our management. From time to time we may consider strategic transactions, including acquisitions of companies, asset purchases and out-licensing or in-licensing of products, drug candidates or technologies. Additional potential transactions that we may consider include a variety of different business arrangements, including spin-offs, strategic partnerships, joint ventures, restructurings, divestitures, business combinations, acquisitions of assets and investments. Any such transaction may require us to incur non-recurring or other charges, may increase our near and long-term expenditures and may pose significant integration challenges or disrupt our management or business, which could adversely affect our operations and financial results. For example, these transactions may entail numerous operational and financial risks, including: ● exposure to unknown liabilities; ● disruption of our business and diversion of our management’s time and attention in order to develop acquired products, drug candidates or technologies; ● incurrence of substantial debt or dilutive issuances of equity securities to pay for acquisitions; ● higher than expected acquisition and integration costs; 43 Table of Contents ● write-downs of assets or impairment charges; ● increased amortization expenses; ● difficulty and cost in combining the operations and personnel of any acquired businesses with our operations and personnel; ● impairment of relationships with key suppliers or customers of any acquired businesses due to changes in management and ownership; and ● inability to retain key employees of any acquired businesses. Accordingly, although there can be no assurance that we will undertake or successfully complete any transactions of the nature described above, any transactions that we do complete could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. We may expand our clinical development, regulatory and sales and marketing capabilities, and as a result, we may encounter difficulties in managing our growth, which could disrupt our operations. We expect that if our drug candidates continue to progress in development, we may require significant additional investment in personnel, management systems and resources, particularly in the build out of our commercial capabilities. To date we have hired a core commercial team to plan for potential commercial launches if any of our drug candidates are approved. Over the next several years, we may experience significant growth in the number of our employees and the scope of our operations, particularly in the areas of drug development, regulatory affairs and sales and marketing. To manage this potential future growth, we may continue to implement and improve our managerial, operational and financial systems, expand our facilities and continue to recruit and train additional qualified personnel. Due to our limited financial resources and the limited experience of our management team in managing a company with such anticipated growth, we may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations or recruit and train additional qualified personnel. The physical expansion of our operations may lead to significant costs and may divert our management and business development resources. Any inability to manage growth could delay the execution of our business plans or disrupt our operations. We may not be able to successfully integrate our existing technology or to modify our technologies to create new immunotherapeutic drugs. If we are able to integrate our acquired assets and licensed assets with our immunotherapy technologies, we believe these assets will give our immunotherapeutic drugs a competitive advantage. However, if we are unable to successfully integrate licensed assets, or other technologies which we have acquired or may acquire in the future, with our existing technologies and potential products currently under development, we may be unable to realize any benefit from our acquisition of these assets, or other technologies which we have acquired or may acquire in the future, and we may face the loss of our investment of financial resources and time in the integration process. We believe that our immunotherapy technology portfolio may offer opportunities to develop immunotherapeutic drugs that treat a variety of inflammatory and infectious diseases by stimulating a patient’s immune system against those diseases. If our immunotherapy technology portfolio cannot be used to create effective immunotherapeutic drugs against a variety of diseases, we may lose all or portions of our investment in development efforts for new drug candidates. Our internal computer systems, or those of our CROs, CDMOs, or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches, which could result in a material disruption of our drug development programs. Our computer systems and those of our CROs, CDMOs, and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage from cyberattacks, malicious intrusion, computer viruses, unauthorized access, data breaches, phishing attacks, cybercriminals, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication, electrical failures or other significant disruption even with a cybersecurity risk mitigation program developed by our enterprise, including management of our

--- VENDORS ---
vendors. Such information technology systems are additionally vulnerable to security breaches from inadvertent or intentional actions by our employees, third-party vendors, contractors, consultants, business partners, and/or other third parties. The risks of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusion, including by traditional computer “hackers,” threat actors, personnel (such as through theft, inadvertent 44 Table of Contents mistake or misuse), sophisticated nation-state and nation-state-supported actors, sovereign governments and cyber terrorists, have generally increased over time, including for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities, along with the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world. During times of war and other major conflicts, we and the third parties upon which we rely may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including cyber-attacks that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain and ability to produce and distribute our products and product candidates. If any such events were to occur and cause interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our drug development programs and commercialization efforts. For example, the loss of clinical study data from completed or ongoing clinical studies for any of our drug candidates could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. Further, the risk of cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents may be heightened due to common, external attempts to attack our information technology systems and data using means such as phishing, deepfakes, other social engineering and vulnerability exploitation. To the extent that any disruption or security breach were to result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development or commercialization of our drug candidates could be delayed. While we have not experienced any material disruptions to our business, systems or operations as a result of a cybersecurity incident to date, if such an event were to occur and cause material interruptions in our operations, it could result in a material disruption of our independent drug development programs and our business overall. For example, the loss of clinical trial data from ongoing or future clinical trials for any of our product candidates could result in delays in regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase costs to recover or reproduce the data. Our information security systems are also subject to laws and regulations requiring that we take measures to protect the privacy and security of certain information we gather and use in our business. For example, HIPAA and its implementing regulations impose, among other requirements, certain regulatory and contractual requirements regarding the privacy and security of personal health information. In the European Union, the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, further restricts all applicable personal data, including information masked by a coding system that is not considered deidentified data under applicable law. In addition to HIPAA and GDPR, numerous other federal and state laws, including, without limitation, state security breach notification laws, state health information privacy laws and federal and state consumer protection laws, govern the collection, use, disclosure, protection and storage of personal information. To the extent that any disruption or security breach of our information technology systems were to result in a loss of or damage to data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of third-party notifiable confidential or proprietary information, personal health information, personal information or personal data, we could incur substantial liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, our reputation would be damaged, and the further development of our product candidates could be delayed, any of which could adversely affect our business. The costs related to significant security breaches or disruptions could be material and exceed the limits of the cybersecurity insurance we maintain against such risks. We cannot anticipate all possible types of security threats and we cannot guarantee that our data protection efforts and our investments in information technology will prevent significant breakdowns, data leakages, security breaches in our systems, or those of our third-party vendors and other contractors and consultants, or other cyber incidents that could have a material adverse effect upon our reputation, business, operations, or financial condition. Our business requires us to use hazardous materials, which increases our exposure to dangerous and costly accidents. Our research and development activities involve the use of biological materials and small amounts of hazardous chemicals. The company has internal policies and procedures for the safe handling and disposal of these materials, in full compliance with applicable laws and regulations, including applicable OSHA, EPA, state and local regulations, and utilizing EPA licensed disposal companies and facilities. Although we believe we have reduced our risk and impacts from these materials through our safety procedures, we cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. The ongoing cost of complying with environmental laws and regulations is significant and may increase in the future. All risks of environmental damage inherent to our operations cannot be mitigated and failure to comply with applicable government regulations could result in the imposition of fines, restrictions, or increased operational costs, which could impact our ability to carry on with our operations. We face the risk of product liability claims, which could exceed our insurance coverage, and product recalls, each of which could deplete our cash resources. As a participant in the pharmaceutical, biotechnology and immunotherapeutic drug industries, we are exposed to the risk of product liability claims alleging that use of our drug candidates caused an injury or harm. These claims can arise at any point in the development, testing, manufacture, marketing or sale of our drug candidates and may be made directly by patients involved in clinical trials of our products, by consumers or health care providers or by individuals, organizations or companies selling our products. 45 Table of Contents Product liability claims can be expensive to defend, even if the drug or drug candidate did not actually cause the alleged injury or harm. Insurance covering product liability claims becomes increasingly expensive as a drug candidate moves through the development pipeline to commercialization. However, there can be no assurance that such insurance coverage is or will continue to be adequate or available to us at a cost acceptable to us or at all. We may choose or find it necessary under our collaborative agreements to increase our insurance coverage in the future. We may not be able to secure greater or broader product liability insurance coverage on acceptable terms or at reasonable costs when needed. Any liability for damages resulting from a product liability claim could exceed the amount of our coverage, require us to pay a substantial monetary award from our own cash resources and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, a product recall, if required, could generate substantial negative publicity about our products and business and inhibit or prevent development of our drug candidates and, if approval is obtained, commercialization of our future drugs. Risks Related to Intellectual Property We license technology from other companies to develop products, and those companies could influence research and development or restrict our use of it. In addition, if we fail to comply with our obligations in our intellectual property licenses with third parties, we could lose license rights that are important to our business. Companies that license technologies to us that we use in our research and development programs may require us to achieve milestones or devote minimum amounts of resources to develop products using those technologies. They may also require us to make significant royalty and milestone payments, including a percentage of any sublicensing income, as well as payments to reimburse them for patent costs. The number and variety of our research and development programs require us to establish priorities and to allocate available resources among competing programs. From time to time, we may choose to slow down or cease our efforts on particular products. If in doing so we fail to fully perform our obligations under a license, the licensor can terminate the license or permit our competitors to use the technology. Termination of these licenses or reduction or elimination of our licensed rights may result in our having to negotiate new or reinstated licenses with less favorable terms. Moreover, we may lose our right to market and sell any products based on the licensed technology. The occurrence of such events could materially harm our business. Our ability to successfully develop and, if regulatory approval is obtained, commercialize our drug candidates may be materially adversely affected if we are unable to obtain and maintain effective intellectual property rights for our drug candidates and technologies. Our success depends in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection and other intellectual property protection for our drug candidates and proprietary technology. We have sought to protect our proprietary position by filing patent applications in the United States and abroad related to our drug candidates and technology that are important to our business. This process is expensive and time-consuming, and we may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Our existing patents and any future patents we obtain may not be sufficiently broad to prevent others from using our technologies or from developing competing drugs and technologies. We may also be unable to obtain patent term adjustments or extensions (or similar rights, such as Supplementary Protection Certificates, in foreign countries) at the relevant times, or the duration of any such adjustments, extensions or the like may be less than requested. Biotechnology patents involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions and are highly uncertain and may also result in different outcomes in different territories. In addition, changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States and other territories may diminish the value of our patents or reduce the scope of our patent protection. To date, there is no consistent policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in biotechnology patents, particularly in regard to patents for technologies for human uses like those we use in our business. We cannot predict whether the patents we or our licensors seek will issue. If such patents are issued, a competitor may challenge them and may potentially have them revoked or limit their scope, for example based on existing or newly identified prior art or other issues of validity. Moreover, our patents may not afford effective protection against competitors with similar technology. A successful challenge to any one of our patents could result in a third party’s ability to use the technology covered by the patent. We also face the risk that others will infringe, avoid or circumvent our patents. Technology that we license from others is subject to similar risks and this could harm our ability to use that technology. If we, or a company that licenses technology to us, were not the first creator of an invention that we use, and/or if inventorship were to be 46 Table of Contents decided against us (or our licensor) in any relevant litigation, our use of the underlying product or technology will face restrictions, including elimination, and our ability to defend and/or enforce any affected patent rights could also be materially harmed. If we must defend against suits brought against us or prosecute suits against others involving intellectual property rights, we will incur substantial costs. In addition to any potential liability for significant monetary damages, a decision against us may require us to obtain licenses to patents or other intellectual property rights of others on potentially unfavorable terms. If those licenses from third parties are necessary but we cannot acquire them, we would attempt to design around the relevant technology, which would cause higher development costs and delays and may ultimately prove impracticable. We may need to license intellectual property from third parties, and such licenses may not be available or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. A third party may hold intellectual property, including patent rights, that are important or necessary to the development of our drug candidates. It may be necessary for us to use the patented or proprietary technology of a third party to commercialize our own technology or drug candidates, in which case we would be required to obtain a license from such third party. A license to such intellectual property may not be available or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. We may be unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, thus harming our business and competitive position. We rely upon trade secrets, including unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information to develop and maintain our competitive position, which we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees and our collaborators and consultants. We also have agreements with our employees that obligate them to assign their inventions to us. However, it is possible that technology relevant to our business will be independently developed by a person that is not a party to such an agreement. Furthermore, if the employees, consultants or collaborators that are parties to these agreements breach or violate the terms of these agreements, we may not have adequate remedies for any such breach or violation, and we could lose our trade secrets through such breaches or violations. Further, our trade secrets could be disclosed, misappropriated or otherwise become known or be independently discovered by our competitors. In addition, intellectual property laws in foreign countries may not protect our intellectual property to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If our trade secrets are disclosed or misappropriated, it would harm our ability to protect our rights and have a material adverse effect on our business. We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents, which could be expensive, time- consuming and unsuccessful. Competitors may infringe our patents. To counter infringement or unauthorized use, we may be required to file infringement claims, which can be expensive and time-consuming. In addition, in an infringement proceeding, a court may decide that a patent of ours is invalid or unenforceable or may refuse to stop the other party from using the technology at issue on the grounds that our patents do not cover the technology in question. An adverse result in any litigation proceeding could put one or more of our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly. Furthermore, because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation. Third parties may initiate legal proceedings alleging that we are infringing their intellectual property rights, the outcome of which would be uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on the success of our business. Our commercial success depends upon our ability and the ability of our collaborators to develop, manufacture, market and sell our drug candidates and use our proprietary technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating the proprietary rights or intellectual property of third parties. We may become party to, or be threatened with, future adversarial proceedings or litigation regarding intellectual property rights with respect to our drug candidates and technology. Third parties may assert infringement claims against us based on existing patents or patents that may be granted in the future. If we are found to infringe a third-party’s intellectual property rights, we could be required to obtain a license from such third-party to continue developing our drug candidates and technology. However, we may not be able to obtain any required license on commercially reasonable terms or at all. Even if we were able to obtain a license, it could be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors access to the same technologies licensed to us. We could be forced, including by court order, to cease developing the infringing technology or product. In addition, we could be found 47 Table of Contents liable for monetary damages. Claims that we have misappropriated the confidential information or trade secrets of third parties can have a similar negative impact on our business. Third parties may assert that our employees or consultants have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information or misappropriated trade secrets. We employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other diagnostic or biopharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees and consultants do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of a former employer or other third parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees. Regulatory Risks We may not be able to obtain or maintain orphan drug designation or exclusivity for our product candidates. We may seek orphan drug designation for some of our product candidates in the United States. Regulatory authorities in some jurisdictions, including the United States and Europe, may designate drugs for relatively small patient populations as orphan drugs. Under the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may designate a product as an orphan drug if it is a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the United States. Generally, if a product with an orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the indication for which it has such designation, the product is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes the FDA or the EMA from approving another marketing application for the same indication for that drug during that time period. The applicable period is seven years in the United States and ten years in Europe. The European exclusivity period can be reduced to six years if a drug no longer meets the criteria for orphan drug designation or if the drug is sufficiently profitable so that market exclusivity is no longer justified. Orphan drug exclusivity may be lost if the FDA or the EMA determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. We cannot assure you that any future application for orphan drug designation with respect to any product candidate will be granted. If we are unable to obtain orphan drug designation in the United States, we will not be eligible to obtain the period of market exclusivity that could result from orphan drug designation or be afforded the financial incentives associated with orphan drug designation. Even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for a product, that exclusivity may not effectively protect the product from competition because different drugs can be approved for the same condition. Even after an orphan drug is approved, the FDA can subsequently approve the same drug for the same condition if the FDA concludes that the later drug is clinically superior in that it is shown to be safer, more effective or makes a major contribution to patient care. Any fast track designation or grant of priority review status by the FDA may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, nor will it assure FDA approval of our product candidates. Additionally, our product candidates may treat indications that do not qualify for priority review vouchers. We may seek fast track designation for some of our product candidates or priority review of applications for approval of our product candidates. If a drug is intended for the treatment of a serious or life- threatening condition and the drug demonstrates the potential to address unmet medical needs for this condition, the drug sponsor may apply for FDA fast track designation. If a product candidate offers major advances in treatment, the FDA may designate it eligible for priority review. The FDA has broad discretion whether or not to grant these designations, so even if we believe a particular product candidate is eligible for these designations, we cannot assure you that the FDA would decide to grant them. Even if we do receive fast track designation or priority review, we may not experience a faster development process, review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. The FDA may withdraw fast track designation if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. 48 Table of Contents Any breakthrough therapy designation granted by the FDA for our product candidates may not lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process, and it does not increase the likelihood that our product candidates will receive marketing approval. We may seek a breakthrough therapy designation for some of our product candidates. A breakthrough therapy is defined as a drug that is intended, alone or in combination with one or more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening disease or condition, and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints, such as substantial treatment effects observed early in clinical development. For drugs and biologics that have been designated as breakthrough therapies, interaction and communication between the FDA and the sponsor of the trial can help to identify the most efficient path for clinical development while minimizing the number of patients placed in ineffective control regimens. Drugs designated as breakthrough therapies by the FDA may also be eligible for accelerated approval if the relevant criteria are met. Designation as a breakthrough therapy is within the discretion of the FDA. Accordingly, even if we believe one of our product candidates meets the criteria for designation as a breakthrough therapy, the FDA may disagree and instead determine not to make such designation. In any event, the receipt of a breakthrough therapy designation for a product candidate may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to drugs considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA. In addition, even if one or more of our product candidates qualify as breakthrough therapies, the FDA may later decide that the products no longer meet the conditions for qualification or decide that the time period for FDA review or approval will not be shortened. If our processes and systems are not compliant with regulatory requirements, we could be subject to delays in submitting BLAs, NDAs or restrictions on marketing of drugs after they have been approved. We currently are developing drug candidates for regulatory approval and are in the process of implementing regulated processes and systems required to obtain and maintain regulatory approval for our drug candidates. Certain of these processes and systems for conducting clinical trials and

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers, suppliers and partners; ● our ability to develop technological capabilities, including identification of novel and clinically important targets, exploiting our existing technology platforms to develop new drug candidates and expand our focus to broader markets for our existing targeted therapeutics; ● the cost of paying the regulatory approval milestone under the merger agreement by which we acquired Kolltan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Kolltan”) and our related settlement agreement with Kolltan; ii Table of Contents ● our ability to raise sufficient capital to fund our preclinical and clinical studies and to meet our long-term liquidity needs, on terms acceptable to us, or at all. If we are unable to raise the funds necessary to meet our long-term liquidity needs, we may have to delay or discontinue the development of one or more programs, discontinue or delay ongoing or anticipated clinical trials, discontinue or delay our commercial manufacturing efforts, discontinue or delay our efforts to expand into additional indications for our drug product candidates, license out programs earlier than expected, raise funds at significant discount or on other unfavorable terms, if at all, or sell all or part of our business; ● our ability to protect our intellectual property rights and our ability to avoid intellectual property litigation, which can be costly and divert management time and attention; ● our ability to develop and commercialize products without infringing the intellectual property rights of third parties; and ● the factors listed under “

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials as well as filling, packaging, storing and shipping our drug products. Some of the Company’s CDMOs are currently single source manufacturers. Fair Value Measurements The Company has certain assets and liabilities that are measured at fair value in the financial statements. The Company seeks to maximize the use of observable inputs (market data obtained from sources independent from the Company) and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs (the Company’s assumptions about how market participants would price assets and liabilities) when measuring the fair value of its assets and liabilities. These assets and liabilities are classified into one of three levels of the following fair value hierarchy as defined by U.S. GAAP: Level 1: Observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. An active market for an asset or liability is a market in which transactions for the asset or liability occur with sufficient frequency and volume to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. Level 2: Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices in active markets for similar assets or liabilities and quoted prices for identical assets or liabilities in markets that are not active. Level 3: Unobservable inputs based on the Company’s assessment of the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Property and Equipment Property and equipment are stated at cost and depreciated over the estimated useful lives of the related assets using the straight-line method. Laboratory equipment and office furniture and equipment are depreciated over five years , and computer equipment is depreciated over three years . Manufacturing equipment is depreciated over seven to ten years . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the estimated useful life or the non-cancelable term of the related lease, including any renewals that are reasonably assured of occurring. Property and equipment under construction is classified as construction in progress and is depreciated or amortized only after the asset is placed in service. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense whereas the costs of significant improvements which extend the life of the underlying asset are capitalized. Upon retirement or sale, the cost of assets disposed of and the related accumulated depreciation are eliminated and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the Company’s statements of operations and comprehensive loss. The treatment of costs to construct property and equipment depends on the nature of the costs and the stage of construction. Costs incurred in the project planning, design, construction and installation phases are capitalized as part of the cost of the asset. The Company stops capitalizing these costs when the asset is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. For manufacturing property and equipment, the Company also capitalizes the cost of validating these assets for the underlying manufacturing process. The Company completes the capitalization of validation costs when the asset is substantially complete and ready for its intended use. Costs capitalized include incremental labor and fringe benefits, and direct consultancy services. 90 Table of Contents Leases The Company has operating leases of office, manufacturing and laboratory space, which have remaining lease terms of one to five years and may include one or more options to renew or terminate early . The Company determines if an arrangement contains a lease at inception. Operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at commencement date. Certain adjustments to the right-of-use asset may be required for items such as prepaid or accrued lease payments, initial direct costs paid or incentives received. The Company’s leases do not contain an implicit rate, and therefore the Company uses an estimated incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. Options to extend or terminate the lease are reflected in the calculation when it is reasonably certain that the option will be exercised. The Company has elected to account for lease and non-lease components as a single lease component, however non-lease components that are variable, such as common area maintenance and utilities, are generally paid separately from rent based on actual costs incurred and therefore are not included in the right-of-use asset and operating lease liability and are reflected as an expense in the period incurred. Leases with an initial term of 12 months or less are not recorded on the balance sheet. Contingent Consideration The Company records contingent consideration resulting from a business combination at its fair value on the acquisition date. The Company determines the fair value of the contingent consideration based primarily on the (i) timing and probability of success of clinical events or regulatory approvals; (ii) timing and probability of success of meeting clinical and commercial milestones; and (iii) discount rates. The Company’s contingent consideration liabilities arose in connection with its acquisition of Kolltan. On a quarterly basis, the Company revalues these obligations and records increases or decreases in their fair value as an adjustment to operating earnings. Changes to contingent consideration obligations can result from adjustments to discount rates, accretion of the discount rates due to the passage of time, changes in the Company’s estimates of the likelihood or timing of achieving development or commercial milestones, changes in the probability of certain clinical events or changes in the assumed probability associated with regulatory approval. The assumptions related to determining the value of contingent consideration include a significant amount of judgment, and any changes in the underlying estimates could have a material impact on the amount of contingent consideration adjustment recorded in any given period. Intangible Assets IPR&D assets acquired in a business combination initially are recorded at fair value and accounted for as indefinite-lived intangible assets. The valuation model used to measure the fair value of the Company’s IPR&D assets was primarily a discounted cash flow approach. The assumptions used in determining the fair value of the Company’s IPR&D assets include (i) probability of success; (ii) probability of partnership; (iii) partnership milestones; and (iv) discount rate. These assets are capitalized on the Company’s balance sheets until either the project underlying them is completed or the assets become impaired. If a project is completed, the carrying value of the related intangible asset is amortized over the remaining estimated life of the asset beginning in the period in which the project is completed. If a project becomes impaired or is abandoned, the carrying value of the related intangible asset is written down to its fair value and an impairment charge is taken in the period in which the impairment occurs. Each IPR&D asset is assessed for impairment at least annually or when impairment indicators are present. The Company has the option to assess qualitative factors to determine if it is more likely than not that the IPR&D asset is impaired and whether it is necessary to perform a quantitative impairment test. Impairment of Intangible and Long-Lived Assets The Company evaluates the recoverability of its long-lived assets, including property and equipment, right-of-use assets, and intangible assets when circumstances indicate that an event of impairment may have occurred. Determination of recoverability is based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. In the event that such cash flows are not expected to be sufficient to recover the carrying amount of the assets, the assets are written-down to their estimated fair values. 91 Table of Contents Revenue Recognition Revenues are recognized when performance obligations under agreements or contracts are satisfied, in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to be entitled to in exchange for those services. The Company determines revenue recognition through the following steps: ● Identification of the contract, or contracts, with a customer; ● Identification of the performance obligations in the contract; ● Determination of the transaction price; ● Allocation of the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and ● Recognition of revenue when, or as, the Company satisfies a performance obligation. Revenue for the Company is derived from product development agreements with collaborative partners for the research and development of therapeutic drug candidates. The terms of the agreements may include nonrefundable signing and licensing fees, funding for research, development and manufacturing, milestone payments and royalties on any product sales derived from collaborations. The Company assesses the multiple obligations typically within product development contracts to determine the distinct performance obligations and how to allocate the arrangement consideration to each distinct performance obligation. Under product development agreements, revenue is generally recognized using a cost-to-cost measure of progress. Revenue is recognized based on the costs incurred to date as a percentage of the total estimated costs to fulfill the contract. Incurred cost represents work performed, which corresponds with, and thereby best depicts, the transfer of control to the customer. Due to the nature of the work performed in these arrangements, the estimation of cost at completion is complex, subject to many variables, such as expected clinical trial costs, and requires significant judgements. Circumstances can arise that change original estimates of costs or progress toward completion. Any revisions to estimates are reflected in revenue on a cumulative catch-up basis in the period in which the change in circumstances became known. Revenue for the Company is also derived from manufacturing and research and development arrangements. The Company operates a cGMP manufacturing facility in Fall River, Massachusetts, to produce drug substance for its current and planned early-stage clinical trials. In order to utilize excess capacity, the Company has, from time to time, entered into contract manufacturing and research and development arrangements in which services are provided on a time-and-material basis or at a negotiated fixed price. Revenue from time-and-material contracts is generally recognized on an output basis as labor hours and/or direct expenses are incurred. Under fixed-price contracts, revenue is generally recognized on an output basis as progress is made toward completion of the performance obligations using surveys of performance completed to date. Contract Assets and Liabilities The Company classifies the right to consideration in exchange for products or services transferred to a client as either a receivable or a contract asset. A receivable is a right to consideration that is unconditional as compared to a contract asset which is a right to consideration that is conditional upon factors other than the passage of time. The Company’s contract liabilities result from arrangements where the Company has received payment in advance of performance under the contract. These amounts are included as deferred revenue within current portion of long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Research and Development Expenses Research and development costs, including internal and contract research costs, are expensed as incurred. Research and development expenses consist mainly of clinical trial costs, manufacturing of clinical material, toxicology and other preclinical studies, personnel costs, depreciation, license fees and funding of outside contracted research. 92 Table of Contents Clinical trial expenses include expenses associated with clinical research organization, or CRO, services. Contract manufacturing expenses include expenses associated with contract development & manufacturing organization, or CDMO, services. The invoicing from CROs and CDMOs for services rendered can lag several months. The Company accrues the cost of services rendered in connection with CRO and CDMO activities based on our estimate of costs incurred. The Company maintains regular communication with our CROs and CDMOs to assess the reasonableness of its estimates. Differences between actual expenses and estimated expenses recorded have not been material and are adjusted for in the period in which they become known. Patent Costs Patent costs are expensed to general and administrative expense as incurred. Certain patent costs are reimbursed by the Company’s product development and licensing partners. Any reimbursed patent costs are recorded as product development and licensing agreement revenues in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Stock-Based Compensation The Company records stock-based compensation expense for all stock-based awards made to employees, consultants and non-employee directors based on the estimated fair values of the stock-based awards expected to vest at the grant date and adjusts, if necessary, to reflect actual forfeitures. Compensation expense for all stock-based awards is recognized using the straight-line method over the term of vesting or performance. Foreign Currency Translation Net unrealized gains and losses resulting from foreign currency translation are included in accumulated other comprehensive income. At December 31, 2025 and 2024, accumulated other comprehensive income includes a net unrealized gain related to foreign currency translation of $ 2.6 million. Income Taxes The Company uses the asset and liability method to account for income taxes, including the recognition of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities for the anticipated future tax consequences attributable to differences between financial statement amounts and their respective tax basis. Quarterly, the Company reviews its deferred tax assets for recovery. A valuation allowance is established when the Company believes that it is more likely than not that its deferred tax assets will not be realized. Changes in valuation allowances from period to period are included in the Company’s tax provision in the period of change. The Company records uncertain tax positions in the financial statements only if it is more likely than not that the uncertain tax position will be sustained upon examination by the taxing authorities. The Company records interest and penalties related to uncertain tax positions in income tax expense. Comprehensive Loss Comprehensive loss is comprised of net loss and certain changes in stockholders’ equity that are excluded from net loss. The Company includes foreign currency translation adjustments and unrealized gains and losses on marketable securities in other comprehensive loss. The statements of operations and comprehensive loss reflect total comprehensive loss for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. 93 Table of Contents Net Loss Per Share Basic net loss per common share is based upon the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, excluding restricted stock that has been issued but is not yet vested. Diluted net loss per common share is based upon the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period plus additional weighted-average potentially dilutive common shares outstanding during the period when the effect is dilutive. In periods in which the Company reports a net loss, there is no difference between basic and diluted net loss per share because dilutive shares of common stock are not assumed to have been issued as their effect is anti-dilutive. The potentially dilutive common shares that have not been included in the net loss per common share calculations because the effect would have been anti-dilutive are as follows: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Year Ended December 31, ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 Stock options ​ 9,134,278 ​ 7,540,109 ​ 6,378,924 ​ Newly-Adopted Accounting Pronouncements In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures, which requires public entities to disclose specific categories in the effective tax rate reconciliation, as well as additional information for reconciling items that exceed a quantitative threshold. ASU 2023-09 also requires all entities to disclose income taxes paid disaggregated by federal, state and foreign taxes, and further disaggregated for specific jurisdictions that exceed 5% of total income taxes paid, among other expanded disclosures. The Company prospectively adopted this ASU for its fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Recent Accounting Pronouncements From time to time, new accounting pronouncements are issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) or other standard setting bodies that are adopted by the Company as of the specified effective date. Unless otherwise discussed, the Company believes that the adoption of recently issued standards that are not yet effective will not have a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements or disclosures. In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive Income – Expense Disaggregation Disclosures , which requires enhanced disclosures about specific types of expenses included in the expense captions presented on the face of the income statement. The standard is effective for annual reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods in fiscal years beginning after December 31, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that the adoption of ASU 2024-03 may have on its expense disclosures in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. (3) Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income The changes in accumulated other comprehensive income, which is reported as a component of stockholders’ equity, for the year ended December 31, 2025 are summarized below: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Unrealized ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Gain on ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Marketable ​ Foreign ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Securities ​ Currency Items ​ Total ​ ​ (In thousands) Balance at December 31, 2024 ​ $ 718 ​ $ 2,596 ​ $ 3,314 Other comprehensive gain ​ ​ 312 ​ ​ — ​ ​ 312 Balance at December 31, 2025 ​ $ 1,030 ​ $ 2,596 ​ $ 3,626 ​ No amounts were reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. 94 Table of Contents (4) Fair Value Measurements The following tables set forth the Company’s financial assets and liabilities subject to fair value measurements: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ As of ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, 2025 ​ Level 1 ​ Level 2 ​ Level 3 ​ ​ (In thousands) Assets: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Money market funds and cash equivalents ​ $ 19,115 ​ — ​ $ 19,115 ​ ​ — Marketable securities ​ ​ 489,702 ​ — ​ ​ 489,702 ​ ​ — ​ ​ $ 508,817 ​ — ​ $ 508,817 ​ ​ — ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ As of ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, 2024 ​ Level 1 ​ Level 2 ​ Level 3 ​ ​ (In thousands) Assets: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Money market funds and cash equivalents ​ $ 9,927 — ​ $ 9,927 ​ — Marketable securities ​ ​ 696,925 — ​ ​ 696,925 ​ — ​ ​ $ 706,852 ​ — ​ $ 706,852 ​ ​ — ​ The Company’s financial assets consist mainly of cash equivalents and marketable securities and are classified as Level 2 within the valuation hierarchy. The Company values its marketable securities utilizing independent pricing services which normally derive security prices from recently reported trades for identical or similar securities, making adjustments based on significant observable transactions. At each balance sheet date, observable market inputs may include trade information, broker or dealer quotes, bids, offers or a combination of these data sources. Contingent consideration liabilities measured at fair value using Level 3 inputs were $ 0.0 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. The valuation technique used to measure fair value of the Company’s Level 3 liabilities, which consist of contingent consideration related to the acquisition of Kolltan Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (“Kolltan”) in 2016, is primarily an income approach. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration are estimates including probability of success, discount rates and amount of time until the conditions of the milestone payment are met. The Company did not have any transfers of assets or liabilities between the fair value measurement classifications during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. 95 Table of Contents (5) Marketable Securities The following is a summary of marketable debt securities, classified as available-for-sale: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Gross ​ ​ ​ Gross ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Amortized ​ Unrealized ​ Unrealized ​ Fair ​ ​ Cost ​ Gains ​ Losses ​ Value ​ ​ (In thousands) December 31, 2025 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Marketable securities ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ U.S. government and municipal obligations ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Maturing in one year or less ​ $ 151,270 ​ $ 479 ​ $ — ​ $ 151,749 Maturing after one year through three years ​ ​ 42,358 ​ ​ 127 ​ ​ — ​ ​ 42,485 Total U.S. government and municipal obligations ​ $ 193,628 ​ $ 606 ​ $ — ​ $ 194,234 Corporate debt securities ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Maturing in one year or less ​ $ 257,064 ​ $ 373 ​ $ — ​ $ 257,437 Maturing after one year through three years ​ ​ 37,980 ​ ​ 55 ​ ​ ( 4 ) ​ ​ 38,031 Total corporate debt securities ​ $ 295,044 ​ $ 428 ​ $ ( 4 ) ​ $ 295,468 Total marketable securities ​ $ 488,672 ​ $ 1,034 ​ $ ( 4 ) ​ $ 489,702 December 31, 2024 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Marketable securities ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ U.S. government and municipal obligations ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Maturing in one year or less ​ $ 185,388 ​ $ 467 ​ $ — ​ $ 185,855 Maturing after one year through three years ​ ​ 102,331 ​ ​ 316 ​ ​ ( 144 ) ​ ​ 102,503 Total U.S. government and municipal obligations ​ $ 287,719 ​ $ 783 ​ $ ( 144 ) ​ $ 288,358 Corporate debt securities ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Maturing in one year or less ​ $ 336,350 ​ $ 350 ​ $ ( 54 ) ​ $ 336,646 Maturing after one year through three years ​ ​ 72,139 ​ ​ 36 ​ ​ ( 254 ) ​ ​ 71,921 Total corporate debt securities ​ $ 408,489 ​ $ 386 ​ $ ( 308 ) ​ $ 408,567 Total marketable securities ​ $ 696,208 ​ $ 1,169 ​ $ ( 452 ) ​ $ 696,925 ​ The Company holds investment grade marketable securities. Unrealized losses are generally attributable to changes in interest rates. The aggregate fair value of marketable securities held by the Company in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 was $ 19.4 million and $ 142.5 million, respectively. The Company has the intent and ability to hold its marketable securities until recovery and has determined that there has been no material change to the Company’s credit risk. As a result, the Company determined it did not hold any investments with a credit loss at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024. Marketable securities include $ 4.4 million and $ 6.1 million in accrued interest at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. (6) Property and Equipment, Net Property and Equipment, net includes the following: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, ​ ​ ​ December 31, ​ ​ 2025 ​ 2024 ​ ​ (In thousands) Laboratory equipment ​ $ 10,657 ​ $ 10,411 Manufacturing equipment ​ 2,587 ​ 3,010 Office furniture and equipment ​ 3,932 ​ 3,965 Leasehold improvements ​ 10,338 ​ 10,285 Construction in progress ​ 1,724 ​ 139 Total property and equipment ​ 29,238 ​ 27,810 Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization ​ ( 23,904 ) ​ ( 23,464 ) Property and equipment, net ​ $ 5,334 ​ $ 4,346 ​ 96 Table of Contents Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment was $ 1.8 million, $ 1.6 million and $ 1.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. ​ (7) Leases The Company has operating leases of office, manufacturing and laboratory space, which have remaining lease terms of approximately one to five years and may include one or more options to renew . During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded right of use assets and lease liabilities of $ 0.1 million, $ 2.9 million and $ 0.1 million related to new leases and lease extensions, respectively. Operating lease expense was $ 2.1 million, $ 2.0 million and $ 1.9 million for years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Variable lease expense was $ 0.9 million, $ 0.8 million and $ 0.8 million for years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was $ 2.1 million, $ 2.0 million and $ 2.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, the weighted-average remaining lease term was 1 year and the weighted-average discount rate was 10.0 %, compared to a weighted-average remaining lease term of 2 years and weighted average discount rate of 10.0 % as of December 31, 2024. In September 2025, the Company entered into a lease agreement for approximately 40,400 square feet of office and laboratory space in New Haven, Connecticut. The lease is scheduled to commence in 2026 and the Company plans to relocate its existing New Haven operations to the new space in 2026. The initial lease term is 5.5 years with three renewal options of five years each. Future minimum lease payments under this lease total approximately $ 4.5 million and are not included in the future minimum lease payments table below, as the lease had not commenced as of December 31, 2025. Future minimum lease payments under non-cancellable leases as of December 31, 2025 were as follows: ​ ​ ​ ​ 2026 ​ ​ ​ $ 1,705 2027 ​ 804 Total lease payments ​ 2,509 Less imputed interest ​ ( 173 ) Present value of operating lease liabilities ​ $ 2,336 ​ ​ (8) Intangible Assets At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the carrying value of the Company’s indefinite-lived intangible assets was $ 27.2 million. Indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of acquired in-process research and development (“IPR&D”) related to the development of the anti-KIT program (including barzolvolimab). Barzolvolimab is in Phase 3 development. As of December 31, 2025, the IPR&D asset related to the anti-KIT program had not reached technological feasibility nor did the asset have alternative future uses. The Company performs an impairment test on IPR&D assets at least annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that IPR&D assets may be impaired. The Company performed its annual impairment test of the IPR&D asset related to the development of the anti-KIT program (including barzolvolimab) during the fourth quarter of 2025 and concluded that the IPR&D asset was not impaired. Due to the nature of IPR&D projects, the Company may experience future delays or failures to obtain regulatory approvals to conduct clinical trials, failures of such clinical trials or other failures to achieve a commercially viable product, and as a result, may recognize further impairment losses in the future. (9) Other Assets The Company records advance payments for services that will not be performed within one year of the balance sheet date as other assets. Such amounts will be recognized as expense in the period in which the related services are performed. Advance payments reflected within other assets in our consolidated balance sheets were $ 12.8 million and $ 9.6 million at December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. 97 Table of Contents (10) Accrued Expenses Accrued expenses include the following: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, ​ ​ ​ December 31, ​ ​ 2025 ​ 2024 ​ ​ (In thousands) Accrued payroll and employee benefits ​ $ 11,811 ​ $ 11,568 Accrued research and development contract costs ​ ​ 33,347 ​ ​ 20,544 Accrued professional fees ​ ​ 1,477 ​ ​ 1,392 Other accrued expenses ​ ​ 394 ​ ​ 338 ​ ​ $ 47,029 ​ $ 33,842 ​ ​ (11) Other Long-Term Liabilities Other long-term liabilities include the following: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, ​ ​ ​ December 31, ​ ​ 2025 ​ 2024 ​ ​ (In thousands) Net deferred tax liabilities related to IPR&D (Note 16) ​ $ 1,613 ​ $ 1,613 Deferred income from sale of tax benefits ​ ​ 1,860 ​ ​ 2,790 Deferred revenue (Note 14) ​ ​ 1,800 ​ ​ 12 Total ​ ​ 5,273 ​ ​ 4,415 Less current portion ​ ​ ( 1,230 ) ​ ​ ( 942 ) Long-term portion ​ $ 4,043 ​ $ 3,473 ​ In March 2022, the Company received approval from the New Jersey Economic Development Authority and agreed to sell New Jersey tax benefits of $ 5.0 million to an independent third party for $ 4.7 million. Under the agreement, the Company must maintain a base of operations in New Jersey for five years or the tax benefits must be paid back on a pro-rata basis based on the number of years completed. The Company recognized $ 0.9 million in other income related to the sale of these tax benefits during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. (12) Stockholders’ Equity Common Stock In November 2023, the Company filed an automatic shelf registration statement with the SEC to register for sale any combination of the types of securities described in the shelf registration statement, including shares of its common stock. Also in November 2023, the Company issued 8,538,750 shares of its common stock in an underwritten public offering resulting in net proceeds to the Company of $ 216.2 million, after deducting underwriting fees and offering expenses. On February 26, 2024, the Company entered into a controlled equity offering sales agreement (“ATM Agreement”) with Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. (“Cantor”) to allow the Company to issue and sell shares of its common stock from time to time through Cantor, acting as agent. At December 31, 2025, the Company had registered $ 300.0 million of its common stock to be sold pursuant to the Company’s ATM Agreement, all of which remained unsold as of that date. In March 2024, the Company issued 9,798,000 shares of its common stock in an underwritten public offering resulting in net proceeds to the Company of $ 432.3 million, after deducting underwriting fees and offering expenses. Convertible Preferred Stock At December 31, 2025, the Company had authorized 3,000,000 shares of preferred stock all of which have been designated Class C Preferred Stock including 350,000 shares which have been designated Series C-1 Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock (the “Series C-1 Preferred Stock”). No shares of Series C-1 Preferred Stock were outstanding at December 31, 2025 or 2024. 98 Table of Contents (13) Stock-Based Compensation The Company has the following stock-based compensation plans: the 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the “2004 ESPP Plan”), the 2008 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (the “2008 Plan”) and the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the “2021 Plan”). There are no shares available for future grant under the 2008 Plan. Outstanding options under the 2008 Plan will be rolled into the 2021 Plan if canceled. Employee Stock Purchase Plan At December 31, 2025, a total of 276,666 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under the 2004 ESPP Plan. Under the 2004 ESPP Plan, each participating employee may purchase shares of common stock through payroll deductions at a purchase price equal to 85 % of the lower of the fair market value of the common stock at either the beginning of the offering period or the applicable exercise date. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company issued 21,565 , 13,187 and 12,729 shares under the 2004 ESPP Plan, respectively. At December 31, 2025, 128,751 shares were available for issuance under the 2004 ESPP Plan. Employee Stock Option Plan The 2021 Plan permits the granting of incentive stock options (intended to qualify as such under Section 422A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), non-qualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance share units, restricted stock and other awards of restricted stock to employees, consultants and non-employee directors. The 2021 Plan allows for grants of new awards until April 19, 2031. As of December 31, 2025, there were 1,343,593 shares outstanding under the 2008 Plan that will be rolled into the 2021 Plan if canceled. The Company’s Board of Directors determines the term of each option, option price, and number of shares for which each option is granted and the rate at which each option vests. Options generally vest over a period not to exceed four years . The term of each option cannot exceed ten years ( five years for options granted to holders of more than 10% of the voting stock of the Company), and the exercise price of stock options cannot be less than the fair market value of the common stock at the date of grant ( 110 % of fair market value for incentive stock options granted to holders of more than 10% of the voting stock of the Company). Vesting of all employee and non-employee director stock option awards may accelerate upon a change in control as defined in the 2021 Plan. A summary of stock option activity for the year ended December 31, 2025 is as follows: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Weighted ​ ​ ​ Weighted ​ ​ ​ ​ Average ​ Average ​ ​ ​ ​ Exercise ​ Remaining ​ ​ ​ ​ Price ​ Contractual ​ ​ Shares ​ Per Share ​ Term (In Years) Options outstanding at December 31, 2024 ​ 7,540,109 ​ $ 31.47 ​ 7.5 Granted ​ 2,154,350 ​ $ 19.96 ​ ​ Exercised ​ ( 153,328 ) ​ $ 13.80 ​ ​ Canceled ​ ( 406,853 ) ​ $ 89.06 ​ ​ Options outstanding at December 31, 2025 ​ 9,134,278 ​ $ 26.49 ​ 7.1 Options vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2025 ​ 9,003,451 ​ $ 26.50 ​ 7.1 Options exercisable at December 31, 2025 ​ 5,284,496 ​ $ 26.34 ​ 6.0 Shares available for grant under the Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, effective as of June 5, 2025) at December 31, 2025 ​ 2,624,836 ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ The total intrinsic value of stock options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 1.6 million, $ 17.2 million and $ 2.7 million, respectively. The weighted average grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 13.72 , $ 26.21 and $ 28.15 , respectively. The total fair value of stock options vested during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 39.5 million, $ 32.4 million and $ 20.4 million, respectively. 99 Table of Contents The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options outstanding at December 31, 2025 was $ 42.6 million. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2025 was $ 42.0 million. The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options exercisable at December 31, 2025 was $ 26.4 million. As of December 31, 2025, total compensation cost related to non-vested employee and non-employee director stock options not yet recognized was approximately $ 65.3 million, net of estimated forfeitures, which is expected to be recognized as expense over a weighted average period of 2.6 years. Valuation and Expenses Information Stock-based compensation expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was recorded as follows: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ (In thousands) Research and development ​ $ 19,018 ​ $ 17,442 ​ $ 11,948 General and administrative ​ ​ 17,199 ​ ​ 16,800 ​ ​ 11,942 Total stock-based compensation expense ​ $ 36,217 ​ $ 34,242 ​ $ 23,890 ​ The fair values of employee and director stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 were valued using the Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following assumptions: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 Expected stock price volatility ​ 76 – 81 % ​ 82 - 93 % ​ 92 % Expected option term ​ 6.0 Years ​ 6.0 Years ​ 6.0 Years Risk-free interest rate ​ 3.8 – 4.7 % ​ 3.5 - 4.5 % ​ 3.5 - 4.7 % Expected dividend yield ​ None ​ None ​ None ​ The Company estimates expected term based on historical exercise patterns. The Company uses its historical stock price volatility consistent with the expected term of grant as the basis for its expected volatility assumption. The risk-free interest rate is based upon the yield of U.S. Treasury securities consistent with the expected term of the option. The dividend yield assumption is based on the Company’s history of zero dividend payouts and expectation that no dividends will be paid in the foreseeable future. (14) Revenue Contract and Grants Revenue The Company has entered into agreements with Rockefeller University (“Rockefeller”) pursuant to which the Company performs manufacturing and research and development services on a time-and-materials basis or at a negotiated fixed price. The Company recognized $ 1.4 million, $ 7.0 million and $ 6.6 million in revenue under the agreements with Rockefeller during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Contract Assets and Liabilities At December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company’s rights to consideration under all contracts were considered unconditional, and as such, no contract assets were recorded. Accordingly, amounts billed but not yet paid by customers were recorded as trade receivables at December 31, 2025 and 2024. At December 31, 2025, the Company had $ 1.8 million in contract liabilities recorded, representing consideration billed in advance of performing manufacturing and research and development services. The Company expects to recognize this amount as revenue over the next 24 months as the related services are performed. At December 31, 2024, the Company had no material contract liabilities recorded and revenue recognized from contract liabilities as of December 31, 2024 during the year ended December 31, 2025 was not material. 100 Table of Contents (15) Collaboration Agreements The Company has entered into license agreements whereby the Company has received licenses or options to license technology, specified patents and/or patent applications. These license and collaboration agreements generally provide for royalty payments equal to specified percentages of product sales, annual license maintenance fees, continuing patent prosecution costs and potential future milestone payments to third parties upon the achievement of certain development, regulatory and/or commercial milestones. Nonrefundable license fee expense of $ 0.2 million, $ 0.2 million and $ 0.3 million was recorded to research and development expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Yale University (Yale) Under a license agreement with Yale, the Company may be required to make a one-time payment to Yale of $ 3.0 million with respect to barzolvolimab upon achievement of a specified commercial milestone. In addition, the Company may be required to pay a low single-digit royalty on annual worldwide net sales of barzolvolimab. Unless earlier terminated by us or Yale, the Yale license agreement is due to expire no later than May 2038 but may expire earlier on a country-by-country basis under specified circumstances. (16) Income Taxes The components of income tax benefit (provision) are as follows: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Year Ended December 31, ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ (In thousands) Income tax benefit (provision): ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Federal ​ $ 48,972 ​ $ 39,821 ​ $ 36,067 State ​ ​ 5,777 ​ ​ 15,375 ​ ​ 13,691 Expiration of NOLs and R&D credit ​ ​ — ​ ​ ( 82,825 ) ​ ​ ( 15,141 ) ​ ​ ​ 54,749 ​ ​ ( 27,629 ) ​ ​ 34,617 Deferred tax valuation allowance ​ ​ ( 54,749 ) ​ ​ 27,629 ​ ​ ( 34,617 ) ​ ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ The Company did no t recognize any income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 as the Company was subject to a valuation allowance. The Company did no t make any income tax payments in 2025, 2024, and 2023. The Company adopted ASU 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures prospectively in 2025. A reconciliation between the amount of reported income tax and the amount computed using the U.S. statutory rate for 2025 under ASU 2023-09 is as follows: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ ​ (In thousands) ​ ​ ​ ​ Pre-tax loss ​ $ ( 258,757 ) ​ ​ ​ Loss at statutory rates ​ ( 54,339 ) 21.0 % Research and development credits ​ ( 11,809 ) 4.6 % State taxes and change in valuation allowance, net of Federal Income ​ ​ ​ ​ Tax Effect ​ — 0.0 % Nontaxable or Nondeductible Items ​ ​ ​ ​ Stock Compensation ​ 14,704 ( 5.7 ) % Other ​ 2,178 ( 0.9 ) % Other Adjustments ​ 294 ( 0.1 ) % Change in valuation allowance ​ 48,972 ( 18.9 ) % Income tax (benefit) provision ​ $ — 0.0 % ​ 101 Table of Contents A reconciliation between the amount of reported income tax and the amount computed using the U.S. statutory rate for 2024 and 2023 is as follows: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 ​ ​ (In thousands) Pre-tax loss ​ $ ( 157,863 ) ​ $ ( 141,429 ) Loss at statutory rates ​ ​ ( 33,151 ) ​ ​ ( 29,700 ) Research and development credits ​ ​ ( 7,332 ) ​ ​ ( 5,237 ) State taxes ​ ​ ( 15,375 ) ​ ​ ( 13,691 ) Other ​ ​ 662 ​ ​ ( 1,130 ) Expiration of Federal and State NOLs and R&D credits ​ ​ 82,825 ​ ​ 15,141 Change in valuation allowance ​ ​ ( 27,629 ) ​ ​ 34,617 Income tax (benefit) provision ​ $ — ​ $ — ​ Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized based on temporary differences between the financial reporting and tax basis of assets and liabilities using future expected enacted rates. The principal components of the deferred tax assets and liabilities at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ December 31, ​ ​ ​ December 31, ​ ​ 2025 ​ 2024 ​ ​ (In thousands) Gross deferred tax assets ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Net operating loss carryforwards ​ $ 245,763 ​ $ 176,816 Tax credit carryforwards ​ ​ 37,516 ​ ​ 24,718 Deferred research and development expenses ​ ​ 86,252 ​ ​ 101,047 Stock-based compensation ​ ​ 8,856 ​ ​ 20,940 Fixed assets ​ ​ 392 ​ ​ 1,033 Accrued expenses and other ​ ​ 1,623 ​ ​ 429 ​ ​ ​ 380,402 ​ ​ 324,983 Gross deferred tax liabilities ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ IPR&D intangibles ​ ​ ( 6,840 ) ​ ​ ( 6,840 ) Other ​ ​ ( 670 ) ​ ​ — Total deferred tax assets and liabilities ​ ​ 372,892 ​ ​ 318,143 Valuation allowance ​ ​ ( 374,505 ) ​ ​ ( 319,756 ) Net deferred tax liability ​ $ ( 1,613 ) ​ $ ( 1,613 ) ​ The Company has evaluated the positive and negative evidence bearing upon the realizability of its net deferred tax assets and considered its history of losses, ultimately concluding that it is “more likely than not” that the Company will not recognize the benefits of federal and state deferred tax assets and, as such, has maintained a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. The Federal valuation allowance increased $ 49.0 million and the State valuation allowance increased $ 5.7 million during the year ended December 31, 2025, primarily due to net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards, offset by a reduction to the capitalized research and development under the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”) and a reduction to stock compensation. The net deferred tax liability of $ 1.6 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, relates to the temporary differences associated with the IPR&D intangible assets acquired in previous business combinations and are not deductible for tax purposes. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had federal and state net operating loss carryforwards of $ 842.9 million and $ 1.0 billion, respectively, which may be available to offset certain future income tax liabilities. Federal and state net operating loss carryforwards begin to expire in 2026. As of December 31, 2025, the Company also had federal and state research and development tax credit carryforwards of $ 31.6 million and $ 7.5 million, respectively, which may be available to offset future income tax liabilities and begin to expire in 2040 and 2029, respectively. 102 Table of Contents On July 4, 2025, OBBBA was enacted in the United States. The OBBBA includes significant corporate tax reforms, including (i) the permanent reinstatement of deducting domestic research and development expenditures as incurred (under prior law such expenditures were capitalized and amortized over five years) and (ii) the option to claim 100% accelerated depreciation deductions on qualified property. The corporate tax changes included in the OBBBA did not have a material impact on our effective income tax rate during tax year ended December 31, 2025, and we do not anticipate a material impact on our effective income tax rate in future periods. Utilization of the net operating loss carryforwards and research and credit carryforwards may be subject to a substantial annual limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or Section 382, due to ownership changes that occurred previously or that could occur in the future. These ownership changes may limit the amount of carryforwards that can be utilized annually to offset future taxable income. In general, an ownership change, as defined by Section 382, results from transactions increasing the ownership of certain shareholders or public groups in the stock of a corporation by more than 50% over a three-year period. The Company has performed a study under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 as of June 30, 2024, and concluded that a change in ownership following stock issuances in 2016 and 2020 triggered Section 382 limitations and approximately $ 758.7 million of federal NOL carryforwards and $ 48.7 million of federal tax credit carryforwards that were generated through June 30, 2020 will expire unutilized due to Section 382 and 383 limitations. The Company also estimated the amounts of State net operating loss and research and development tax credit carryforwards which will expire unutilized as a result of its annual limitations under Section 382. The Company has excluded these Federal and State tax attributes from the carryforward amounts disclosed above and in the deferred tax assets and liabilities table included in this footnote. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company did not have any unrecognized tax benefits. Massachusetts, New Jersey, New York and Connecticut are the jurisdictions in which the Company primarily operates or has operated and has income tax nexus. The Company is not currently under examination by these or any other jurisdictions for any tax year. Generally, in U.S. federal and state taxing jurisdictions, all years which generated net operating losses and/or tax credit carryforwards remain subject to examination to the extent those carryforwards are utilized in a subsequent period. (17) Retirement Savings Plan The Company maintains a 401(k) Plan which is available to substantially all employees. Under the terms of the 401(k) Plan, participants may elect to contribute up to 60 % of their compensation or the statutory prescribed limits. The Company may make 50 % matching contributions on up to 4 % of a participant’s annual salary. Benefit expense for the 401(k) Plan was $ 0.6 million, $ 0.5 million and $ 0.5 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. ​ (18) Kolltan Acquisition On November 29, 2016, the Company acquired all of the share and debt interests of Kolltan, a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, in exchange for 1,217,200 shares of the Company’s common stock plus contingent consideration in the form of development, regulatory approval and sales-based milestones (“Kolltan Milestones”) of up to $ 172.5 million payable in cash, in shares of Celldex’s common stock or a combination of both, in the sole discretion of Celldex and subject to provisions of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated November 1, 2016 (the “Merger Agreement”). In October 2019, the Company received a letter from SRS, the hired representative of the former stockholders of Kolltan, notifying the Company that it objected to the Company’s characterization of the development, regulatory approval and sales-based Kolltan Milestones relating to CDX-0158 as having been abandoned and contending instead that the related milestone payments are due from Celldex to the Kolltan stockholder. On August 18, 2020, Celldex filed a Verified Complaint in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware against SRS (acting in its capacity as the representative of the former stockholders of Kolltan pursuant to the Merger Agreement) seeking declaratory relief with respect to the rights and obligations of the parties relating to certain contingent milestone payments under the Merger Agreement relating to the discontinued CDX-0158 program (the “Litigation”). On July 15, 2022, the Company entered into a definitive settlement agreement between the Company and SRS (the “Settlement Agreement”) and the Company and SRS jointly filed a Stipulation of Dismissal with prejudice relating to the Litigation on July 19, 2022. 103 Table of Contents Pursuant to the terms of the Settlement Agreement, all milestone payments provided for by the Merger Agreement were replaced in their entirety with the following payments, each of which is payable only once: (i) The Company paid $ 15.0 million upon execution of the Settlement Agreement (the “Initial Payment”). (ii) The Company paid $ 12.5 million upon the Successful Completion (as defined in the Settlement Agreement) of a Phase 2 Clinical Trial (as defined in the Merger Agreement) of barzolvolimab. (iii) The Company shall pay $ 52.5 million upon the first United States Food and Drug Administration or European Medicines Agency, or, in each case, any successor organization, regulatory approval of a Surviving Company Product (as defined in the Settlement Agreement). The above payment obligations replace, in their entirety, the contingent consideration in the form of development, regulatory approval and sales-based milestones of up to $ 172.5 million contained in the Merger Agreement. Under the Settlement Agreement, each of the Company and SRS provided broad mutual releases of all claims relating to or arising out of the Merger Agreement, including without limitation, all claims brought in the Litigation or that could have been brought in the Litigation. The Company paid the Initial Payment in cash in July 2022. The Company paid the second milestone for “successful completion” of a Phase 2 Clinical Trial of barzolvolimab in cash in November 2023. A future milestone payment related to the barzolvolimab program, which was subject to the Litigation, will be recorded when and if payment becomes probable and reasonably estimable in accordance with the loss contingency model under ASC 450. A future milestone payment related to the remaining Surviving Company Products is measured at fair value (refer to Note 4). When and if the remaining payment described above becomes due, it shall be payable, at the Company’s sole election, in either cash or stock (as set forth in the Merger Agreement) or a combination thereof. ​ 104 Table of Contents Item 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of December 31, 2025, our management evaluated, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2025. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within time periods specified by the SEC’s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over our financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, and effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: ● pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of assets; ● provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the authorizations of management and directors; and ● provide reasonable assurance regarding the prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 105 Table of Contents Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework provided in Internal Control — Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. The effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears in Item 8 above. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended December 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. OTHER INFORMATION (a) None. (b) During the three months ended December 31, 2025, no director or officer of the Company adopted or terminated a “Rule 10b5 - 1 trading agreement” or “non - Rule 10b5 - 1 trading agreement,” as each term is defined in Item 408 (a) of Regulation S - K. ​ Item 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. ​ 106 Table of Contents PART III Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by this Item 10 will be included in the definitive Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or the 2026 Proxy Statement, under “Information Regarding Our Current Directors and Executive Officers,” “Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports,” “Code of Business Conduct and Ethics,” “ Insider Trading Policy ” and “The Board of Directors and Its Committees” and is incorporated herein by reference. If the 2026 Proxy Statement is not filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our most recent fiscal year, we will provide such information by means of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by this Item 11 will be included in the 2026 Proxy Statement under “Executive Compensation,” and “Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation,” and is incorporated herein by reference. If the 2026 Proxy Statement is not filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our most recent fiscal year, we will provide such information by means of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by this Item 12 will be included in the 2026 Proxy Statement under “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” and is incorporated herein by reference. If the 2026 Proxy Statement is not filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our most recent fiscal year, we will provide such information by means of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by this Item 13 will be included in the 2026 Proxy Statement under “Election of Directors” and “Approval of Related Person Transactions and Transactions with Related Persons” and is incorporated herein by reference. If the 2026 Proxy Statement is not filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our most recent fiscal year, we will provide such information by means of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES The information required by this Item 14 will be included in the 2026 Proxy Statement under “Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” and is incorporated herein by reference. If the 2026 Proxy Statement is not filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our most recent fiscal year, we will provide such information by means of an amendment to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ​ 107 Table of Contents PART IV Item 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (A) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: (1) Financial Statements: The Financial Statements and Supplementary Data are included in Part II Item 8 of this report. (2) Financial Statement Schedules: Schedules are omitted since the required information is not applicable or is not present in amounts sufficient to require submission of the schedule, or because the information required is included in the Financial Statements or Notes thereto. (3) Exhibits: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Incorporated by Reference to ​ ​ ​ ​ Form and ​ Exhibit ​ SEC No. ​ ​ ​ Description ​ ​ ​ SEC File No. ​ ​ ​ No. ​ ​ ​ Filing Date Plan of Acquisition, Reorganization, Arrangement, Liquidation or Succession 1.1 ​ Sales Agreement, dated February 26, 2024, by and between Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. ​ 10 – K (000 - 15006) ​ 1.1 ​ 2/26/24 2.1 ​ Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 1, 2016, by and among Kolltan Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Celldex Therapeutics, Inc., Connemara Merger Sub 1 Inc. and Connemara Merger Sub 2 LLC. ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 2.1 ​ 11/1/16 Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws 3.1 ​ Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation ​ S-4 (333-59215) ​ 3.1 ​ 7/16/98 3.2 ​ Certificate of Amendment of Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation ​ S-4 (333-59215) ​ 3.1 ​ 7/16/98 3.3 ​ Second Certificate of Amendment of Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation ​ S-4 (333-59215) ​ 3.2 ​ 7/16/98 3.4 ​ Third Certificate of Amendment of Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation ​ 10-Q (000-15006) ​ 3.1 ​ 5/10/02 3.5 ​ Fourth Certificate of Amendment of Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 3.1 ​ 3/11/08 3.6 ​ Fifth Certificate of Amendment of Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 3.2 ​ 3/11/08 3.7 ​ Sixth Certificate of Amendment of Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation ​ 10-Q (000-15006) ​ 3.7 ​ 11/10/08 3.8 ​ Seventh Certificate of Amendment of Third Restated Certificate of Incorporation ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 3.1 ​ 2/8/19 3.9 ​ Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of Celldex Therapeutics, Inc., dated November 3, 2022 ​ 10-Q (000-15006) ​ 3.1 ​ 11/9/22 Instruments Defining the Rights of Security Holders 4.1 ​ Specimen of Common Stock Certificate ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 4.1 ​ 2/8/19 108 Table of Contents 4.2 ​ Certificate of Designations, Preferences and Rights of a Series of Preferred Stock classifying and designating the Series C-1 Junior Participating Cumulative Preferred Stock ​ 8-A (000-15006) ​ 3.1 ​ 11/8/04 4.3 ​ Description of Securities ​ 10-K (000-15006) ​ 4.3 ​ 2/28/23 Material Contracts-License, Collaboration, Supply and Distribution Agreements *10.1 ​ Amended and Restated License Agreement by and between the Company and Yale University dated as of July 26, 2022 ​ 10-Q (000-15006) ​ 10.1 ​ 11/9/22 Material Contracts-Other 10.2 ​ Confidential Settlement Agreement and Mutual Release, dated July 15, 2022, by and between Shareholder Representatives Services LLC, solely in its capacity as Stockholders Representative, and Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 10.1 ​ 7/18/22 Material Contracts- Management Contracts and Compensatory Plans †10.3 ​ Amendment No. 3 to Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 10.1 ​ 6/6/25 †10.4 ​ Amendment No. 2 to Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 10.1 ​ 6/14/24 †10.5 ​ Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (as amended June 15, 2023) ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 10.1 ​ 6/15/23 †10.6 ​ Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 10.1 ​ 6/17/21 †10.7 ​ Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2008 Stock Option and Incentive Plan (as amended, effective June 18, 2020). ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 10.1 ​ 6/18/20 †10.8 ​ Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. Amended and Restated 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (effective as of June 19, 2019) ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 10.2 ​ 6/19/19 †10.9 ​ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2025, by and between Anthony S. Marucci and Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ ​ †10.10 ​ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2025, by and between Sam Martin and Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ ​ †10.11 ​ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2025, by and between Tibor Keler, Ph.D. and Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ ​ †10.12 ​ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2025, by and between Ronald A. Pepin, Ph.D. and Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ ​ †10.13 ​ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2025, by and between Sarah Cavanaugh and Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ ​ †10.14 ​ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2025, by and between Margo Heath-Chiozzi, M.D. and Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ ​ 109 Table of Contents †10.15 ​ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2025, by and between Elizabeth Crowley and Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ ​ †10.16 ​ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2025, by and between Diane Young, M.D. and Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ ​ †10.17 ​ Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated as of December 8, 2025, by and between Freddy Jimenez and Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ ​ †10.18 ​ Employment Agreement, dated as of November 10, 2025, by and between Teri Lawver and Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. ​ 10-Q (000-15006) ​ 10.1 ​ 11/10/25 †10.19 ​ Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. 2021 Plan Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 10.2 ​ 6/17/21 †10.20 ​ Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. 2021 Plan Form of Incentive Stock Option Grant Agreement ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 10.3 ​ 6/17/21 †10.21 ​ Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. 2021 Plan Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Grant Agreement ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 10.4 ​ 6/17/21 †10.22 ​ Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. 2021 Plan Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement ​ 8-K (000-15006) ​ 10.5 ​ 6/17/21 †10.23 ​ 2008 Plan Form of Stock Option Agreement ​ 10-Q (000-15006) ​ 10.1 ​ 8/08/18 †10.24 ​ 2008 Plan Form of Restricted Stock Award ​ 10-K (000-15006) ​ 10.42 ​ 3/12/10 19.1 ​ Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. Insider Trading Policy ​ 10-K (000-15006) ​ 19.1 ​ 2/27/25 21.1 ​ Subsidiaries of Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ ​ 23.1 ​ Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ ​ 31.1 ​ Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ 31.2 ​ Certification of Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ 32 ​ Section 1350 Certifications ​ Furnished herewith ​ ​ ​ †97 ​ Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. Compensation Recovery Policy ​ 10-K (000-15006) ​ 97 ​ 2/26/24 101.INS ​ Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ 101.SCH ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ 110 Table of Contents 101.CAL ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ 101.DEF ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ 101.LAB ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ 101.PRE ​ Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document ​ Filed herewith ​ ​ ​ 104 ​ Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ * Certain confidential portions of this exhibit were redacted. Celldex Therapeutics, Inc. agrees to furnish supplementally to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission a copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit upon request. The confidential portions of this exhibit were omitted by means of marking such portions with asterisks because the identified confidential portions (i) are not material, (ii) would be competitively harmful if publicly disclosed and (iii) contain information that Celldex Therapeutics, Inc, customarily and actually treats as private or confidential. † Indicates a management contract or compensation plan, contract or arrangement. Item 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. ​ 111 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. ​ ​ ​ CELLDEX THERAPEUTICS, INC. ​ ​ ​ By: /s/ ANTHONY S. MARUCCI Date February 25, 2026 ​ Anthony S. Marucci President and Chief Executive Officer ​ Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature ​ ​ ​ Title ​ ​ ​ Date ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ /s/ ANTHONY S. MARUCCI ​ President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director ​ February 25, 2026 Anthony S. Marucci ​ (Principal Executive Officer) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ /s/ SAM MARTIN ​ Senior Vice President, ​ February 25, 2026 Sam Martin ​ Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ /s/ HARRY H. PENNER, JR. ​ Director, Chair of the Board of Directors ​ February 25, 2026 Harry H. Penner, Jr. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ /s/ KEITH L. BROWNLIE ​ Director ​ February 25, 2026 Keith L. Brownlie ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ /s/ CHERYL L. COHEN ​ Director ​ February 25, 2026 Cheryl L. Cohen ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ /s/ HERBERT J. CONRAD ​ Director ​ February 25, 2026 Herbert J. Conrad ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ /s/ RITA I. JAIN, M.D, ​ Director ​ February 25, 2026 Rita I. Jain, M.D. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ /s/ JAMES J. MARINO ​ Director ​ February 25, 2026 James J. Marino ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ /s/ GARRY A. NEIL, M.D. ​ Director ​ February 25, 2026 Garry A. Neil, M.D. ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ /s/ DENICE TORRES ​ Director ​ February 25, 2026 Denice Torres ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 112

