TICKER: CMTG
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain and labor market disruptions or changes in their capital position and available liquidity, the borrower may not receive a sufficient return on the asset to satisfy contractually obligated payments on our loan or may experience a prolonged reduction of net operating income and may not be able to make contractually obligated payments on our loan on a timely basis or at all, which could materially and adversely affect us. Other risks may include: environmental risks, delays in legal and other approvals ( e.g. , certificates of occupancy), other construction and renovation risks and subsequent leasing of the property not being completed on schedule. Accordingly, we bear the risk that we may not recover some or all of our loan unpaid principal balance and interest thereon. As a transitional lender, we may from time to time execute loan modifications with borrowers when and if appropriate, which may include terms less favorable to us, such as temporary deferrals of interest or principal, partial deferral of coupon interest as payment-in-kind interest, and/or a discounted loan payoff. To the extent warranted by ongoing conditions specific to our borrowers or overall market conditions, we may make additional modifications and/or in certain circumstances when and if appropriate, and depending on the business plans, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations of our borrowers, among other factors, (i) assume legal title and/or physical possession of the collateral property or (ii) assign our right, title, and interest in our loan and the collateral property to our financing counterparty in exchange for the extinguishment of amounts due under the related financing. Furthermore, borrowers usually use the proceeds of permanent financing to repay a loan on a transitional property after the CRE property is stabilized. Loans on transitional CRE properties are therefore subject to risks of a borrower’s inability to obtain permanent financing to repay our loan, which is exacerbated in times of capital markets volatility. Our loans are also subject to risks of borrower defaults, bankruptcies, fraud and losses. In the event of any default under our loans, we bear the risk of loss of principal and non-payment of interest and fees to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the underlying asset and the principal amount and unpaid interest and fees of our loan. To the extent we suffer losses with respect to our loans, it could have a material adverse effect on us. Difficult conditions in the commercial mortgage and real estate market, the capital markets and the economy generally, as a result of fluctuations in interest rates, inflationary pressures and other factors, could make it difficult for our borrowers to satisfy their contractually obligated payments and may materially and adversely affect us. We could be materially and adversely affected by conditions in the commercial mortgage and real estate markets, the capital markets and the economy generally. A deterioration of economic and real estate fundamentals generally and of local market conditions where our real estate collateral is located, have in the past negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, our performance, the business prospects of our borrowers or the value of our real estate collateral. Market fluctuations or a general decline in real estate values or business prospects may also induce borrowers to voluntarily or involuntarily default on their loans and make it relatively more difficult for us to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. Other factors beyond our control, such as changes in interest rates, government laws, regulations, and actions (such as rent control, zoning laws, and bank reserve requirements), changes in real property tax rates and operating expenses, changes in the general availability of debt financing (which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable) may likewise have a material and adverse effect on our business. The current period of elevated interest rates relative to recent historical standards has caused and may continue to cause our borrowers to become unwilling or unable 13 to make payments on their loans, increasing default risk and making it more difficult for us to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. Similarly, continuing uncertainty in the office leasing market as a result of the increase in remote working arrangements could adversely affect the business of our borrowers with office properties, which could in turn cause such borrowers to become unwilling or unable to make payments on their loans, increasing default risk and making it more difficult for us to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. Because our investments may be susceptible to general economic slowdowns or recessions, these kinds of adverse changes in market conditions could lead to financial losses in our investments and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. We may realize losses related to foreclosures, sales of loans receivable, or to the restructuring of the loans in our investment portfolio on terms that may be more favorable to borrowers than those underwritten at origination. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, impede our ability to maintain financings, limit our access to the capital markets, cause us to be unable to comply with minimum liquidity requirements or other restrictive covenants under our financing agreements, impede our ability to make deleveraging payments, impede our ability to declare and make dividend payments to our stockholders necessary to satisfy REIT dividend requirements, or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from making new investments and adversely affect our operating performance. In addition, the current period of elevated interest rates relative to recent historical standards has reduced and may continue to reduce the volume of transitional CRE loans due to the higher cost of borrowing relative to recent historical standards. A reduction in the volume of CRE loans originated may affect the volume of certain target assets available to us, which could adversely affect our ability to acquire target assets that satisfy our investment objectives. If we are unable to originate or acquire a sufficient volume of our target assets with a yield that is above our borrowing cost, our ability to satisfy our investment objectives to generate income and resume paying dividends may be materially and adversely affected. We cannot predict the degree to which economic conditions generally, and the conditions for real estate debt investing in particular, will improve or deteriorate. Any stagnation in or deterioration of the commercial mortgage or real estate markets may limit our ability to acquire our target assets on attractive terms or cause us to experience losses related to our assets, which could materially and adversely affect us. We operate in a competitive market for the origination and acquisition of attractive investment opportunities and competition may limit our ability to originate or acquire attractive risk-adjusted investments in our target assets, which could have a material adverse effect on us. We operate in a competitive market for the origination and acquisition of attractive risk-adjusted investment opportunities. A number of entities compete with us to make the types of investments that we originate or acquire. Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to originate or acquire our target assets on attractive terms. In originating our target assets, we compete with a variety of institutional lenders and investors, including other commercial mortgage REITs, specialty finance companies, public and private funds (including funds that our Manager or its affiliates may in the future sponsor, advise and/or manage), commercial and investment banks, commercial finance and insurance companies and other financial institutions. A number of entities have raised, or are expected to raise, significant amounts of capital pursuing strategies similar to ours, which may create additional competition for investment opportunities. Many of our competitors are significantly larger than we are and have considerably greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we do. Some competitors may have a lower cost of funds and access to financing sources that are not available to us. Many of our competitors are not subject to the operating constraints associated with REITs or maintenance of our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act. In addition, some of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments, deploy more aggressive pricing or financing strategies and establish more relationships than us. Increased competition in our markets could result in a decrease in origination volumes, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. Furthermore, competition for investments in our target assets may lead to the price of these assets increasing or return on investment declining, which may further limit our ability to generate desired returns. Also, as a result of this competition, desirable investments in our target assets may be limited in the future, and we may not be able to take advantage of attractive risk-adjusted investment opportunities from time to time. In addition, reduced CRE transaction volume has increased, and may continue to increase, competition for available investment opportunities. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to continue to identify and make investments that are consistent with our investment objectives, or that the competitive pressures we face will not have a material adverse effect on us. Furthermore, changes in the financial regulatory regime could change the current restrictions on banks and other financial institutions, which may allow them to compete for opportunities that were previously not available to them, or subject them to significant capital requirements or other restrictions. See “—Risks Related to Our Company—Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or those of our competitors, banks or other of our capital providers, or changes in the interpretation thereof, or newly enacted laws or regulations, could result in increased competition for our target assets or reduced access to capital, require changes to our 14 business practices and collectively could adversely impact our revenues and impose additional costs on us, which could materially and adversely affect us.” Our investments are and may be concentrated in certain markets, property types and borrowers, among other factors, and will be subject to risk of default. While we intend to diversify our loan portfolio of investments in the manner described in this report, we are not required to observe specific diversification criteria, and we have criteria outlined in our investment guidelines that can only be changed with approval of our Board. Therefore, our portfolio is and may continue to be concentrated in certain property types that are subject to higher risk of achieving their stated business plans or other concentration risk, or supported by properties concentrated in a limited number of geographic locations. For example, as of December 31, 2025, our real estate owned assets include a portfolio of seven limited service hotel properties, a mixed-use property, and a land parcel each located in New York, NY and 14% of our loans receivable held-for-investment are secured by CRE assets (or equity interests relating thereto) located in the New York metropolitan area. Further, as of December 31, 2025, 44% of our loans receivable held-for-investment were secured by multifamily properties (or equity interests relating thereto), 22% of our loans receivable held-for-investment were secured by hospitality properties (or equity interests relating thereto), 16% of our loans receivable held-for-investment were secured by office properties (or equity interests relating thereto), 8% of our loans receivable held-for-investment were secured by mixed-use properties (or equity interests relating thereto), 5% of our loans receivable held-for-investment were secured by land properties (or equity interests relating thereto), 6% of our loans receivable held-for-investment were construction loans (based on loan commitment), and our 15 largest loans receivable held-for-investment represented 68% of our loans receivable held-for-investment portfolio, in each case based on carrying value net of specific CECL reserves. As of December 31, 2025, 12 investments with a carrying value net of specific CECL reserves of $1.1 billion, or 31.1% of our portfolio were on non-accrual status. See Note 3 - Loan Portfolio for further detail on our loans on non-accrual status. The lack of liquidity in certain of the assets in our portfolio and our target assets generally may materially and adversely affect us. The assets in our portfolio are relatively illiquid investments due to their relatively short expected lives, lack of (or limited) cash flow from property that is collateral for those loans, their potential unsuitability for securitization and the greater difficulty of recovery in the event of a borrower’s default or a diminution in the value of the collateral asset. In addition, certain of our investments may become less liquid after our investment as a result of periods of delinquencies or defaults or turbulent market conditions. There is generally an inverse relationship between borrowing costs, including reference rates and credit spreads, and the value of our existing assets such that a net increase in reference rates and credit spreads generally diminishes the value of existing assets. The illiquidity of the assets in our portfolio and our target assets may make it more difficult for us to dispose of these assets in the event that we no longer intend to hold them until maturity or in the event of a defaulted loan, as the case may be, at advantageous times or prices, or in a timely manner. As a result, we expect many of our investments will be illiquid. Although we generally intend to hold our loans to maturity, sales of loans receivable, which may result in realized losses, discounted loan payoffs, and/or sales of real estate owned assets may occur in order to redeploy capital to more accretive opportunities, meet operating objectives, adapt to market conditions, and/or manage liquidity needs. Furthermore, we cannot predict the timing or impact of future asset sales or loan repayments, and since many of our loans are financed, a portion or in some cases all, of the net proceeds from the sales or repayments of our loans are expected to be used to de-lever our secured financings. If we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may realize significantly less than an asset’s carrying value. As a result, our ability to strengthen our portfolio composition in response to changes in economic and other conditions may be relatively limited, which could materially and adversely affect us. In the event of borrower distress or a default, we may lack the liquidity necessary to protect our investment or avoid a corresponding default on any obligations we may have related to financing arrangements secured by our investments. In the event of borrower distress or a default, we may lack the liquidity necessary to protect our investment or avoid a corresponding default on any obligations we may have with respect to our financing arrangements secured by our investments specifically related to, or otherwise impacted by, such investment. In the event of a default by a borrower on a non-recourse loan, we generally will have recourse only to the underlying asset (including any escrowed funds and reserves) collateralizing that loan, except to the extent of any creditworthy guarantees as discussed in “—Risks Related to Our Investments—Most of the CRE loans that we originate or acquire are non-recourse loans and the assets securing these loans may not have sufficient value to protect us from a partial or complete loss if the borrower defaults on the loan, which could materially and adversely affect us.” In addition, declines in real estate values may induce mortgagors to voluntarily default on their loans, increasing the risk of foreclosure and loss of capital. If the underlying property collateralizing the loan has insufficient value to satisfy the outstanding balance of such loan or other amounts due to us, after expenses incurred in connection with enforcing our rights, we may suffer a loss of principal or other amounts due to us that adversely affects our liquidity and our ability to service or repay our own leverage. Real estate investments generally lack liquidity compared to other financial assets, and the increased lack of liquidity resulting from a borrower distress or a default may limit our ability to quickly stabilize or strengthen our portfolio or take other necessary actions to avoid a corresponding default on our financing. In certain instances, 15 we may be required to de-lever our financing specifically related to, or otherwise impacted by, such defaulted loan, modify our financing facility or find replacement financing, if available, which could be on less favorable terms, or pledge additional collateral to our financing facility, all of which could materially and adversely affect us. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we made deleveraging payments to certain of our financing counterparties and expect to continue to do so as agreed with our lenders. However, our ability to make any future deleveraging payments will be dependent upon the results of our operating activities, the timing, amount, and pace of resolutions of our loans and real estate owned assets, our financial condition, and the overall market conditions in which we operate, among other factors. We may be unable to maintain or refinance debt incurred to finance our investments and our operations, thereby increasing the amount of equity capital risk we bear with respect to particular investments, preventing us from deploying our equity capital in the optimal manner, or reducing returns generated from our investments. We may be unable to maintain or refinance debt incurred to finance our investments and our operations, thereby increasing the amount of equity capital risk we bear with respect to particular investments, preventing us from deploying our equity capital in the optimal manner, or reducing returns generated from our investments. If we are unable to maintain or refinance such debt at appropriate times, or are unable to refinance such debt on similar terms, we may be required to sell assets at a loss or on terms that are not advantageous to us or take action that could result in other negative consequences. We may only be able to partly replace or refinance such debt if underwriting standards, including loan-to-value ratios and yield requirements, among other requirements, are stricter than when we originally financed our investments. Additionally, as a result of economic headwinds, certain of our borrowers may request term extensions or other terms less favorable to us, and we may not be able to maintain or obtain corresponding match-term financing or in certain cases obtain required approvals from our financing counterparties. Obtaining such approvals has required in the past and may require in the future reduction of advance rates on financings, increased borrowing costs, increasing recourse or a combination thereof, which could have an adverse impact on our returns on equity and reduce our liquidity. If any of these events occur, our cash flows would be reduced, preventing us from deploying our equity capital in an optimal manner. If we are unable to refinance debt incurred to finance our investments and our operations, or are unable to refinance such debt on similar terms, we also may have to forego other investment opportunities that require equity and our liquidity may be diminished. As a result of our real estate owned assets, we are subject to the risks commonly associated with real estate owned holdings, including risks related to ownership of a hotel portfolio, a mixed-use property, a land parcel, and multifamily properties, which differ from the risks associated with lending. Borrowers under our loans may not have sufficient financial resources to satisfy their payment obligations to us, and we could be required to take ownership of the assets underlying a particular loan in lieu of full repayment of the principal amount and other amounts due to us on the loan. For example, in February 2021, we foreclosed on a portfolio of seven limited service hotels located in New York, NY. Prior to the foreclosure, the hotel portfolio represented the collateral for a mezzanine loan held by us with a securitized senior mortgage with an unpaid principal balance of $300.0 million held by third parties. As such, we are subject to the risks commonly associated with real estate owned holdings, including risks related to ownership of a hotel portfolio and mixed-use property both in New York, NY and risk related to ownership of multifamily properties in Arizona, Nevada, and Texas, which may include changes in general or local economic conditions, changes in supply of or demand for similar or competing properties in an area, changes in interest rates and availability and terms of permanent mortgage financing that may render the sale of a property difficult or unattractive, changes in consumer travel preferences, political instability or changes in prevailing policies, changes in labor supply, decreases in property values, changes in tax, real estate, environmental and climate, rent control, zoning, labor laws, and other requirements and the risk of uninsured or underinsured casualty loss. Further, our equity interest in our current, or any future, real estate owned asset may be subordinate to any indebtedness secured by such property. To the extent that we decide or are required to take ownership of one or more additional properties, these risks will be heightened and/or we may be subject to additional risks specific to the foreclosed property and the market in which it operates, all of which may be different than risks we may currently be subject to. Real estate owned assets are illiquid investments and we may be unable to adjust our portfolio in response to changes in economic or other conditions. In addition, the real estate market is affected by many factors, such as general economic conditions, availability of financing, interest rates and other factors, including supply and demand, that are beyond our control. We cannot predict whether we will be able to sell any real estate owned assets for the price or on the terms set by us, or whether any price or other terms offered by a prospective purchaser would be acceptable to us. We cannot predict the length of time needed to find a willing purchaser and to close the sale of a real estate owned asset. We may acquire properties that are subject to contractual “lock-out” provisions that could restrict our ability to dispose of the real estate owned asset for a period of time. In addition, U.S. federal tax laws that impose a 100% excise tax on gains from sales of dealer property by a REIT (generally, property held-for-sale, rather than investment) could limit our ability to sell properties and may affect our ability to sell properties without adversely affecting returns to our stockholders. These characteristics and restrictions could result in losses that would adversely affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, potentially materially. 16 We may also be required to incur costs to correct defects or to make improvements before a real estate owned asset can be sold. We have experienced and expect to continue to experience increased operating costs in connection with our real estate owned assets, which primarily include real estate taxes, utilities, repairs and maintenance, personnel costs of third-party property managers, property management fees incurred to third-parties, insurance, marketing, and general and administrative expenses specific to our real estate owned properties. Further, if the real estate owned asset is owned by a taxable REIT subsidiary (“TRS”), income from the investment generally will be subject to corporate income tax. We cannot assure stockholders that we will have funds available to correct such defects, to make such improvements, to pay these operating costs, or to pay corporate income tax if required. In acquiring a real estate owned asset, we may agree or otherwise become subject to restrictions that prohibit the sale of that real estate owned asset for a period of time or impose other restrictions, such as a limitation on the amount of debt that can be placed or repaid on that real estate owned asset. These risks vary from the risks associated with lending and could materially and adversely affect us. We generally determine the LTV for a loan in our portfolio prior to, or at the time of, our origination or acquisition of the loan and such LTVs may change significantly and in an adverse manner thereafter due to various circumstances. We calculate the LTV for a loan in our portfolio upon origination, which represents “loan-to-value” or “loan-to-cost”, as our total loan commitment upon origination, as if fully funded, plus any financings that are pari passu with or senior to our loan, divided by our estimate of either (1) the value of the underlying real estate, determined in accordance with our underwriting process (typically consistent with, if not less than, the value set forth in a third-party appraisal) or (2) the borrower’s projected, fully funded cost basis in the asset, in each case as we deem appropriate for the relevant loan and other loans with similar characteristics. Underwritten values and projected costs should not be assumed to reflect our judgment of current market values or project costs, which may have changed materially since the date of origination. Furthermore, we calculate adjusted LTV whereby origination LTV is updated only in connection with a partial loan paydown and/or release of collateral, material changes to expected project costs, the receipt of a new appraisal (typically in connection with financing or refinancing activity) or a change in our loan commitment. Adjusted LTV should not be assumed to reflect our judgment or current market values or project costs, which may have changed materially since the date of the most recent determination of LTV. Origination LTV and adjusted LTV for our loans generally do not take into account post-origination changes in our borrowers’ business operations or creditworthiness, or in the value of our underlying real estate collateral (except in circumstances of receipt of a new appraisal), as a result of changing economic conditions or otherwise. As of December 31, 2025, our portfolio weighted average origination LTV and weighted average adjusted LTV is 71.2% and 76.3%, respectively. Weighted average origination LTV is based on loan commitment, including non-consolidated senior interests and pari passu interests, and excludes risk rated 5 loans. Weighted average adjusted LTV is based on loan commitment, including non-consolidated senior interests, pari passu interests, and risk rated 5 loans. Loans with specific current expected credit loss reserves are reflected as 100% LTV. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the origination LTV or adjusted LTV of our portfolio that we present in this report is reflective of current LTV of our portfolio or the amount of subordinate value available in the event we foreclose on a loan. There are increased risks involved with construction lending activities. We intend to continue to originate and acquire loans which fund the construction of commercial properties. Construction lending generally is considered to involve a higher degree of risk than other types of lending due to a variety of factors, including the difficulties in estimating construction costs and anticipating construction delays and, generally, the dependency on timely, successful project completion and the lease-up or sale of units and commencement of operations post-completion of construction. In addition, since these loans generally entail greater risk than mortgage loans on income-producing property, we may need to establish or increase our current expected credit loss reserve in the future to account for the potential increase in probable incurred credit losses associated with these loans. Further, as the lender under a construction loan, we may be obligated to fund all or a significant portion of the loan at one or more future dates. We may not have the funds available at those future date(s) to meet our funding obligations under our construction loans. In that event, we would likely be in breach of the loan unless we are able to raise the funds from alternative sources, which we may not be able to achieve on favorable terms or at all. If a borrower fails to complete the construction of a project or experiences cost overruns, there could be adverse consequences associated with the loan, including a loss of the value of the property underlying the loan, a borrower claim against us for failure to perform under the loan documents if we choose to stop funding, increased costs to the borrower that the borrower is unable to pay, a bankruptcy filing by the borrower, and abandonment by the borrower of the property underlying the loan. Furthermore, construction projects have faced delays, which may continue, including as a result of disruptions in supply chains and labor markets, cost increases associated with building materials and construction services necessary for construction, and delays and costs associated with obtaining construction permits and complying with local regulations, all of which can result in cost overruns to complete such projects. During periods of capital market disruptions, replacement financing may not be available to borrowers, which in turn, may result in the their 17 inability to repay our loan in full. The failure of a borrower to complete construction, these cost overruns or other related impacts, and the lack of availability of replacement financing, could materially and adversely affect us. Our investments in construction loans require us to make estimates about the fair value of land improvements that may be challenged by the IRS. We have invested in, and may continue to invest in, construction loans, the interest from which will be qualifying income for purposes of the 75% and 95% REIT gross income tests, provided that certain requirements are met and, in the case of the 75% gross income test, the loan is treated as adequately secured by real property. There can be no assurance that the IRS would not successfully challenge our estimate of the value of the real property and our treatment of the construction loans for purposes of the REIT income and assets tests, which may cause us to fail to qualify as a REIT. Investments in subordinated mortgage interests, mezzanine loans and other assets that are subordinated or otherwise junior in a borrower’s capital structure may expose us to greater risk of loss. We have originated or acquired, and may from time to time in the future originate or acquire, subordinated mortgage interests, mezzanine loans and other assets that are subordinated or otherwise junior to other financing in a borrower’s capital structure and that involve privately negotiated structures. To the extent we invest in subordinated debt or mezzanine tranches of a borrower’s capital structure, these investments and our remedies with respect thereto, including the ability to foreclose on any collateral securing the investments, will be subject to the rights of holders of more senior tranches in the borrower’s capital structure and, to the extent applicable, contractual intercreditor and/or participation agreement provisions. Significant losses related to these loans or investments could materially and adversely affect us. As the terms of these investments are subject to contractual relationships among lenders, co-lending agents and others, they can vary significantly in their structural characteristics and other risks. For example, the rights of holders of subordinated mortgage interests to control the process following a borrower default may vary from transaction to transaction. Further, subordinated mortgage interests typically are secured by a single property and accordingly reflect the risks associated with significant concentration. Like subordinated mortgage interests, mezzanine loans are by their nature structurally subordinated to more senior property-level financings. If a borrower defaults on our mezzanine loan or on debt senior to our loan, or if the borrower is in bankruptcy, our mezzanine loan will be satisfied only after the property-level debt and other senior debt is paid in full. As a result, a partial loss in the value of the collateral property can result in a total loss of the value of the mezzanine loan. In addition, even if we are able to foreclose on the collateral property following a default on a mezzanine loan, we would be substituted for the defaulting borrower and, to the extent income generated on the underlying property is insufficient to meet outstanding debt obligations on the property, we may need to commit substantial additional capital and/or deliver a replacement guarantee by a creditworthy entity, which could include us, to stabilize the property and prevent additional defaults to lenders with existing liens on the property. In addition, our investments in senior loans may be effectively subordinated to the extent we borrow under a warehouse line (which can be in the form of a repurchase agreement) or similar facility and pledge the senior loan as collateral. Under these arrangements, the lender has a right to repayment of the borrowed amount before we can collect on the value of our loan, and therefore if the value of the pledged senior loan decreases below the amount we have borrowed, we would experience significant losses on the loan which could be material to our business. Most of the CRE loans that we originate or acquire are non-recourse loans and the assets securing these loans may not be sufficient to protect us from a partial or complete loss if the borrower defaults on the loan, which could materially and adversely affect us. Most of our CRE loans represent non-recourse obligations of the borrower, with the exception of certain limited purpose guarantees such as customary non-recourse carve-outs for certain “bad acts” by a borrower, environmental indemnities and, in some cases, completion guarantees, carry guarantees and limited payment guarantees. Consequently, we typically have no recourse (or very limited recourse for specified purposes) against the assets of the borrower or its sponsor other than our recourse to specified loan collateral. In the event of a borrower default under one or more of our loans, we will bear a risk of loss to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the specified collateral and the unpaid principal balance on our loan, absent recoveries to us under any applicable guarantees, which could materially and adversely affect us. In addition, we may incur substantial costs and delays in realizing the value of such collateral, including the cost of litigation to enforce remedies, which may or may not be successful, and we may be subject to lengthy court delays or other delays that are beyond our control. Further, although a loan may provide for limited recourse to a principal, parent, sponsor, or other affiliate of the borrower, there is no assurance that we will be able to recover our deficiency from any such party or that its assets would be sufficient to pay any otherwise recoverable claim. In the event of the bankruptcy of a borrower, the loans to that borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of any collateral property at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the loan or lien securing the loan could be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession. 18 We may invest in derivative instruments, which would subject us to increased risk of loss. Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, we may invest in derivative instruments. Derivative instruments, especially when purchased in large amounts, may not be liquid, so that in volatile markets we may not be able to close out a position without incurring a loss. The prices of derivative instruments, including swaps, futures, forwards and options, are highly volatile and such instruments may subject us to significant losses. The value of such derivatives also depends upon the price of the underlying instrument or commodity. Derivatives and other customized instruments may also be subject to the risk of non-performance by the relevant counterparty. In addition, actual or implied daily limits on price fluctuations and speculative position limits on the exchanges or over-the-counter markets in which we may conduct our transactions in derivative instruments may prevent prompt liquidation of positions, subjecting us to the potential of greater losses. Derivative instruments that may be purchased or sold by us may include instruments not traded on an exchange. The risk of non-performance by the obligor on such an instrument may be greater and the ease with which we can dispose of or enter into closing transactions with respect to such an instrument may be less than in the case of an exchange-traded instrument. In addition, significant disparities may exist between “bid” and “asked” prices for derivative instruments that are traded over-the-counter and not on an exchange. Such over-the-counter derivatives are also typically not subject to the same type of investor protections or governmental regulation as exchange-traded instruments. In addition, we may invest in derivative instruments that are neither presently contemplated nor currently available, but which may be developed in the future, to the extent such opportunities are both consistent with our investment objectives and legally permissible. Any of these investments may expose us to unique and presently indeterminate risks, the impact of which may not be capable of determination until such instruments are developed and/or we determine to make such an investment. We may be subject to additional risks associated with CRE loan participations. Some of our CRE loans are, and may in the future be, held in the form of participation interests or co-lender arrangements in which we share the loan rights, obligations and benefits with other lenders. With respect to participation interests, we may require the consent of these parties to exercise our rights under the loans, including rights with respect to amendment of loan documentation, enforcement proceedings upon a default and the institution of, and control over, foreclosure proceedings. In circumstances where we hold a minority interest, we may become bound to actions of the majority to which we otherwise would object. We may be adversely affected by this lack of control with respect to these interests. U.S. and global financial systems and economies have undergone significant disruption, and such disruption and future disruptions may negatively impact our ability and our borrowers’ abilities to execute investment strategies, which would materially and adversely affect us. In recent years, the U.S. and global financial systems and economies have undergone and may continue to undergo significant disruptions beginning with the COVID-19 pandemic, and continuing with supply-demand imbalances, rapid increases in and sustained elevated rates of inflation relative to recent historical standards which required central bank action and resulted in significantly increased short term interest rates, changes in the employment market and employer practices (including remote work), geopolitical tensions forcing changes in supply chains, international trade partnerships and immigration policies, deglobalization trends, potential and expected disruptions and trends arising from the emergence and adoption of new technologies including generative artificial intelligence (including legal and regulatory risks and compliance costs therefrom), and general economic uncertainty, the full ramifications of which are not yet known but could continue to materially and adversely affect us and our borrowers. Further, we cannot predict the ultimate timing, direction or extent of further legislative, regulatory, and other actions under the current administration and congress, the effect of which could have a material impact on our business, results of operations, and financial conditions and that of our borrowers. These markets have also experienced significant disruptions in the past, during which times global capital markets collapsed, borrowers defaulted on their loans at historically high levels, banks and other lending institutions suffered heavy losses and the value of certain classes of real estate declined. During such periods, a significant number of borrowers became unable to pay principal and interest on outstanding loans as the value of their real estate declined. Declining real estate values could reduce the level of new senior and subordinate loan originations. Instability in the U.S. and global financial systems and economies in the future could be caused by any number of factors beyond our control, including, without limitation, deglobalization trends, legislative and regulatory uncertainty, pandemics, terrorist attacks or other acts of war or military activities, prolonged civil unrest, political instability or uncertainty, including the military conflicts between Russia and Ukraine, Israel and Hamas, and other conflicts throughout the Middle East, North Africa, and South America more broadly, some of which may impact global supply chains, tensions involving Russia, China, and Iran, or broad-based sanctions, should they continue for the long term or escalate, and adverse changes in national or international economic, market and political conditions. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses could adversely affect both our net interest income from loans in our portfolio as well as our ability to execute our investment strategy, which would materially and adversely affect us. 19 Insurance proceeds on a property may not cover all losses, which could result in the corresponding non-performance of or loss on our investment related to such property. There are certain types of losses, generally of a catastrophic nature, such as earthquakes, floods, hurricanes, terrorism or acts of war, which may be uninsurable or not economically insurable. Inflation, changes in building codes and ordinances, environmental considerations and other factors, including terrorism or acts of war, also might result in insurance proceeds insufficient to repair or replace a property if it is damaged or destroyed. Under these circumstances, the borrower’s receipt of insurance proceeds with respect to a property relating to one of our investments, or insurance proceeds with respect to our real estate owned assets, might not be adequate to restore our economic position with respect to our investment. Any uninsured loss could result in the loss of cash flow from, and the asset value of, the affected property and the value of our investment related to such property. Our investments expose us to risks associated with debt-oriented real estate investments generally. We seek to invest primarily in debt in or relating to real estate assets. Any deterioration of real estate fundamentals generally, and in the U.S. in particular, could negatively impact our performance by making it more difficult for our borrowers to satisfy their debt payment obligations to us, increasing the default risk applicable to borrowers, and/or making it relatively more difficult for us to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns. Changes in general economic conditions will affect the creditworthiness of our borrowers and may include economic and/or market fluctuations, changes in the cost of capital improvements, which may impact the feasibility of our borrowers’ construction plans, casualty or condemnation losses, decreases in property values, changes in the appeal of properties to tenants, changes in supply and demand of regional markets in which our borrowers operate (which may be specific to certain property types), changes in immigration patterns and policies (which may affect the demand for such assets and disrupt labor markets), competition from newly developed or renovated properties, fluctuations in real estate fundamentals (including average occupancy and room rates for hotel properties and rent per square foot for multifamily properties), energy supply shortages, various uninsured or uninsurable risks, natural disasters, terrorism, acts of war, changes in government laws, regulations, and actions (such as tax, real estate, environmental and climate, rent control, zoning laws, and bank reserve requirements), political and legislative uncertainty, changes in real property tax rates and operating expenses, changes in interest rates, currency exchange rates, changes in the availability of debt financing and/or mortgage funds which may render the sale or refinancing of properties difficult or impracticable, increased mortgage defaults, increases in borrowing rates, changes in consumer spending, negative developments in the economy that depress travel activity and other economic activities that impact us and our borrowers, demand and/or real estate values generally and other factors that are beyond our control. For example, the increase in remote working arrangements has contributed, and may further contribute, to a decline in commercial real estate values and reduced demand for certain commercial real estate assets, which may adversely impact certain of our borrowers. Concerns about the real estate market, including overall demand for commercial real estate, elevated interest rates relative to recent historical standards, persistent rates of inflation, energy costs, and geopolitical issues have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and markets going forward. We cannot predict the degree to which economic conditions generally, and the conditions for CRE debt investing in particular, will improve or deteriorate. Declines in the performance of relevant regional and global economies or in the CRE debt market could have a material adverse effect on us. Investments that are secured, directly or indirectly, by CRE are subject to potential delinquency, foreclosure and loss, which could materially and adversely affect us. CRE debt investments that are secured, directly or indirectly, by CRE properties are subject to risks of delinquency and foreclosure and risks of loss. The ability of a borrower to repay a loan secured, directly or indirectly, by a property typically depends primarily upon the successful development, redevelopment, and/or operation of the property rather than upon the existence of independent income or assets of the borrower. If the net operating income of the property is reduced, or the cost of debt service increases, a borrower’s ability to repay our loan or make other contractually obligated payments in a timely manner, or at all, may be impaired and therefore could reduce our return from an affected property or investment, which could materially and adversely affect us. Net operating income of an income-producing property can be affected by, among other things: • tenant mix and tenant bankruptcies; • success of tenant businesses and the ability to respond to evolving risks, including weakness in employment markets, supply chain and labor market disruptions, and changes in consumer preferences; • renovations or repositionings during which operations may be limited or halted completely; • property management decisions, including with respect to qualified staffing and capital improvements, particularly in older building structures; 20 • property location and condition; • competition from other properties offering the same or similar services; • changes in supply and demand of regional markets in which our borrowers operate, which may be specific to certain property types; • changes in laws that increase operating expenses or limit rents that may be charged; • increased costs of deferred maintenance and capital improvements; • political, legislative, and regulatory uncertainty; • any need to address environmental contamination or compliance with environmental requirements at the property; • changes in national, regional or local economic conditions and/or specific industry segments; • declines in regional or local real estate values; • declines in regional or local rental or occupancy rates, including as a result of the increase in remote working arrangements; • changes in real estate tax rates and other operating expenses; • changes in governmental laws, regulations, actions, and fiscal policies, including Treasury Regulations promulgated under the Internal Revenue Code, or Treasury Regulations, and environmental legislation; • fraudulent acts or theft on the part of the property owner, borrower, sponsor and/or manager; • the potential for uninsured or under-insured property losses; • adverse changes in zoning laws; and • acts of God, terrorism, social unrest and civil disturbances, which may decrease the availability of or increase the cost of insurance or result in uninsured losses. In addition, an increase in or generally elevated interest rates can decrease a borrower’s ability to service its debt even if net operating income remains stable. In the event of any default under a loan held directly by us, we will bear a risk of loss to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral and the sum of the unpaid principal of, accrued interest on and cost to enforce our rights under such loan. In the event of the bankruptcy of a loan borrower, the loan to that borrower will be deemed to be secured only to the extent of the value of any collateral property at the time of bankruptcy (as determined by the bankruptcy court), and the lien securing the mortgage loan will be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession to the extent the lien is unenforceable under state law. Foreclosure of a loan can be an expensive and lengthy process and could result in significant losses. Prepayment rates may adversely affect the yield on our loans, the value of our portfolio of assets, and our liquidity. The value of our assets may be affected by prepayment rates on loans. In periods of declining interest rates and/or credit spreads, prepayment rates on loans will generally increase. If interest rates decline at the same time as prepayment rates increase, the proceeds of such prepayments received during such periods are likely to be reinvested by us in assets yielding less than the yields on the assets that were prepaid. In periods of increasing or generally elevated interest rates and/or credit spreads, prepayment rates on loans will generally decrease, which could impact our liquidity, or increase our potential exposure to loan non-performance. In addition, if we originate or acquire mortgage-related securities or a pool of mortgage securities, we anticipate that the underlying mortgages will prepay at a projected rate generating an expected yield. If we purchase assets at a premium to par value, when borrowers prepay their loans faster than expected, the corresponding prepayments on the asset may reduce the expected yield on such securities because we will have to amortize the related premium on an accelerated basis. Conversely, if we purchase assets at a discount to par value, when borrowers prepay their loans slower than expected, the decrease in corresponding prepayments on the asset may reduce the expected yield on such securities because we will not be able to accrete the related discount as quickly as originally anticipated. In addition, as a result of the risk of prepayment, the market value of the prepaid assets may benefit less than other fixed income securities from declining interest rates. Prepayment rates on loans may be affected by a number of factors, including the then-current level and trajectory of interest rates, the availability of mortgage credit, the relative economic vitality of the area in which the related properties are located, the servicing of the loans, possible changes in tax laws, other opportunities for investment, and other economic, social, geographic, demographic and 21 legal factors and other factors beyond our control. Consequently, such prepayment rates cannot be predicted with certainty and no strategy can completely insulate us from prepayment or other such risks. Difficulty in redeploying the proceeds from repayments or sales of our existing loans and investments may cause our financial performance and returns to investors to suffer. As our loans and investments are repaid or sold, we have and expect to continue to redeploy the proceeds we receive into accretive opportunities including new loans and investments, repay borrowings under our credit facilities, and/or repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock. It is possible that we will fail to identify reinvestment options that would provide returns or a risk profile that is comparable to the asset that was repaid. Further, our financings contain and future financings may contain various covenants, including restrictions on our ability to make certain investments we might otherwise make, make restricted payments, and repurchase shares of our common stock. If we fail to redeploy the proceeds we receive from repayment of a loan in equivalent or better alternatives or are unable to do so, our financial performance and returns to investors could suffer. A prolonged economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession and/or periods of declining real estate values could impair our investments and harm our operations, which could materially and adversely affect us. The risks associated with our business will be more severe during periods of economic slowdown, a lengthy or severe recession, and/or periods of declining real estate values. Such scenarios will likely reduce the level of loan originations since borrowers often use the performance of and appreciation in the value of their existing properties to support the purchase or investment in additional properties or refinancing of existing properties. Borrowers may also be less able to make contractually obligated payments on our loans if the operating performance, results of operations, or the value of real estate weakens. Further, declining real estate values significantly increase the likelihood that we will incur losses on our loans in the event of default because the value of our collateral may be insufficient to cover contractually obligated amounts due to us. Any sustained period of increased payment delinquencies, foreclosures or losses could adversely affect our ability to invest in, hold and finance loans. Any of the foregoing risks could materially and adversely affect us. Recent macroeconomic trends and commensurate fluctuations in benchmark interest rates, may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In early 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve began a campaign to combat inflation by increasing interest rates, ultimately resulting in benchmark interest rates increasing by 5.25% by the end of 2023. Although the U.S. Federal Reserve has reduced benchmark interest rates between September 2024 and December 2025, such benchmark rates remain elevated relative to recent historical standards. Additionally, the U.S. Federal Reserve has indicated that further changes in benchmark interest rates are dependent upon changes in prices and employment markets. The timing, direction, and extent of any future adjustment to benchmark interest rates by the U.S. Federal Reserve is uncertain. Rates of inflation above the U.S. Federal Reserve’s long-term target could have an adverse impact on any floating rate debt we have incurred and may incur in the future, and our general and administrative expenses of our loan portfolio and real estate owned assets, as these costs could remain elevated or further increase at a rate higher than our interest income and other revenue. Further, to the extent our borrowing costs remain elevated or further increase faster than the interest income earned from our floating-rate loans or revenues from our real estate owned assets, such increases may adversely affect our cash flows, our ability to meet the financial covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness, or our ability to refinance maturing debt as it comes due. In addition, such above-target inflation and elevated benchmark interest rates relative to recent historical standards may materially and adversely impact the ability of our borrowers to make required payments on our loans. Conversely, in a period of declining interest rates, the interest income on floating rate investments would decline, while any decline in the interest we are charged on our floating rate debt may not equal or exceed the decrease in interest income and the interest expense we incur. Provisions for current expected credit loss reserve are difficult to estimate. Our provisions for our current expected credit loss reserve are evaluated on a quarterly basis. The determination of our provision for credit losses requires us to make certain estimates and judgments, which may be difficult to determine. Our estimates and judgments are based on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the historical loan loss reference data from a comparable data set, the overall economic environment, real estate sector, the geographic sub-market in which the borrower operates, performance and/or value of the collateral property, property market value, loan-to-value ratio, the financial and operating capability of the borrower/sponsor, the financial strength of loan guarantors, if any, loan positions senior to ours, the risk rating of a loan, whether a loan is a construction loan and timing of the loan’s initial maturity. Furthermore, in certain circumstances, we may estimate the fair value of the loan’s collateral property to determine our provision for current expected credit loss. Estimates of fair values used to determine such reserves may include, among others, assumptions of property specific cash flows over estimated holding periods, assumptions of property redevelopment costs, assumptions of leasing 22 activities, discount rates, market and terminal capitalization rates, and, with respect to land, value per buildable square foot. These assumptions are based upon the nature of the properties, recent and projected property cash flows, recent sales and lease comparables, and anticipated real estate and capital market conditions, among other factors which we may deem relevant, all of which remain uncertain and are subjective. Our estimates and judgments may not be correct and, therefore, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially and adversely impacted. We may not have control over certain of our investments. Our ability to manage our portfolio of investments may be limited by the form in which they are made. In certain situations, we may: • acquire investments subject to rights of senior creditors and servicers under intercreditor or servicing agreements; • pledge our investments as collateral for financing arrangements; • acquire only a minority and/or a non-controlling participation in an underlying investment; • co-invest with others through partnerships, joint ventures or other entities, thereby acquiring non-controlling interests; or • rely on independent third-party management or servicing with respect to the management of an asset. Therefore, we may not be able to exercise control over all aspects of our investments. Such investments may involve risks not present in investments as to which senior creditors, junior creditors or servicers are not involved. Our rights to control the process following a borrower default may be subject to the rights of senior or junior creditors or servicers whose interests may not be aligned with ours. Joint venture investments could be adversely affected by our lack of sole decision-making authority, our reliance on joint venture partners’ financial condition and liquidity and disputes between us and our joint venture partners. We have made, and may in the future make investments through joint ventures. Such joint venture investments may involve risks not otherwise present when we originate or acquire investments without partners, including the following: • we may not have exclusive control over the investment or the joint venture, which may prevent us from taking actions that are in our best interest; • joint venture agreements often restrict the transfer of a partner’s interest or may otherwise restrict our ability to sell the interest when we desire and/or on advantageous terms; • any future joint venture agreements may contain buy-sell provisions pursuant to which one partner may initiate procedures requiring the other partner to choose between buying the other partner’s interest or selling its interest to that partner; • we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the investment or joint venture, which could create the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, such as with respect to acquisitions or dispositions; • a partner may, at any time, have economic or business interests or goals that are, or that may become, inconsistent with our business interests or goals; • a partner may be in a position to take action contrary to our instructions, requests, policies or objectives, including our policy with respect to maintaining our qualification as a REIT and our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act; • a partner may fail to fund its share of required capital contributions or may become bankrupt, which may mean that we and any other remaining partners generally would remain liable for the joint venture’s liabilities; • our relationships with our partners are contractual in nature and may be terminated or dissolved under the terms of the applicable joint venture agreements and, in such event, we may not continue to own or operate the interests or investments underlying such relationship or may need to purchase such interests or investments at a premium to the market price to continue ownership; 23 • disputes between us and a partner may result in litigation or arbitration that could increase our expenses and prevent our Manager and our officers and directors from focusing their time and efforts on our business and could result in subjecting the investments owned by the joint venture to additional risk; or • we may, in certain circumstances, be liable for the actions of a partner, and the activities of a partner could adversely affect our ability to continue to qualify as a REIT or maintain our exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act, even though we do not control the joint venture. Any of the above may subject us to liabilities in excess of those contemplated and adversely affect the value of our future joint venture investments, which could materially and adversely affect us. CRE valuation is inherently subjective and uncertain. The valuation of CRE assets and therefore the valuation of any collateral property relating to loans made by us or our real estate owned assets is inherently subjective and uncertain due to, among other factors, the individual nature of each property, its location, the expected future cash flows from that particular property, future market conditions, demand for various types of real estate and the valuation methodology adopted. In addition, where we invest in construction loans, initial assessments will assume completion of the project. As a result, the valuations of the CRE assets against which we will make loans are subject to a large degree of uncertainty, which has increased due to the current market volatility, and are made on the basis of assumptions and methodologies that may not prove to be accurate, particularly in periods of volatility, low transaction flow or restricted debt or equity capital availability in the commercial or residential real estate markets. The due diligence process that our Manager undertakes in regard to investment opportunities may not reveal all facts that may be relevant in connection with an investment and if our Manager incorrectly evaluates the risks of our investments, we may experience losses, which could materially and adversely affect us. Before making investments for us, our Manager conducts due diligence that it deems reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances relevant to each potential investment. When conducting due diligence, our Manager may be required to evaluate a number of important issues, including those relating to business, financial, tax, accounting, environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters, technology, cybersecurity, legal, regulatory and macroeconomic trends. Outside consultants, legal advisors and accountants may be involved in the due diligence process in varying degrees depending on the investment. Relying on the resources available to it, our Manager will evaluate our potential investments based on criteria it deems appropriate for the relevant investment. The nature and scope of our Manager’s ESG-related diligence, if any, will vary based on the nature of the investment opportunity and what our Manager deems appropriate or necessary under the circumstances, which may not reflect the preferred practices of any particular investor and may differ from other market practices. In addition, our Manager’s credit underwriting may not prove accurate, and actual results may vary materially from estimates. If our Manager’s assessment of an asset’s future performance is not accurate relative to the way we underwrite such asset, or our Manager’s due diligence process fails to identify material risks relating to such asset, we may experience losses with respect to such investment. Any such losses could materially and adversely affect us. Moreover, investment analyses and decisions by our Manager may frequently be required to be undertaken on an expedited basis to take advantage of investment opportunities. In such cases, the information available to our Manager at the time of making an investment decision may be limited, and it may not have access to detailed information regarding such investment. Further, certain considerations covered by our Manager’s diligence, such as ESG-related risks, are continuously evolving, including from an assessment, regulatory and compliance standpoint, and our Manager may not accurately or fully anticipate such evolution. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Manager will have knowledge of all circumstances that may adversely affect such investment. We may foreclose on certain of the loans we originate or acquire, which could result in material losses. Properties underlying our CRE loans may be subject to unknown or unquantifiable liabilities that may adversely affect the value of our investments. Such defects or deficiencies may include title defects, title disputes, liens or other encumbrances on the mortgaged properties. The discovery of such unknown defects, deficiencies and liabilities could affect the ability of our borrowers to make payments to us or could affect our ability to take title to and sell the underlying properties, which could materially and adversely affect us. We may find it necessary or desirable to foreclose on certain of the loans we originate or acquire in order to preserve our investment and maximize our recovery. Any foreclosure process may be lengthy and expensive. Among the expenses that are likely to occur in any foreclosure would be the incurrence of substantial legal fees and potentially significant transfer taxes. If we foreclose on an asset, we may take title to the property securing that asset subject to any debt and debt service requirements then in effect, which was the case for the foreclosure resulting in our real estate owned hotel portfolio. As a result, we cannot assure you that the value of the collateral underlying a foreclosed loan at or after the time a foreclosure is contemplated or completed will exceed our investment, including related foreclosure expenses and assumed indebtedness, or that operating cash flows from such real estate asset will exceed debt service 24 requirements, if any. As a result, a contemplated or completed foreclosure could result in significant losses. Owning and operating real property, such as our real estate owned assets, involves risks that are different (and in many ways more significant) than the risks faced in lending against a CRE asset. Furthermore, claims may be asserted by other lenders or borrowers or parties that might interfere with our ability to foreclose or otherwise enforce our rights. Borrowers may resist foreclosure actions by asserting numerous claims, counterclaims and defenses against us, including, without limitation, lender liability claims and defenses, even when the assertions may have no basis in fact, in an effort to prolong the foreclosure action and seek to force the lender into a modification of the loan or a favorable buyout of the borrower’s position in the loan. In some states, foreclosure actions can take several years or more to litigate. At any time prior to or during the foreclosure proceedings, the borrower may file for bankruptcy, which would have the effect of staying the foreclosure actions and further delaying the foreclosure process and potentially resulting in a reduction or discharge of a borrower’s debt. Foreclosure may create a negative public perception of the related property, resulting in a diminution of its value. Even if we are successful in foreclosing on a loan, the liquidation proceeds upon the eventual sale of the underlying real estate may not be sufficient to recover our cost basis in the loan, resulting in a loss to us. Furthermore, any costs or delays involved in the foreclosure of the loan or a liquidation of the underlying property will further reduce the net proceeds and, thus, increase any such loss. The incurrence of any such losses could materially and adversely affect us. We may be subject to lender liability claims, and if we are held liable under such claims, we could be subject to losses. A number of judicial decisions have upheld the right of borrowers to sue lending institutions on the basis of various evolving legal theories, collectively termed “lender liability.” Generally, lender liability is founded on the premise that a lender has either violated a duty, whether implied or contractual, of good faith and fair dealing owed to the borrower or has assumed a degree of control over the borrower resulting in the creation of a fiduciary duty owed to the borrower or its other creditors or stockholders. We cannot assure you that such claims will not arise or that we will not be subject to significant liability and losses if a claim of this type did arise. Liability relating to environmental matters may impact the value of our loans, the collateral properties of our loans, or of properties that we may acquire upon foreclosure of the properties underlying our investments. To the extent we take title to any of the properties underlying our investments, we may be subject to environmental liabilities arising from the foreclosed properties. Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, an owner or operator of real property may become liable for the costs of removal of certain hazardous substances released on its property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of the hazardous substances. The presence of hazardous substances on a property may adversely affect our ability to sell the property, and we may incur substantial remediation costs. As a result, the discovery of material environmental liabilities attached to those properties could materially and adversely affect us. In addition, the presence of hazardous substances may adversely affect an owner’s ability to sell real estate or borrow using real estate as collateral. To the extent that an owner of a property underlying one of our loans becomes liable for removal costs, the ability of the owner to make payments to us may be reduced, which in turn may adversely affect the value of the relevant loan held by us and could materially and adversely affect us. Climate change, and other risks relating to the environmental, social and governance impact of our investments or the underlying properties and development activities that we finance, could adversely affect our business. We face a number of risks associated with climate change including risks stemming from the physical impacts of climate change and related to potential changes in applicable legislation and regulation, any of which could have a material adverse effect on the properties underlying our investments, our borrowers, our real estate owned assets, or our performance. It is not possible to predict how legislation or new regulations that may be adopted to address greenhouse gas emissions will impact our borrowers or CRE properties generally. Future environmental laws and regulations could require the owners of properties to make significant expenditures to attain and maintain compliance, and may require related disclosures. More broadly, we face risks associated with the unpredictability of new legislation and regulation focused on ESG matters, such as considering ESG factors when determining whether to make a new investment. If we are involved with assets or entities associated with certain industries or activities that are perceived to be causing or exacerbating climate change or other ESG-related issues, it may adversely impact our ability to raise capital from certain investors or harm our reputation. Conversely, if we avoid involvement with such industries or activities, it may limit our capital deployment opportunities to an extent that adversely affects our business, or otherwise subject us to scrutiny. Our business is subject to evolving corporate governance and public disclosure regulations and expectations, including with respect to environmental, social and governance matters, that could expose us to numerous risks. 25 There has been evolving focus by government, customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders on ESG matters and related disclosures. Such attention to ESG matters, including expanding mandatory and voluntary reporting, diligence, and disclosure on topics such as climate change, human capital, labor and risk oversight, could expand the nature, scope, and complexity of matters that we are required to manage, assess and report. We are subject to changing rules and regulations promulgated by varied governmental and regulatory organizations and bodies, including the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. These rules and regulations continue to evolve in scope and complexity, and such changing requirements can make compliance more difficult and uncertain. For example, the SEC has adopted rules requiring issuers to provide significantly increased disclosures concerning cybersecurity matters and requiring public companies to adopt more stringent executive compensation clawback policies. Any such regulatory expectations related to ESG could require additional cost, and the dedication of time and resources, which may adversely affect our business. These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. If we are not considered to be successful in meeting legal or other stakeholder requirements or expectations, our response to ESG matters could harm our business. Further, we may choose to communicate certain initiatives and goals regarding ESG matters in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. These initiatives and goals may be difficult and expensive to implement, and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy or completeness of the disclosure. Statements about our ESG-related initiatives and goals, and progress against those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. In addition, we could be criticized for the scope or nature of such initiatives or goals, or for any decision to change them. If we are unable to adequately address such ESG matters or if we fail to achieve progress with respect to our goals within the scope of ESG on a timely basis, or at all, or if we or our borrowers fail or are perceived to fail to comply with all laws, regulations, policies and related interpretations, it could negatively impact our reputation and our business results. Risks Related to Sources of Financing and Hedging We have indebtedness outstanding and may be unable to make deleveraging payments or obtain replacement financing with similar terms. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $3.2 billion in consolidated indebtedness outstanding. Our secured financings, except for our prior secured term loan, have maturity extension options available to us, subject to meeting prescribed conditions, which may include consent from our lender. In January 2026, we refinanced our secured term loan with a new secured term loan which provides for an aggregate principal amount of $500.0 million and a maturity date of January 30, 2030. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we made deleveraging payments to certain of our financing counterparties and expect to continue to do so as agreed with our lenders. In certain instances, we may need to find replacement financing, if available, which could be on less favorable terms, or pledge additional collateral to our financing facilities, all of which may reduce available liquidity. In addition, early repayment of indebtedness may require us to pay prepayment premiums, breakage costs or exit fees under our financing agreements, which would increase our costs and reduce available liquidity. Our ability to make any future deleveraging payments will be dependent upon the results of our operating activities, the timing, amount, and pace of resolutions of our loans and real estate owned assets, our financial condition, and the overall market conditions in which we operate, among other factors. We may incur additional debt in the future, which subjects us to increased risk of loss, which could materially and adversely affect us. In the future, subject to market conditions and availability, we may incur additional debt through repurchase agreements, asset-specific financing structures, and secured term loan borrowings. In addition to these types of financings, we may also use other forms of leverage, including but not limited to secured and unsecured credit arrangements, structured financings such as CMBS and CLOs, derivative instruments, public and private secured and unsecured debt issuances by us or our subsidiaries. Subject to compliance with the leverage covenants contained in our repurchase agreements and other financing arrangements, the amount of leverage we employ will vary depending on our available capital, our ability to obtain and maintain financing, the type of assets we are financing, whether the financing is match-funded, whether the financing is recourse or non-recourse, the debt restrictions and other covenants sought to be imposed by prospective and existing lenders and the stability of our loan portfolio’s cash flow, as well as general business conditions affecting lenders and the broader debt capital markets, including overall supply and demand of credit. In addition, we may leverage individual assets at substantially higher levels than our targeted Total Leverage Ratio. 26 In addition, certain of our financing agreements contain financial covenants that require us to maintain minimum levels of liquidity. We currently maintain, and seek to maintain, cash and liquidity to i) comply with such minimum liquidity requirements under our financings and ii) meet our primary liquidity needs, including future fundings to our borrowers on our unfunded loan commitments, interest payment and principal repayment obligations on outstanding borrowings under our secured financings, operating expenses, management fees, and dividend payments to our stockholders necessary to satisfy REIT dividend requirements. We seek to meet such liquidity needs through our primary sources of liquidity as discussed further in Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Liquidity and Capital Resources - Sources of Liquidity.” During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we made deleveraging payments to certain of our financing counterparties and expect to continue to do so as agreed with our lenders. In certain instances, we may need to find replacement financing, if available, which could be on less favorable terms, or pledge additional collateral to our financing facilities, all of which may reduce available liquidity. Our ability to make any future deleveraging payments will be dependent upon the results of our operating activities, the timing, amount, and pace of resolutions of our loans and real estate owned assets, our financial condition, and the overall market conditions in which we operate, among other factors. Additional debt subjects us to many risks that may materially and adversely affect us, including the risk that: • our cash flow from operating and investing activities could become insufficient to make required payments of principal and interest on outstanding borrowings under our secured financings, which would likely result in (a) acceleration of the debt (and any other debt containing a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision), increasing the likelihood of further distress if refinancing is not available on favorable terms or at all, (b) our inability to borrow undrawn amounts under other existing financing arrangements, even if we have timely made all required payments under such arrangements, further compromising our liquidity, and/or (c) the loss of some or all of our assets that are pledged as collateral in connection with our financing arrangements (including assets transferred to lenders under repurchase agreements); • our debt may increase our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions with no assurance that such debt will increase our investment yields in an amount sufficient to offset the associated risks relating to leverage; • we may be required to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operating and investing activities to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for operations, future business opportunities, stockholder distributions and/or other purposes; • to the extent the maturity of certain debt ( e.g. , credit or repurchase agreements) occurs prior to the maturity of a related asset pledged or transferred as collateral for such debt ( e.g. , an underlying senior or subordinate loan made by us), we may not be able to refinance that debt on favorable terms or at all, which may reduce available liquidity and/or cause significant losses to us; and • in certain instances, we may be required to de-lever our financing specifically related to, or otherwise impacted by, a non-performing or defaulted loan, modify our financing facility or find replacement financing, if available, which could be on less favorable terms, or pledge additional collateral to our financing facility, all of which may reduce available liquidity, and any such action or a repayment of debt prior to its maturity date may result in us paying prepayment premiums, breakage costs or exit fees, which would increase our costs and reduce available liquidity. Although our Manager will seek to prudently manage our exposure to the risk of default on our debt, there can be no assurance that our financing strategy will be successful or that it will produce enhanced returns commensurate with the increased risk of loss that necessarily arises when using leverage. Our financing strategy may cause us to incur significant losses, which could materially and adversely affect us. Certain lenders, financing counterparties or investors may require specified minimum credit ratings from one or more nationally recognized credit rating agencies as a condition to providing or renewing capital to us. We are currently rated by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s Investors Service, although such ratings are expected to be discontinued if not required by our lenders, financing counterparties or investors. Our credit ratings could change based upon, among other things, our historical and projected business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. Any downgrade, negative outlook, placement on a watch list for possible downgrade or withdrawal of a rating could increase our borrowing costs, reduce advance rates or borrowing base availability, require us to post additional collateral or pay fees, limit or preclude access to particular sources of capital and reduce our ability to access capital on favorable terms or at all. 27 Our secured term loan, debt related to real estate owned hotel portfolio, current financing facilities, derivative instruments, and secured loans contain, and additional lending facilities may contain, financial and other covenants that restrict our operational flexibility, which could materially and adversely affect us. Our secured term loan, debt related to real estate owned hotel portfolio, current financing facilities, derivative instruments, and secured loans contain, and additional financing facilities may contain, various financial and other covenants, including requiring us to meet or maintain certain financial ratios or other requirements that restrict our operational flexibility, including restrictions on our ability to incur indebtedness, create liens, merge or consolidate, dispose of assets, make restricted payments, repurchase shares of our common stock, resume paying dividends, enter into certain transactions with affiliates, and make certain investments that we might otherwise make. As calculated in accordance with our prior secured term loan agreement and as of December 31, 2025, (i) our tangible net worth, which may reflect certain adjustments for our current expected credit loss reserve, shall not be less than $1.4 billion and (ii) our indebtedness shall not exceed 77.8% of our total assets. For the quarter ended December 31, 2025, there was no measurement of our ratio of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization to interest charges (our “Interest Coverage Ratio”). In January 2026, our prior secured term loan was repaid in full. As calculated in accordance with our repurchase agreements as of December 31, 2025, our term participation facility as of December 31, 2025, and our new secured term loan agreement effective upon its closing, (i) our tangible net worth shall not be less than $1.0 billion plus 75% of the aggregate cash proceeds received by us after January 30, 2026 from any equity issuances, capital contributions, and/or subscriptions (net of any related costs) and (ii) our indebtedness shall not exceed 77.8% of our total assets. For the quarters ending December 31, 2025 to June 30, 2027, there is no measurement of our Interest Coverage Ratio. Commencing with the quarters ending September 30, 2027 and December 31, 2027, our Interest Coverage Ratio shall not be less than 1.10 to 1.00. Subsequent thereto, our Interest Coverage Ratio shall not be less than (i) 1.20 to 1.00 for the quarters ending March 31, 2028 and June 30, 2028 and (ii) 1.30 to 1.00 for the quarters ending September 30, 2028 and thereafter. Furthermore, as calculated in accordance with our repurchase agreements and our term participation facility as of December 31, 2025, our cash liquidity shall not be less than the greater of (x) $20.0 million or (y) 5% of total recourse indebtedness (which includes our secured term loan). Such covenants may be required by future lenders or financing counterparties. In addition, certain of our existing lenders require, and future lenders may require, us to agree that we would be in default if our Manager or one or more of its executive officers cease to serve in such capacity for any reason. Future compliance with our financial covenants is dependent upon the results of our operating activities, our financial condition, and the overall market conditions in which we and our borrowers operate. The impact of macroeconomic conditions on the commercial real estate and capital markets, including elevated benchmark interest rates compared to recent historical standards and the effects thereof on our and our borrowers’ operating performance, may make it more difficult for us to satisfy these financial covenants in the future and ultimately reduce our liquidity and returns on equity. Non-compliance with financial covenants may result in our lenders exercising their rights and remedies as provided for in the respective agreements, which could materially and adversely affect us. As the results of our operating activities, our financial condition, and the overall market conditions in which we and our borrowers operate evolve, we may continue to work with our counterparties on modifying financial covenants as needed; however, there is no assurance that our counterparties will agree to such modifications. If we fail to satisfy any of these covenants, such that a default arises, our lenders may be entitled to enforce remedies such as declaring outstanding amounts due and payable, terminating their commitments, requiring the posting of additional collateral and/or enforcing their security interests against existing collateral, unless we were able to negotiate a waiver, forbearance or other modification. Any such arrangement could be conditioned on an amendment to the lending or repurchase agreement and any related guarantee agreement on terms that may be unfavorable to us. Certain of our financings are, and may also in the future, contain cross-default and/or cross-acceleration provisions with respect to our other debt agreements or facilities. Any such provision could allow a financing counterparty to declare a default because of a default or acceleration under a financing arrangement with a different financing counterparty. This would create defaults across multiple financings resulting from a single event. This and any other type of default could make it difficult for us to satisfy the requirements necessary to maintain our qualification as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as liquidity generated from operating cash flow is transferred to our lenders rather than distributed to our stockholders. As a result, a default on any of our debt could materially and adversely affect us. Additionally, the new secured term loan provides the lenders with the right to appoint two non-voting observers to our Board, each of whom must qualify as independent under the standards of the New York Stock Exchange and be reasonably satisfactory to us. The new secured term loan also provides additional governance rights upon the occurrence and continuance of a material event of default, including the right to have the two board observers be automatically appointed to our Board (in such context, the “Designated Directors”) and to have such Designated Directors participate in a review of, and make a recommendation to the Board regarding whether 28 or not to terminate, our Manager. The credit agreement and our amended and restated bylaws require the new secured term loan administrative agent’s consent to amend, alter or repeal the observer and related governance rights while the new secured term loan remains outstanding. These provisions may increase lender influence over our Board, governance and strategic decisions, create actual or perceived conflicts of interest and result in decisions, such as a termination of our Manager, that could have a material adverse effect on us. The arrangements that we currently use, or may in the future use, to finance our investments may require us to provide additional collateral or pay down debt based on the occurrence of certain events. Some of our financing arrangements contain mark-to-market provisions creating a risk that a decline in the market value of the assets pledged or sold by us to the provider of the related financing will allow the lender or counterparty to make margin calls or otherwise force us to repay all or a portion of the funds advanced additional collateral. Our Manager generally seeks to structure credit and repurchase agreements that do not allow our lenders or counterparties to make margin calls or require additional collateral solely as a result of a disruption in the CMBS market, capital markets or credit markets, or a general increase or decrease of interest rate spreads or other similar benchmarks (as opposed to allowing such counterparties to make margin calls upon the occurrence of adverse “credit events” related to the collateral). However, some of our repurchase agreements contain, and certain of our future repurchase agreements or other financing facilities may contain, provisions allowing our lenders to make margin calls or require additional collateral solely upon the occurrence of adverse changes in the markets or interest rate or spread fluctuations, subject to minimum thresholds, among other factors. We have in the past pursued, and may continue to pursue, standstill agreements, pursuant to which we may agree to voluntary repayments in exchange for the lender agreeing not to exercise margin calls for a period of time, with our repurchase agreement counterparties if or when we deem appropriate, although there is no assurance that such efforts will be successful. In such instances, we may also agree to a structured paydown over time in an effort to minimize the impact to our liquidity, subject to our financing counterparty’s consent. Under credit and repurchase agreements that provide for margin calls, the lender or counterparty can generally require cash or additional collateral to satisfy such margin call. From time to time, we may not have the funds or assets available to satisfy such a margin call, which would likely result in one or more defaults unless we are able to raise the requisite funds from alternative sources such as selling assets at a time when we would not otherwise choose to do so (which we may not be able to achieve on favorable terms or at all). In addition, the payment of margin calls and/or provision of additional collateral could reduce our cash available to make other, higher yielding investments (thereby decreasing our returns on equity). If we cannot meet these requirements, the lender or counterparty could accelerate our indebtedness and exercise remedies including retention or sale of assets pledged or transferred as collateral, increase the interest rate on advanced funds, increase the level of recourse on our borrowings, and/or terminate our ability to borrow funds from it, which could materially and adversely affect us. Additionally, any future loan modifications for our loans that have been financed with repurchase agreements will require the consent from the applicable lender prior to us entering into any such loan modification. There can be no assurance that such lender will consent to any such loan modifications or will not require us to take certain actions as a condition to obtaining such consent, which could materially and adversely affect us. In our repurchase transactions, we are required to sell the assets to our lenders (i.e., repurchase agreement counterparties) in exchange for the delivery of cash from such lenders. At the maturity of the financing, the lenders are obligated to resell the same assets back to us upon payment of a repurchase price equal to the outstanding advance amount on such assets together with any accrued and unpaid interest thereon and other amounts then due to the lenders. If a counterparty to our repurchase transactions defaults on its obligation to resell the asset back to us at the end of the transaction term, or if the value of the underlying security has declined as of the end of that term, or if we default on our obligations under the repurchase agreement, we will likely incur a loss on our repurchase transactions. If a lender or counterparty files for bankruptcy or becomes insolvent, our loans may become subject to bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, thus depriving us, at least temporarily, of the benefit of these assets. In addition, our repurchase agreements and credit facilities contain, and any new repurchase agreements or credit agreements we may enter into are likely to contain, cross-default and/or cross acceleration provisions. Such provisions allow a lender to declare a default under its facility with us on the basis of a default or acceleration under a facility with a different lender. If a default or acceleration occurs under any of our repurchase agreements or credit facilities and one or more lenders terminates one or more of its repurchase agreement or credit facility, we may need to enter into replacement repurchase agreements or credit facilities with different lenders. In these circumstances, we may not be successful in entering into replacement repurchase agreements or credit facilities on the same or similar terms as the repurchase agreements or credit facilities that were terminated or at all. Also, because repurchase agreements and similar credit facilities are generally short-term commitments of capital, changes in conditions in the financing markets may make it more difficult for us to maintain or secure continued financing during times of market stress. During certain periods of a credit cycle, lenders may lose their ability or curtail their willingness to provide financing. If we are not able to arrange for replacement financing on acceptable terms, or if we default on any covenants or are otherwise unable to access funds under any of our repurchase agreements and credit facilities, we could experience a significant liquidity event and may have to curtail our asset origination and acquisition activities and/or dispose of investments. Such an event could restrict our access to financing and increase our cost of capital, which could materially and adversely affect us. 29 We depend or may depend on bank credit agreements and facilities, repurchase agreements and structured financing arrangements, public and private debt issuances and derivative instruments, in addition to transaction- or asset-specific financing arrangements and other sources of financing to execute our business plan, and our inability to maintain or access financing on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on us. Our ability to fund our investments may be impacted by our ability to secure and maintain bank credit facilities (including term loans and revolving facilities), repurchase agreements and structured financing arrangements, public and private debt issuances and derivative instruments, in addition to asset-specific financing arrangements and other sources of financing on acceptable terms. We utilize repurchase agreements to finance the acquisition of certain investments. In order for us to borrow funds under a repurchase agreement, our lender has the right to review the potential assets for which we are seeking financing and approve such assets in its sole discretion. Accordingly, we may be unable to obtain the consent of a lender to finance an investment and alternate sources of financing for such asset may not exist. We may also rely on short-term financing that would be especially exposed to changes in availability. Our access to sources of financing will depend upon a number of factors, over which we have little or no control, including: • general economic or market conditions in the markets in which we and our borrowers operate in; • the market’s view of the quality of our assets; • the market’s view of performance of other companies executing a strategy comparable to ours; • the market’s perception of our growth potential; • our current and potential earnings liquidity and cash distributions; • regulatory capital reform rules or other regulatory changes; and • the market price of shares of our common stock. We will need to periodically access the capital markets to raise cash to fund new investments or repay in whole or in part the financings associated with existing investments. Unfavorable economic or capital market conditions, such as the severe dislocation in the capital and credit markets caused most recently by a material increase in interest rates intended to combat recent increases in inflation, may increase our financing costs, limit our access to the capital markets and result in a decision by our potential lenders not to extend credit or to reduce their credit exposure. An inability to successfully access the capital markets could limit our ability to grow our business and fully execute our business plan and could decrease our earnings and liquidity and materially and adversely affect us. In addition, any dislocation or weakness in the capital and credit markets, such as the dislocation that existed during the global financial crisis of 2008, could adversely affect our lenders and could cause one or more of our lenders to be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing or to increase the costs of that financing. In addition, as regulatory capital requirements imposed on our lenders are increased, they may be required to limit or reduce the amount of, or increase the cost of financing they provide to us. In general, this could increase our financing costs and reduce our liquidity or require us to sell assets at an inopportune time or price. No assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain or maintain financing on favorable terms or at all. In addition, although we generally seek to reduce our exposure to lender concentration-related risk by entering into financings with various counterparties, we are not required to observe specific lending counterparty diversification criteria. To the extent that our net exposure under our lending arrangements may become concentrated with one or more lenders, the adverse impacts of defaults or terminations by our lenders may be significantly greater. Fluctuations in interest rates and credit spreads could increase our financing costs and/or reduce our ability to generate income on our investments, which could lead to a significant decrease in our results of operations, cash flows and the value of our investments or the collateral properties and may limit our ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. Our primary interest rate exposures relate to the yield on our investments and the financing cost of our debt, as well as our exposure to interest rate swaps that we may utilize for hedging purposes either with respect to our investments or our indebtedness. Changes in interest rates affect our net interest income, which is the difference between the interest income we earn on our interest-earning investments and the interest expense we incur in financing these investments. In a period of rising interest rates, our interest expense on floating rate debt would increase, while any additional interest income we earn on floating rate investments may not equal or exceed the increase in interest expense. The interest earned on investments and incurred on debt that carry a fixed rate would not change. In a period of declining interest rates, the interest income on floating rate investments would decline, while any decline in the interest we are charged on our floating rate debt may not equal or exceed the decrease in interest income and the interest expense we incur. As noted above, the interest earned on investments and incurred on debt that carry a fixed rate would not change. Certain of our financings may have interest rate floors, which if the index rate were to fall below such floor our interest expense would essentially remain fixed. Consequently, 30 changes in interest rates may significantly influence our net interest income. Interest rate fluctuations resulting in our interest expense exceeding interest income would result in operating losses, which could materially and adversely affect us. Changes in the level of interest rates also may affect our ability to originate or acquire investments, the value of our investments and our ability to realize gains from the disposition of assets. Increases in interest rates and credit spreads may also negatively affect demand for loans and could result in higher borrower default rates. In early 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve began a campaign to combat inflation by increasing interest rates, ultimately resulting in benchmark interest rates increasing by 5.25% by the end of 2023. Although the U.S. Federal Reserve has reduced benchmark interest rates between September 2024 and December 2025, such benchmark rates remain elevated relative to recent historical standards. Additionally, the U.S. Federal Reserve has indicated that further changes in benchmark interest rates are dependent upon changes in prices and employment markets. The timing, direction, and extent of any future adjustment to benchmark interest rates by the U.S. Federal Reserve is uncertain. For more information regarding changes in interest rates affecting borrower default rates, please see “—Prepayment rates may adversely affect the yield on our loans and the value of our portfolio of assets.” Our operating results will depend, in part, on differences between the income earned on our investments, net of credit losses, and our financing costs. The yields we earn on our assets and our borrowing costs tend to move in the same direction in response to changes in interest rates. However, one can rise or fall faster than the other, causing our net interest income to expand or contract. In addition, we could experience a compression of the yield on our investments and our financing costs. Although we seek to match the terms of our liabilities to the expected lives and interest rate reference indices of loans that we originate or acquire, circumstances may arise in which our liabilities are shorter in duration than our investments, resulting in their adjusting faster in response to changes in interest rates. For any period during which our investments are not match-funded, the income earned on such investments may respond more slowly to interest rate fluctuations than the cost of our borrowings. Consequently, in such circumstances, increases in interest rates, particularly short-term interest rates, may immediately and significantly decrease our results of operations and cash flows, the market value of our investments and may adversely impact our ability to comply with covenants under our financings. Our use of leverage may create a mismatch with the duration and interest rate reference index of the investments that we are financing. We work to structure our financings to minimize the difference between the term of our investments and the term of the financing for such investments. In the event that a financing has a shorter term than the tenor of the financed investment, we may not be able to extend the financing or find appropriate replacement financing and any such failure would have an adverse impact on our liquidity and our returns. In the event that a financing has a shorter term than the financed investment, we may not be able to repay the financing when due or replace the financed investment with an optimal substitute or at all, which will negatively impact our desired leveraged returns. We attempt to structure our financings to minimize any mismatch between the type of interest rate of our investments and the interest rate of related financings—financing floating rate investments with floating rate financing and fixed rate investments with fixed rate financing. Further, we work to match reference rates on floating rate liabilities used to finance floating rate assets. If such a rate-type matched product is not then available to us on favorable terms, we may use hedging instruments to effectively create such a match. For example, in the case of fixed rate investments, we may finance investments with floating rate financing, but effectively convert all or a portion of the attendant financing to fixed rate using hedging strategies. We routinely use one-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR”) floors on both our investments and our debt financings, with the SOFR floors of our financings typically lower than the SOFR floors for our investments. Our attempts to mitigate these risks are subject to factors outside of our control, such as the availability to us of favorable financing and hedging options, which is subject to a variety of factors, of which duration and term matching are only two. A duration mismatch may also occur when borrowers prepay their loans faster or slower than expected. The risks of a duration mismatch are also magnified by the potential for the extension of loans in order to maximize the likelihood and magnitude of their recovery value in the event the loans experience credit or performance challenges. Employment of this asset management practice could effectively extend the duration of our investments, while our hedges or liabilities may have set maturity dates. An increase in our borrowing costs relative to the interest that we receive on our leveraged loans and revenues that we receive on our levered real estate owned assets would adversely affect our profitability and our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. As certain borrowings mature, we may need to replace such borrowings with new financings, find other sources of liquidity or sell assets. As borrowing rates have increased from recent and historically low levels, at the time we enter into new borrowings, the spread between the returns on our investments and the cost of our borrowings may be reduced. In addition, there is no assurance that short-term interest rates may not increase further. Although the U.S. Federal Reserve has reduced benchmark interest rates in recent months, the timing, direction, and extent of any future adjustment to benchmark interest rates remain uncertain. Any increase in interest 31 rates could adversely affect the return on our assets, which might reduce our earnings and, in turn, cash available for distribution to our stockholders, potentially materially. Our existing and future financing arrangements and any debt securities we may issue could restrict our operations, limit our ability to resume paying dividends and expose us to additional risk. Our existing and future financing arrangements and any debt securities we may issue in the future are or will be governed by a credit agreement, indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock. We will bear the cost of issuing and servicing these credit facilities, arrangements or securities. These restrictive covenants and operating restrictions could have a material adverse effect on us, cause us to lose our REIT status, restrict our ability to finance or securitize new originations and acquisitions, force us to liquidate collateral and negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to resume paying dividends to our stockholders. Additionally, the new secured term loan provides the lenders with the right to appoint two non-voting observers to our Board, each of whom must qualify as independent under the standards of the New York Stock Exchange and be reasonably satisfactory to us. The new secured term loan also provides additional governance rights upon the occurrence and continuance of a material event of default, including the right to have the two board observers be automatically appointed to our Board and to have such Designated Directors participate in a review of, and make a recommendation to the Board regarding whether or not to terminate, our Manager. The credit agreement and our amended and restated bylaws require the new secured term loan administrative agent’s consent to amend, alter or repeal the observer and related governance rights while the new secured term loan remains outstanding. These provisions may increase lender influence over our Board, governance and strategic decisions, create actual or perceived conflicts of interest and result in decisions, such as a termination of our Manager, that could have a material adverse effect on us. We may enter into hedging transactions that could expose us to contingent liabilities in the future, which could materially and adversely affect us. Subject to maintaining our qualification as a REIT, part of our investment strategy may involve entering into hedging transactions that could require us to fund cash payments in certain circumstances (such as the early termination of the hedging instrument caused by an event of default or other early termination event, or the decision by a counterparty to request the posting of margin to which it is contractually entitled under the terms of the hedging instrument). Our ability to fund a margin call will depend on the liquidity of our assets and access to capital at the time, and the need to fund these obligations could cause us to incur losses or otherwise materially and adversely affect us. The extent of our hedging activity will vary in scope based on, among other things, the level and volatility of interest rates, the type of assets held, types of liabilities and other market conditions. Although these transactions are intended to reduce our exposure to various risks, hedging may fail to adequately protect or could adversely affect us because, among other things: • hedging can be expensive, particularly during periods of volatile or rapidly changing interest rates; • available hedges may not correspond directly with the risks for which protection is sought; • the duration of the hedge may not match the duration of the related instrument for which protection is sought; • the amount of income that a REIT may earn from certain hedging transactions (other than through our TRSs) is limited by U.S. federal income tax provisions; • the credit quality of a hedging counterparty may be downgraded to such an extent that it impairs our ability to sell or assign our side of the hedging transaction; and • the hedging counterparty may default on its obligations. Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act governs derivative transactions, including certain hedging instruments we may use in our risk management activities. Rules implemented by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, or the CFTC, pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act require, among other things, that certain derivatives be centrally cleared through a registered derivatives clearing organization, or DCO, and traded on a designated contract market or swap execution facility. These regulations could increase the operational and transactional cost of derivatives contracts in the form of intermediary fees and additional margin requirements imposed by DCOs and the clearing members of the DCOs through which we may clear derivatives, and affect the number and/or creditworthiness of available 32 counterparties. Hedging instruments often are not traded on regulated exchanges or guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house, and involve risks and costs that could result in material losses. The cost of using hedging instruments increases as the period covered by the instrument lengthens. Although we may avoid substantial interest rate exposure by investing in floating rate mortgage loans, to the extent that we have interest rate exposure from fixed rate loans we may increase our hedging activity (and therefore our hedging costs) during periods of volatility. In addition, hedging instruments involve risk since they often are not traded on regulated exchanges or guaranteed by an exchange or its clearing house. In general, derivative transactions entered into directly with counterparties, rather than through an exchange, receive fewer regulatory protections than transactions entered into on an exchange. Furthermore, the enforceability of agreements underlying hedging transactions may depend on compliance with applicable statutory and commodity and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable international requirements. In addition, if the business of a hedging counterparty fails, we may not only lose unrealized profits but also be forced to cover our forward commitments, if any, at the then current market price. Although we generally expect to have the right to terminate our hedging positions, it may not always be possible to dispose of or close out a hedging position without the consent of the hedging counterparty, and we may not be able to enter into an offsetting contract in order to cover our risk. We cannot assure you that a liquid secondary market will exist for hedging instruments purchased or sold, and we may be required to maintain a position until exercise or expiration, which could result in material losses. We may fail to qualify for, or choose not to elect, hedge accounting treatment. We intend to account for derivative and hedging transactions in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 815, Derivatives and Hedging (“ASC 815”). Under these standards, we may fail to qualify for, or choose not to elect, hedge accounting treatment for a number of reasons, including if we use instruments that do not meet the ASC 815 definition of a derivative (such as short sales), if we fail to satisfy the ASC 815 hedge documentation and hedge effectiveness assessment requirements, or if our instruments are not highly effective. If we fail to qualify for, or choose not to elect, hedge accounting treatment, gains and losses on derivatives will be included in our operating results and may not be offset by a change in the fair value of the related hedged transaction or item. Our investments may be subject to fluctuations in interest rates that may not be adequately protected, or protected at all, by our hedging strategies. Though our primary strategy is to originate and acquire shorter term, floating rate loans, our investments may include loans with either floating interest rates or fixed interest rates. Floating rate investments earn interest at rates that adjust from time to time (typically monthly) based upon an index (typically SOFR). The coupons earned by the floating rate loans fluctuate based upon interest rate reference indices (again, typically SOFR) and, in a declining and/or low interest rate environment, these loans will earn lower rates of interest and this will impact our operating performance. Fixed interest rate investments, however, do not have adjusting interest rates and the relative value of the fixed cash flows from these investments will decrease as prevailing interest rates rise or increase as prevailing interest rates fall, causing potentially significant changes in value. We may employ various hedging strategies to limit the effects of changes in interest rates (and in some cases credit spreads), including engaging in interest rate swaps, caps, floors and other interest rate derivative products. We believe that no strategy can completely insulate us from the risks associated with interest rate changes and there is a risk that they may provide no protection at all. Hedging transactions involve certain additional risks such as counterparty risk, leverage risk, the legal enforceability of hedging contracts, the early repayment of hedged transactions and the risk that unanticipated and significant changes in interest rates may cause a significant loss of basis in the contract and a change in current period expense. Furthermore, entering into hedging transactions may require certain levels of liquidity which may impact our ability to meet funding requirements necessary to meet our commitments to our borrowers and financing counterparties. We cannot make assurances that we will be able to enter into hedging transactions or that hedging transactions will adequately protect us against the foregoing risks. Accounting for derivatives under GAAP is extremely complicated. Any failure by us to account for our derivatives properly in accordance with GAAP on our consolidated financial statements could adversely affect our earnings. In particular, cash flow hedges which are not perfectly correlated (and appropriately designated and/or documented as such) with variable rate financing will impact our reported income as gains and losses on the ineffective portion of the hedges. We may use securitizations to finance our investments and make investments in CMBS, CLOs, and other similar structured finance investments, which may expose us to risks that could result in losses. We may, to the extent consistent with our qualification as a REIT, seek to securitize certain of our loan portfolio investments. This would involve creating a special-purpose vehicle, contributing a pool of our assets to the entity, and selling interests in the entity on a non-recourse basis to purchasers (whom we would expect to be willing to accept a lower interest rate to invest in investment-grade loan pools) and may require us to retain a portion of the risk of the assets in accordance with risk retention laws and regulations, which 33 would not allow us to sell or hedge our risk retention interests. We would expect to retain all or a portion of the equity in the securitized pool of portfolio investments. We may use short-term facilities to finance the acquisition of investments until sufficient eligible investments have been accumulated, at which time we would refinance these investments through a securitization, such as a CMBS, or issuance of CLOs, or the private placement of loan participations or other long-term financing. If we were to employ this strategy, we would be subject to the risk that we would not be able to acquire, during the period that our short-term facilities are available, sufficient eligible investments to maximize the efficiency of one of these financing strategies. We also would be subject to the risk that we would not be able to obtain short-term credit facilities or would not be able to renew any short-term credit facilities after they expire should we find it necessary to extend our short-term credit facilities to allow more time to seek and acquire sufficient eligible investments for a long-term financing. The inability to consummate securitizations of our loan portfolio to finance our investments on a long-term basis could require us to seek other forms of potentially less attractive financing or to liquidate assets at an inopportune time or price, which could adversely affect our performance and our ability to grow our business. Additionally, a securitization transaction might magnify our exposure to losses because any equity interest we retain in the issuing entity would be subordinate to the notes issued to investors and we would, therefore, absorb all of the losses sustained with respect to a securitized pool of assets before the owners of the notes experience any losses. A securitization transaction might also expose us to cash flow and liquidity risks if certain tests within the securitization vehicle are triggered, causing a sequential paydown of senior bonds from the principal and interest received from loans within the securitization. Additionally, we may from time to time invest in subordinated classes of securities in a structure of securities secured by a pool of mortgages or loans. Accordingly, the securities are the first or among the first to bear the loss upon a restructuring or liquidation of the underlying collateral and last or among the last to receive payment of interest and principal. Subordinate interests in securitized products generally are not actively traded and are relatively illiquid investments and volatility in trading markets for securitized products may cause the value of these investments to decline. In addition, if the underlying mortgage portfolio has been overvalued by the originator, or if the values subsequently decline and, as a result, less collateral value is available to satisfy interest and principal payments and any other fees in connection with the trust or other conduit arrangement for the securities, we may incur significant losses. With respect to the CMBS, CLOs and other securitized products in which we may invest, control over the related underlying loans will be exercised through a special servicer or collateral manager designated by a “directing certificate holder” or a “controlling class representative,” or otherwise pursuant to the related securitization documents. We may acquire classes of CMBS, CLOs or other securitized products, for which we may not have the right to appoint the directing certificate holder or otherwise direct the special servicing or collateral management. With respect to the management and servicing of those loans, the related special servicer or collateral manager may take actions that could materially and adversely affect our interests. We may be subject to losses arising from future guarantees of debt and contingent obligations of our subsidiaries, joint venture or co-investment partners or our borrowers. We may from time to time guarantee the performance of our subsidiaries’ obligations, including our repurchase agreements, credit facilities, single-asset financings, derivative agreements and unsecured indebtedness. We may also agree to guarantee indebtedness incurred by a joint venture or co-investment partner. A guarantee may be on a joint and several basis with our joint venture or co-investment partner, in which case we may be liable in the event the partner defaults on its guarantee obligation. The non-performance of these obligations may cause losses to us in excess of the capital we initially may have invested or committed under these obligations and there is no assurance that we will have sufficient capital to cover any losses. We are subject to counterparty risk associated with our hedging activities. We are subject to credit risk with respect to the counterparties to derivative contracts (whether a clearing corporation in the case of exchange-traded instruments or another third-party in the case of over-the-counter instruments). If a counterparty becomes insolvent or otherwise fails to perform its obligations under a derivative contract due to financial difficulties, we may experience significant delays in obtaining any recovery under the derivative contract in a dissolution, assignment for the benefit of creditors, liquidation, winding-up, bankruptcy, or other analogous proceeding. In the event of the insolvency of a counterparty to a derivative transaction, the derivative transaction would typically be terminated at its fair value. If we are owed this fair value in the termination of the derivative transaction and its claim is unsecured, we will be treated as a general creditor of the counterparty, and will not have any claim with respect to the underlying security. We may obtain only a limited recovery or may obtain no recovery in these circumstances. In addition, the business failure of a hedging counterparty with whom we enter into a hedging transaction will most likely result in its default, which may result in the loss of unrealized profits and force us to cover our commitments, if any, at the then current market price. Counterparty risk with respect to certain exchange-traded and over-the-counter derivatives may be further complicated by recently enacted U.S. financial reform legislation. 34 If we enter into certain hedging transactions or otherwise invest in certain derivative instruments, failure to obtain and maintain an exemption from being regulated as a commodity pool operator by our Manager could subject us to additional regulation and compliance requirements, which could materially and adversely affect us. The Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and rules promulgated thereunder by the CFTC, or the CFTC Rules, establish a comprehensive regulatory framework for certain derivative instruments, including swaps, futures, options on futures and foreign exchange derivatives, or Regulated CFTC Instruments. Under this regulatory framework, many mortgage REITs that trade in Regulated CFTC Instruments may be considered “commodity pools” and the operators of such mortgage REITs would accordingly be considered “commodity pool operators,” or CPOs. Absent an applicable exemption, a CPO of a mortgage REIT (which otherwise falls within the statutory definition of commodity pool) must register with the CFTC and become subject to CFTC Rules applicable to registered CPOs, including with respect to disclosure, reporting, recordkeeping and business conduct in respect of the mortgage REIT. We may from time to time, directly or indirectly, invest in Regulated CFTC Instruments, which may subject us to oversight by the CFTC. Our Manager expects to qualify for and rely upon relief from the CPO registration requirement in respect of us pursuant to the no-action relief issued in December 2012 by the CFTC staff to operators of qualifying mortgage REITs, and has submitted a claim for relief within the required time period. Our Manager expects to qualify for the no-action relief in respect of us on the basis that we satisfy the criteria specified in the CFTC no-action letter, in that we identify as a “mortgage REIT” for U.S. federal income tax purposes, our trading in Regulated CFTC Instruments does not exceed a certain de minimis threshold identified in the no-action relief and our interests are not marketed to the public as or in a commodity pool or other trading vehicle. There can be no assurance, however, that the CFTC will not modify or withdraw the no-action letter in the future or that we will be able to continue to satisfy the criteria specified in the no-action letter in order to qualify for relief from CPO registration. The CFTC Rules with respect to commodity pools may be revised, which may affect our regulatory status or cause us to modify or terminate the use of Regulated CFTC Instruments in connection with our investment program. If we were required to register as a CPO in the future or change our business model to ensure that we can continue to satisfy the requirements of the no-action relief, it could materially and adversely affect us. Furthermore, we may determine to register as a CPO hereafter, and in such event we will operate in a manner designed to comply with applicable CFTC requirements, which requirements may impose additional obligations and costs on us. The CFTC has substantial enforcement power with respect to violations of the laws over which it has jurisdiction. Among other things, the CFTC may suspend or revoke the registration of a person who fails to comply, prohibit such a person from trading or doing business with registered entities, impose civil monetary penalties, require restitution and seek fines or imprisonment for criminal violations. Additionally, a private right of action exists against those who violate the laws over which the CFTC has jurisdiction or who willfully aid, abet, counsel, induce or procure a violation of those laws. In the event we are unable to qualify for the no-action relief and fail to comply with the CFTC Rules, we may be unable to use Regulated CFTC Instruments or we may be subject to significant fines, penalties and other civil or governmental actions or proceedings, any of which could materially and adversely affect us. Risks Related to Our Company Our investment strategy, our investment guidelines, our target assets and our financing strategy may be changed without stockholder consent. The investment guidelines approved by our Board, and required to be followed by our Manager, are broad. Moreover, these guidelines, as well as our investment strategy, target assets, financing strategy and policies with respect to investments, originations, acquisitions, growth, operations, indebtedness, hedging, capitalization, distributions and other corporate matters may be changed at any time without the consent of our stockholders, subject to applicable law. This could result in changes to the risk profile of our investment portfolio over time. A change in our investment strategy may also increase our exposure to interest rate risk, default risk and real estate market fluctuations. Furthermore, a change in our target assets could result in our making investments in asset categories different from those described in this report. These changes could materially and adversely affect us. Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations or those of our competitors, banks or other of our capital providers, or changes in the interpretation thereof, or newly enacted laws or regulations, could result in increased competition for our target assets or reduced access to capital, require changes to our business practices and collectively could adversely impact our revenues and impose additional costs on us, which could materially and adversely affect us. The laws and regulations governing our operations or those of our competitors, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to time, and new laws and regulations may be enacted. We may be required to adopt or suspend certain business practices as a result of any changes, which could impose additional costs on us, which could materially and adversely affect us. For example, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, some government entities instituted moratoria on business activities, construction, evictions and foreclosures and rent cancellation. These measures and future measures of this kind may adversely affect us or our borrowers. Furthermore, if “regulatory capital” or “capital adequacy” requirements—whether under the Dodd-Frank Act, Basel III, or other 35 regulatory action—are further strengthened or expanded with respect to lenders that provide us with debt financing, or were to be imposed on us directly, they or we may be required to limit or increase the cost of financing they provide to us or that we provide to others. Among other things, this could potentially increase our financing costs, reduce our ability to originate or acquire loans and reduce our liquidity or require us to sell assets at an inopportune time or price. In addition, various laws and regulations currently exist that restrict the investment activities of banks and certain other financial institutions, including banks or other of our capital providers, but do not apply to us, which we believe creates opportunities for us to originate loans and participate in certain other investments that are not available or attractive to these more regulated institutions. However, proposals for legislation that would change how the financial services industry is regulated are continually being introduced in the U.S. Congress and in state legislatures, and such proposals could impact us as well as banks or other of our capital providers. Federal financial regulatory agencies may adopt regulations and amendments intended to effect regulatory reforms including reforms to certain Dodd-Frank-related regulations. Prospective investors should be aware that changes in the regulatory and business landscape as a result of the Dodd-Frank Act and as a result of other current or future legislation and regulation may decrease the restrictions on banks and other financial institutions and allow them to compete with us for investment opportunities that were previously not available or attractive to, or otherwise pursued by, them, which could reduce our access to capital and have a material adverse impact on us. See “—Risks Related to Our Investments—We operate in a competitive market for the origination and acquisition of attractive investment opportunities and competition may limit our ability to originate or acquire attractive risk-adjusted investments in our target assets, which could have a material adverse effect on us.” Over the last several years, there also has been an increase in regulatory attention to the extension of credit outside of the traditional banking sector, raising the possibility that some portion of the non-bank financial sector will become subject to new regulation. While it cannot be known at this time whether any regulation will be implemented or what form it may take, increased regulation of non-bank lending could negatively impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, impose additional costs on us or otherwise materially and adversely affect us. State licensing requirements will cause us to incur expenses and our failure to be properly licensed may have a material adverse effect on us. Some jurisdictions require non-bank companies to hold licenses to conduct lending activities. State licensing statutes vary from state to state and may prescribe or impose: various recordkeeping requirements; restrictions on loan origination and servicing practices, including limits on finance charges and the type, amount and manner of charging fees; disclosure requirements; requirements that licensees submit to periodic examination; surety bond and minimum specified net worth requirements; periodic financial reporting requirements; notification requirements for changes in principal officers, stock ownership or corporate control; restrictions on advertising; and requirements that loan forms be submitted for review. Obtaining and maintaining state licenses will cause us to incur expenses and failure to be properly licensed under state law or otherwise may have a material adverse effect on us. Actions of the U.S. government, including the U.S. Congress, U.S. Federal Reserve, U.S. Treasury and other governmental and regulatory bodies, to stabilize or reform the financial markets, or market response to those actions, may not achieve the intended effect and could materially and adversely affect us. The Dodd-Frank Act imposes significant investment restrictions and capital requirements on banking entities and other organizations that are significant to U.S. financial stability. For instance, the Volcker Rule provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act impose significant restrictions on the proprietary trading activities of “banking entities” (as defined under the Volcker Rule) and on their ability to acquire or retain an “ownership interest” (as defined under the Volcker Rule) in, “sponsor” (as defined under the Volcker Rule) or have certain relationships with “covered funds” (as defined under the Volcker Rule), unless pursuant to an exclusion or exemption under the Volcker Rule. The Dodd-Frank Act also subjects non-bank financial companies that have been designated as “systemically important” by the Financial Stability Oversight Council to increased capital requirements and quantitative limits for engaging in such activities, as well as consolidated supervision by the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System. In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act seeks to reform the asset-backed securitization market (including the mortgage-backed securities, or MBS, market) by requiring the retention of a portion of the credit risk inherent in each pool of securitized assets and by imposing additional registration and disclosure requirements. Rules of federal regulators that implement the Dodd-Frank Act’s risk retention requirements generally require sponsors of asset-backed securities to retain at least 5% of the credit risk relating to the assets that underlie each issuance of such securities. These rules apply to securitization transactions backed by all types of self-liquidating financial assets, including residential and commercial loans and leases. While the full impact of such rules, the Dodd-Frank Act as a whole and other like-minded regulatory actions and potential actions cannot be fully assessed in the immediate term with respect to our business, they may adversely affect the availability or terms of financing from our lender counterparties whether or not they benefit our business in other ways (such as by causing more CRE borrowers to seek financing from non-bank lenders like us, which could lead to improved pricing). 36 Recent and future legislative and regulatory developments, such as amendments to key provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and regulations thereunder, including provisions implementing the Volcker Rule and provisions setting forth capital and risk retention requirements may have an impact on the financial markets and financial services industry. For example, in June 2020, U.S. federal regulatory agencies amended the Volcker Rule’s restrictions on banking entities sponsoring and investing in certain covered hedge funds and private equity funds, including by adopting new exemptions allowing banking entities to sponsor and invest in credit funds, venture capital funds, customer facilitation funds and family wealth management vehicles. The amendments also reduced certain restrictions on extraterritorial fund activities and direct parallel or co-investments made alongside covered funds. The amendments will therefore expand the ability of banking entities to invest in and sponsor private funds. The ultimate consequences on our business remain uncertain and no assurances can be given whether these actions could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Furthermore, such recent and future legislative and regulatory developments imposed on our financing counterparties may make it more difficult for us to maintain and obtain financing arrangements, which could have a material and adverse impact on us. Operational risks, including the risk of cyberattacks, may disrupt our businesses, result in losses and limit our growth. We rely heavily on our Sponsor’s financial, accounting, treasury, communications and other data processing systems, technology infrastructure, as well as various hardware and software platforms. Some of these systems are managed by us or our Sponsor but other critical systems and related services, such as cloud computing, are provided by third-party providers that we and our Sponsor do not control. These systems may fail to operate properly or become disabled or compromised as a result of tampering, a cyberattack, a security breach or otherwise. Our Sponsor may experience, and certain of our third-party providers have experienced, from time to time cyberattacks, such as phishing attacks, which are continuing to increase in sophistication, frequency and impact. A significant attack on us, our Sponsor’s or service providers’ systems could permit unauthorized access to our proprietary information or personal information of our stockholders, lenders or borrowers (and their beneficial owners), destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our or our Sponsor’s systems, including through the introduction of computer viruses and other malicious code (such as ransomware). Attacks by threat actors are launched from a range of vectors, such as social engineering/phishing, company insiders, suppliers or providers, and as a result of human or technological error, including misconfigurations, bugs, or other vulnerabilities in software and hardware and originate from a wide variety of sources, including cyber criminals, state-sponsored hackers, hacktivists and other outside parties. Our information and technology systems as well as those of our Sponsor and other related parties, such as service providers, are vulnerable to damage or interruption from cybersecurity breaches, computer viruses or other malicious code, network failures, computer and telecommunication failures, infiltration by unauthorized persons and other security breaches, usage errors by their respective professionals or service providers, power, communications or other service outages and catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes, floods, hurricanes and earthquakes. As a result of the increased demand for remote working arrangements and our general reliance on internet technology, which create additional opportunities for cyber criminals to exploit vulnerabilities, we and our Sponsor face increased cybersecurity risks. We and others in our industry are targets for threat actors because we hold a significant amount of confidential and sensitive information. As a result, we and our Sponsor face a heightened risk of a security breach or disruption with respect to this information. If successful, these types of attacks on our or our Sponsor’s network or other systems could have a material adverse effect on us, due to, among other things, the loss of investor or proprietary data, interruptions or delays in the operation of our business and damage to our reputation. The costs to mitigate network security problems, bugs, viruses, worms, malicious software programs, and security vulnerabilities could be significant and are likely to increase in the future. These costs include, but are not limited to, retaining the services of cybersecurity providers; compliance costs arising out of existing and future cybersecurity, data protection and privacy laws and regulations; and costs related to maintaining redundant networks, data backups and other damage-mitigation measures. While our Sponsor is generally responsible for such costs in the first instance, we have indemnified the Sponsor for certain losses that it may incur in connection with the operation of our business. Regardless, there can be no assurance that measures we or our Sponsor takes to ensure the integrity of our systems will provide protection, especially because cyberattack techniques used change frequently, or may not be recognized until successful, and are becoming more sophisticated - including by use of artificial intelligence - that circumvent security controls, evade detection and remove forensic evidence. As a result, we or our Sponsor may be unable to detect, investigate, remediate or recover from future attacks or incidents, or to avoid a material adverse impact to our information systems, confidential information or business. If unauthorized parties gain access to this information and technology systems, they may be able to steal, publish, delete or modify private and sensitive information, including non-public personal information related to stockholders or borrowers (and their beneficial owners) and material non-public information. The security measures applied to our systems cannot guarantee protection against all cyber risks and, if compromised, could become inoperable for extended periods of time, cease to function properly or fail to adequately secure private information. We do not control the cybersecurity plans and systems put in place by third-party service providers, and these third-party service providers may have limited indemnification obligations to us or our Sponsor, each of which could be negatively impacted as a result. Breaches such as those involving covertly introduced malware, impersonation of authorized users and industrial or other espionage may not be identified even with sophisticated prevention and detection systems, potentially resulting in further harm and preventing them from being addressed appropriately. The failure of these systems or of disaster recovery plans for any reason could cause significant interruptions in our operations and result in a failure to maintain the security, confidentiality or privacy of sensitive 37 data, including personal information relating to stockholders, material non-public information and the intellectual property and trade secrets and other sensitive information in the possession of us or our Manager. We could be required to make a significant investment to remedy the effects of any failures, harm to our reputations, legal claims that we and our Manager may be subjected to, regulatory action or enforcement arising out of applicable privacy and other laws, adverse publicity and other events that may materially and adversely affect us. In addition, our business highly depends on information systems and technology. The costs related to cyber or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means. Although we maintain insurance policies, we cannot be certain that any or all of the costs and liabilities incurred in relation to any cybersecurity attack or incident will be covered or that applicable insurance will be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms or at all. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to data privacy, cybersecurity and protection of personal information. Some jurisdictions have also enacted laws requiring companies to notify individuals of data security breaches involving certain types of personal data. Breaches in security could potentially jeopardize confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks (including information relating to us, our Manager, its employees, our investors, and business counterparties), or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our or our investors’, our counterparties’ or third parties’ operations, which could result in significant losses, increased costs, disruption of our business, liability to our investors and other counterparties, regulatory intervention or reputational damage. Furthermore, if we or our Manager fail to comply with the relevant laws and regulations, it could result in regulatory investigations and penalties, which could lead to negative publicity and may cause our investors to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our or our Manager’s security measures. Indeed, any adverse impact to the availability, integrity or confidentiality of our information systems or confidential information can result in legal claims or proceedings (such as class actions), regulatory investigations and enforcement actions, fines and penalties, negative reputational impacts that cause us to lose existing or future customers, and/or significant incident response, system restoration or remediation and future compliance costs. Any or all of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. A disaster or a disruption in the infrastructure that supports our business, including a disruption involving electronic communications or other services used by us or third parties with whom we conduct business, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our and our Sponsor’s disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that may result from such a disaster or disruption. In addition, insurance and other safeguards might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. Accounting rules for certain of our transactions are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. Changes in accounting interpretations or assumptions could impact our ability to timely prepare consolidated financial statements, which could materially and adversely affect us. Accounting rules for transfers of financial assets, securitization transactions, estimates of credit loss reserves and other potential aspects of our operations are highly complex and involve significant judgment and assumptions. These complexities could lead to a delay in preparation of financial information and the delivery of this information to our stockholders. Changes in accounting interpretations or assumptions could impact our consolidated financial statements and our ability to timely prepare consolidated financial statements that accurately reflect our financial condition, cash flows and results of operations in accordance with prevailing accounting standards. Our inability to timely prepare our consolidated financial statements in the future could materially and adversely affect us. Risks Related to Our Relationship with Our Manager and its Affiliates Our future success depends on our Manager and its access to the key personnel and investment professionals of our Sponsor and its affiliates. We are externally managed and advised by our Manager, an investment adviser registered with the SEC pursuant to the Advisers Act. We have no direct employees or facilities. We rely completely on our Manager and its affiliates to provide us with investment advisory services, which, in the case of our Manager’s affiliates, are provided to our Manager pursuant to a services agreement with MRECS. Our Manager is an affiliate of MRECS and all of our officers are employees or principals of MRECS or its affiliates. Our Manager has significant discretion as to the implementation of our investment and operating policies and strategies. Accordingly, we believe that our success depends to a significant extent upon the efforts, experience, diligence, skill and network of business contacts of the officers, key personnel and investment professionals of our Sponsor and its affiliates, including our Manager. Our Manager, through the officers, key personnel and investment professionals of our Sponsor and its other affiliates, will evaluate, negotiate, close and monitor our investments and advise us regarding maintenance of our REIT status and exclusion from registration under the 1940 Act; therefore, our success depends on their continued service. The departure of any of the officers, key personnel or 38 investment professionals of our Sponsor or its affiliates could have a material adverse effect on us and our operations and/or subject us to compensation-related claims in connection with our 2016 Incentive Award Plan (the “2016 Plan”). We offer no assurance that our Manager will remain our investment manager or that we will continue to have access to the officers, key personnel and investment professionals of our Sponsor and its affiliates. The term of the Management Agreement with our Manager provides for automatic one-year renewals of the agreement following its original expiration date, unless it is otherwise terminated by our Board. In addition, in order to preserve capital, we have deferred and may continue to defer payment of the management fees payable to our Manager pursuant to the Management Agreement. If our Manager does not agree to such deferral after providing proper notice and a cure period, our Manager could choose to terminate the Management Agreement. If the Management Agreement is terminated and no suitable replacement is found to manage us, we may not be able to execute our investment strategy, which would materially and adversely affect us. The personnel providing services to our Manager are not required to dedicate a specific portion of their time to the management of our business. Neither our Sponsor nor any of its other affiliates is obligated to dedicate any specific personnel exclusively to our Manager, and in turn to us, nor will it or its personnel be obligated to dedicate any specific portion of their time to the management of our business other than the portion of our Manager’s time as is necessary and appropriate for our Manager to perform its services under the Management Agreement. As a result, we cannot provide any assurances regarding the amount of time our Manager or its affiliates will dedicate to the management of our business and our Manager and its affiliates may have conflicts in allocating its time, resources and services among our business and any other investment vehicles and accounts our Manager or its affiliates or their respective personnel may manage. Each of our officers is also an employee or principal of MRECS or its affiliates, who has now or may be expected to have significant responsibilities for other investment vehicles, whether focused on credit or equity investments, currently or in the future managed by our executive officers, our Manager or its affiliates. Consequently, we may not receive the level of support and assistance that we otherwise might receive if we were internally managed. Our Manager and its affiliates are not restricted from entering into other investment advisory relationships or from engaging in other business activities from time to time. Our Manager manages our loan portfolio pursuant to very broad investment guidelines and is not required to seek the approval of our Board for investment decisions where certain criteria are met, which may result in riskier decisions that could cause investment returns to be substantially below expectations including the potential for material losses. Our Manager is authorized to follow very broad investment guidelines that provide it with broad discretion over investment, financing, asset allocation and hedging decisions. Our Board will periodically review our investment guidelines and our loan and investment portfolio but will not, and will not be required to, review and approve in advance all of our proposed loans and investments or our Manager’s financing, asset allocation or hedging decisions. In addition, in conducting periodic reviews, our directors may rely primarily on information provided to them by our Manager or its affiliates. Subject to maintaining our REIT qualification and our exclusion from regulation under the 1940 Act, our Manager has significant latitude within the broad investment guidelines in determining the types of loans and investments it makes for us, and how such loans and investments are financing or hedged, which could result in investment returns that are substantially below expectations or that result in losses, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We may compete with other investment vehicles managed by our Sponsor or its affiliates, including our Manager, or have other conflicts of interest with our Sponsor or its affiliates, including our Manager, which may result in decisions that are not in the best interests of our stockholders. From time to time, we may compete with other investment vehicles managed by our Sponsor or its affiliates, including our Manager, or our interests may conflict with those of our Sponsor or its affiliates including our Manager. Representatives of our Sponsor also serve on our Board. Certain of our pre-IPO stockholders have representatives on our Board. In addition, certain of our pre-IPO stockholders have an ownership position in our Manager. There can be no assurance that we will be able to adopt policies and procedures that adequately identify and address all of the conflicts of interest that may arise. Some examples of potential conflicts include: • Broad and Wide-Ranging Activities . Our Sponsor and its affiliates, including our Manager, engage in a broad spectrum of activities in the real estate industry. One or more of our Sponsor’s affiliates may have an investment strategy similar to ours, and therefore may engage in competing activities with us or otherwise may have business interests that conflict with ours. • Allocation of Investment Opportunities . Certain inherent conflicts of interest arise from the fact that our Sponsor, and its affiliates, including our Manager, will provide investment management and other services both to us and other investment vehicles or accounts they manage. Our Sponsor and its affiliates, including our Manager, are not restricted from entering into other investment advisory relationships or from engaging in other business activities from time to time. Our Sponsor and its affiliates, including our Manager, 39 are not legally prohibited from forming or managing investment vehicles or accounts that would have an investment strategy that is substantially similar to our core investment strategy and, regardless, the existing and future investment vehicles or accounts managed by our Sponsor or its affiliates may from time to time invest in assets that overlap with our target assets. If any such situation arises, investment opportunities may be allocated between us and the other investment vehicles or accounts in a manner that may result in fewer investment opportunities being allocated to us than would have otherwise been the case. Our Sponsor and its affiliates may also give advice to other sponsored vehicles or accounts that differs from advice given to us by our Manager even if the underlying investment objectives are similar. While our Sponsor and its affiliates will seek to manage potential conflicts of interest in a fair and equitable manner, the strategies employed by our Sponsor and its affiliates in managing other sponsored vehicles or accounts could conflict with the strategies employed by our Manager in managing our business. The business decisions of our Sponsor and its other affiliates with respect to other investment vehicles or accounts may adversely affect the marketability, exit strategy, prices and availability of the assets in which we invest. Conversely, participation in specific investment opportunities may be appropriate, at times, for both us and other investment vehicles or accounts sponsored by our Sponsor or its affiliates, which may result in us not participating in certain investment opportunities in which we would have otherwise participated. Additionally, we are not precluded from entering into other third-party joint ventures or additional co-investment arrangements that have the effect of diluting our stockholders’ beneficial interest in certain of our investments. Consequently, a stockholder’s indirect economic interest in each investment, expressed as a percentage of the overall economic interests in the investments, may vary substantially. Economically, certain investors may have more or less opportunity to profit or exposure to losses with respect to each investment. • Variation in Financial and Other Benefits . A conflict of interest could arise where the financial or other benefits available to our Manager or its affiliates (including our pre-IPO stockholders who hold an ownership position in our Manager) differ among the accounts, clients, entities, funds and/or investment companies, including us, which we refer to collectively as Clients, that they manage. If the amount or structure of the base management fee, incentive fee and/or other fees payable to our Sponsor or its affiliates differs among Clients, or if our Sponsor establishes management entities other than our Manager that do not include similar third-party ownership or participation interests, our Sponsor or its affiliates might be motivated to prioritize more lucrative Clients over others, including us. Similarly, the desire to maintain assets under management or to enhance our Sponsor’s performance record or to derive other rewards, financial or otherwise, could cause our Sponsor or its affiliates to afford preferential treatment to those Clients that could most significantly benefit our Sponsor, which may not include us. Our Sponsor or its affiliates may, for example, have an incentive to allocate favorable or limited opportunity investments or structure the timing of investments to favor those Clients. Additionally, our Sponsor or its affiliates or their respective personnel might be motivated to favor Clients in which it or they have the most significant direct or indirect ownership interest, which might consist of Clients other than us. • Service Providers . Our service providers (including lenders, brokers, attorneys, and investment banking firms) may be sources of investment opportunities, counterparties therein or advisors with respect to those investment opportunities. This may influence our Manager in deciding whether to select a particular service provider. In addition, some service providers may be unavailable to us as a result of conflicts relating to other businesses of our Sponsor or its affiliates, including our Manager, and their respective transactions. • Material, Non-Public Information . We, directly or through our Manager and its affiliates, may come into possession of material non-public information with respect to an issuer or borrower in which we have invested or may invest. Should this occur, our Manager may be restricted from buying or selling securities, derivatives or loans of the issuer or borrower on our behalf until such time as the information becomes public or is no longer deemed material. Disclosure of information to the personnel responsible for management of our business may be on a need-to-know basis only, and we may not be free to act upon any of that information. Therefore, we and/or our Manager may not have access to material non-public information in the possession of our Sponsor or its other affiliates which might be relevant to an investment decision to be made by our Manager on our behalf, and our Manager may initiate a transaction or purchase or sell an investment which, if the information had been known to it, may not have been undertaken. Due to these restrictions, our Manager may not be able to initiate a transaction on our behalf that it otherwise might have initiated and may not be able to purchase or sell an investment that it otherwise might have purchased or sold, which could negatively affect us. • Possible Future Activities . Our Sponsor and its affiliates, including our Manager, may expand the range of services that they provide over time. Except as and to the extent expressly provided in the Management Agreement and as they may expressly agree in writing, our Sponsor and its affiliates will not be restricted in the scope of their business or in the performance of any services (whether now offered or undertaken in the future) even if these activities could give rise to conflicts of interest, and whether or not the conflicts are specifically described herein. • Transactions with Other Vehicles or Accounts Managed by our Sponsor or its Affiliates . Though not currently expected, from time to time, we may enter into transactions with other vehicles or accounts managed by our Sponsor or its affiliates. These transactions will be conducted in accordance with the Management Agreement (including the requirement that the transactions be approved by us) and applicable laws and regulations. 40 The structure of our Manager’s fees may not create effective incentives and may cause our Manager to make riskier investments. We will pay our Manager base management fees irrespective of the performance of our investments. That may reduce our Manager’s incentive to devote sufficient effort to seeking attractive investment opportunities as compared to an arrangement in which all fees are performance-based. In addition, because the base management fees are based upon equity, our Manager may be incentivized to increase our equity even if doing so would dilute potential returns for our existing stockholders. On the other hand, our Manager is also entitled to receive incentive fees based on our quarterly performance. These incentive fees may lead our Manager to place undue emphasis on the maximization of short-term net income at the expense of effective risk management in order to achieve higher incentive fees (for example, by causing our Manager to underwrite investments that are generally riskier and more speculative and/or by being unduly aggressive in deploying capital such that we fail to maintain adequate liquidity). This could result in increased risk to our loan portfolio. Accordingly, the structure of our Manager’s fees may fail to promote effective alignment of interests between our Manager and us at any given time, which could materially and adversely affect us. Termination of the Management Agreement may be costly in certain circumstances. Termination of the Management Agreement may be costly in certain circumstances. If we default in the performance or observance of any material term, condition or covenant contained in the Management Agreement and our Manager terminates the Management Agreement, the Management Agreement provides that we will pay our Manager a termination fee equal to three times the sum of the average annual base management fee and the average annual incentive fee earned during the 24-month period immediately preceding the date of termination, calculated as of the end of the most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the date of termination. Amendments to the Management Agreement that will be in effect for so long as our new secured term loan is outstanding could have an adverse effect on us. In connection with our new secured term loan, our Management Agreement was amended to permit the Board to terminate the Manager upon 30 days’ notice without cause and without payment of the termination fee if there is a material event of default under the new secured term loan. Such a termination would result in the loss of access to the Manager’s personnel and resources, which could significantly disrupt our operations and have a material adverse effect on us. Certain of our existing lenders require, and future lenders may require, us to agree that we would be in default if our Manager or one or more of its executive officers cease to serve in such capacity for any reason. See “—Risk Related to Sources of Financing and Hedging—Our secured term loan, debt related to real estate owned hotel portfolio, current financing facilities, derivative instruments, and secured loans contain, and additional lending facilities may contain, financial and other covenants that restrict our operational flexibility, which could materially and adversely affect us.” The amended Management Agreement also provides that following a material event of default under the new secured term loan that has not been cured, payments to the Manager are limited to the amounts necessary to pay the Manager’s operating costs and amounts in excess may be applied to repay the secured term loan if certain conditions are met. In addition, under certain circumstances if the Manager is not terminated following a material event of default that occurs and is continuing, the Manager and the Company have agreed to cause the Company, in consultation with the administrative agent, to sell and dispose of the Company’s CRE loans and CRE properties in a commercially reasonable manner with timing and methodology reasonably acceptable to our Board. These provisions could result in forced asset sales at times at prices below our carrying value that result in losses and may cause operational disruption or disputes that could adversely affect us, our results of operations and financial condition. Our Manager’s liability is limited under the Management Agreement and we have agreed to indemnify our Manager against certain liabilities. Pursuant to the Management Agreement, our Manager will not assume any responsibility other than to render the services called for thereunder and will not be responsible for any action of our Board in following or declining to follow its advice or recommendations. Under the terms of the Management Agreement, our Manager, its officers, stockholders, members, managers, directors, employees, consultants and personnel and any person controlling or controlled by our Manager and any of those person’s officers, stockholders, members, managers, directors, employees, consultants and personnel and any person providing sub-advisory services to our Manager will not be liable to us, any subsidiary of ours, our Board, our stockholders or any subsidiary’s stockholders, members or partners for acts or omissions (including market movements or trade errors that may result from ordinary negligence, such as errors in the investment decision-making process or in the trade process) performed in accordance with and pursuant to the Management Agreement, except because of acts or omissions constituting fraud or gross negligence in the performance of our Manager’s duties under the Management Agreement or our Manager’s material breach of the Management Agreement, as determined by a judgment at first instance of a court of competent jurisdiction. We have agreed to indemnify our Manager, its officers, stockholders, members, managers, directors, employees, consultants, personnel, any person controlling or controlled by our Manager and any of those person’s officers, stockholders, members, managers, directors, employees, consultants and personnel and any person providing sub-advisory services to our Manager with respect to all expenses, losses, damages, liabilities, demands, charges and claims arising from acts or omissions of our Manager or such person 41 made in good faith in the performance of our Manager’s duties under the Management Agreement and not constituting fraud or gross negligence in the performance of our Manager’s duties under the Management Agreement. As a result, we could experience poor performance or losses for which our Manager would not be liable. Risks Related to Our Common Stock We have not established a minimum dividend payment level, and we may be unable to generate sufficient cash flows from our operations to resume paying dividends to our stockholders at any time in the future at a particular level, or at all, which could materially and adversely affect us. We are generally required to annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, for us to qualify as a REIT, which requirement we currently intend to satisfy through quarterly distributions of all or substantially all of our REIT taxable income in such year, subject to certain adjustments. Our ability to resume paying dividends may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including due to the

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of our mixed-use property to unaffiliated purchasers in a series of transactions resulting in an aggregate loss on partial sales, net of $1.0 million. We did not sell any of our real estate owned assets during the year ended December 31, 2024. Loss from Equity Method Investment During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we recognized de minimis losses from our equity method investment as a result of the net losses recognized by our investee during each respective period. Loss on Extinguishment of Debt During the year ended December 31, 2025, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $1.4 million due to the recognition of unamortized deferred financing costs resulting from the repayment of financing balances prior to maturity. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recognized a loss on extinguishment of debt of $4.1 million, inclusive of a $1.6 million spread maintenance payment and $2.7 million of unamortized deferred financing costs, resulting from the repayment of financing balances prior to maturity and following a refinancing or a sale of the associated loan, partially offset by the $0.2 million reversal of previously recognized financing costs that were ultimately not owed upon the payoff of a loan participation. Valuation Adjustment for Real Estate Owned Held-for-Sale As of December 31, 2024, we determined that our hotel portfolio real estate owned asset met the held-for-sale criteria and concurrently recognized a $80.5 million loss based upon anticipated sales price, less estimated costs to sell. In September 2025, we determined that a sale of the hotel portfolio was no longer advisable and thus determined that the hotel portfolio no longer met the held-for-sale criteria, and reclassified it to held-for-investment on our consolidated balance sheet, resulting in a $13.0 million reversal of a previously recognized valuation adjustment for real estate owned held-for-sale, related to previously estimated sale costs. 73 Provision for Current Expected Credit Loss Reserve During the year ended December 31, 2025, we recorded a provision for current expected credit losses of $466.5 million, which consisted of a $484.2 million increase in our specific CECL reserves prior to principal and exit fee charge-offs, a $32.3 million increase in CECL reserves on accrued interest receivable prior to charge-offs, offset in part by a $50.0 million decrease in our general CECL reserves. The increase in our specific CECL reserves was primarily attributable to specific reserves determined on loans now classified as risk rated 5, changes to collateral values, and protective advances made, offset in part by principal charge-offs recognized. The increase in our CECL reserves on accrued interest receivable is attributable to reserving against outstanding interest due to us upon loans being placed on non-accrual status during the year ended December 31, 2025, offset in part by a reduction in reserves upon the receipt or satisfaction of past due interest and charge-offs recognized. The decrease in our general CECL reserves was primarily attributable to the reduction in the size of our loan portfolio subject to determination of the general CECL reserve and the resolution of a contingent discounted loan payoff, offset in part by changes in risk ratings, non-accrual status, and expected remaining duration within our loan portfolio. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recorded a provision for current expected credit losses of $212.6 million, which consisted of a $47.6 million increase in our general CECL reserves, a $124.0 million increase in our specific CECL reserves prior to principal charge-offs, and a $41.0 million increase in CECL reserves on accrued interest receivable prior to charge-offs. The increase in our general CECL reserves was primarily attributable to changes in the historical loss rate of the analogous data set, consideration of a contingent discounted loan payoff, and changes in risk ratings, non-accrual status, and expected remaining duration within our loan portfolio, offset in part by the reduction in the size of our loan portfolio subject to determination of the general CECL reserve. The increase in our specific CECL reserves was primarily attributable to specific reserves determined on loans now classified as risk rated 5, changes in collateral values, protective advances made, the reclassification of a loan receivable to held-for-sale, offset in part by principal charge-offs recognized. The increase in our CECL reserves on accrued interest receivable is attributable to reserving against outstanding interest due to us upon loans being placed on non-accrual status during the year ended December 31, 2024, offset in part by charge-offs recognized. Valuation Adjustment for Loan Receivable Held-for-Sale During the year ended December 31, 2025, we recognized a valuation adjustment of $41.8 million for a loan receivable held-for-sale as a result of additional protective advances made and a decrease in proceeds ultimately received from the sale of the loan collateralized by a for sale condo project. During the year ended December 31, 2024, we recognized a valuation adjustment of $7.2 million for a loan receivable held-for sale as a result of additional protective advances made and a reduction in anticipated proceeds from the sale of such loan. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations - Results of Operations - Year Ended December 31, 2024 and 2023” in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 19, 2025, which is accessible on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov , for a discussion of the year ended December 31, 2024 compared to the year ended December 31, 2023. Liquidity and Capital Resources Capitalization We have capitalized our business to date primarily through the issuance of shares of our common stock and borrowings under our secured financings and secured term loan. As of December 31, 2025, we had 140,218,764 shares of our common stock outstanding, representing $1.5 billion of equity, and also had $3.2 billion of outstanding borrowings under our secured financings, our prior secured term loan, and our debt related to real estate owned hotel portfolio. As of December 31, 2025, our secured financings consisted of four repurchase agreements with capacity of $3.8 billion and a combined outstanding balance of $1.9 billion, a term participation facility with a capacity of $349.8 million and an outstanding balance of $329.5 million, and two asset-specific financings with capacity of $195.8 million and an outstanding balance of $178.0 million. As of December 31, 2025, our debt related to real estate owned hotel portfolio had an outstanding balance of $235.0 million and our prior secured term loan had an outstanding balance of $556.2 million. In January 2026, we refinanced our secured term loan with a new secured term loan which provides for an aggregate principal amount of 74 $500.0 million and a maturity date of January 30, 2030. See Note 6 - Debt Obligations - Secured Term Loan to our consolidated financial statements for further detail. Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio and Total Leverage Ratio Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio and Total Leverage Ratio are non-GAAP measures that we use to evaluate our financial leverage, which in the case of our Total Leverage Ratio, makes certain adjustments that we believe provide a more conservative measure of our financial condition. Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio is calculated as the ratio of asset-specific debt (repurchase agreements, term participation facility, notes payable, net, and debt related to real estate owned hotel portfolio, net) and secured term loan, less cash and cash equivalents to total equity. Total Leverage Ratio is similar to Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio; however, it includes non-consolidated senior interests sold and non-consolidated senior interests held by third parties. Non-consolidated senior interests sold and non-consolidated senior interests held by third parties, as applicable, are secured by the same collateral as our loan and are structurally senior in repayment priority relative to our loan. We believe the inclusion of non-consolidated senior interests sold and non-consolidated senior interests held by third parties provides a meaningful measure of our financial leverage. The following table presents our Net Debt-to-Equity Ratios and Total Leverage Ratios as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 ($ in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Asset-specific debt $ 2,595,580 $ 4,179,372 Secured term loan, net 549,447 709,777 Total debt 3,145,027 4,889,149 Less: cash and cash equivalents (173,186 ) (99,075 ) Net Debt 2,971,841 4,790,074 Total Equity $ 1,531,895 $ 2,008,086 Net Debt-to-Equity Ratio 1.9x 2.4x Non-consolidated senior loans $ 830,000 $ 830,000 Total Leverage $ 3,801,841 $ 5,620,074 Total Leverage Ratio 2.5x 2.8x Sources of Liquidity Our primary sources of liquidity include cash and cash equivalents, interest income from our loans, proceeds from loan repayments, available borrowings under our repurchase agreements based on existing collateral, available borrowing capacity related to our asset-specific financings based on existing collateral, proceeds from the issuance of incremental secured term loan or other corporate debt issuances, and proceeds from the issuance of our common stock. As circumstances warrant and to the extent permissible, we and our subsidiaries may also issue common equity, preferred equity, warrants, and/or debt, incur other debt, including term loans, or explore sales of certain of our loans receivable or real estate owned assets from time to time, dependent upon market conditions and available pricing. Although we generally intend to hold our loans to maturity, sales of loans receivable, which may result in realized losses, discounted loan payoffs, and/or sales of real estate owned assets may occur in order to redeploy capital to more accretive opportunities, meet operating objectives, adapt to market conditions, and/or manage liquidity needs. Furthermore, we cannot predict the timing or impact of future asset sales or loan repayments, and, since many of our loans are financed, a portion, or in some cases all, of the net proceeds from the sales or repayments of our loans are expected to be used to de-lever our secured financings. The following table sets forth, as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, our sources of available liquidity ($ in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Cash and cash equivalents $ 173,186 $ 99,075 Approved and undrawn credit capacity (1) 11,446 2,599 Total sources of liquidity $ 184,632 $ 101,674 (1) Amounts based on existing collateral. 75 Under the terms of our loan agreements with certain of our borrowers, we require and have oversight of borrower funds held in reserve accounts with third-party loan servicers for our benefit which provide additional collateral support for our loans. Upon the occurrence of certain events or the borrower meeting prescribed conditions in accordance with the terms of the loan agreement, these funds may be transferred by the third-party loan servicers to the borrower or to other third parties, subject to our approval, to satisfy certain obligations. In instances where the borrower is in monetary default under the terms of the loan agreement, we have the ability to direct the third-party loan servicers to release such reserve funds to us to satisfy past due amounts. To date, funds held in such reserve accounts are not and have not been reflected on our consolidated balance sheets. The following table presents a summary of our unencumbered loans receivable held-for-investment as of December 31, 2025 ($ in thousands): Loan Type Loan Commitment Unpaid Principal Balance (1) Carrying Value Property Type Construction Location Risk Rating Subordinate $ 125,000 $ 125,000 $ 124,939 Office - IL 3 Senior 115,250 78,500 78,500 Hospitality Y NY 4 Senior 95,000 93,214 92,827 Office - CA 4 Senior 81,210 67,892 39,200 Office - GA 5 Senior 1,607 1,607 1,607 Other - Other 5 Total $ 418,067 $ 366,213 $ 337,073 (1) Reflects amounts net of specific CECL reserves of $28.3 million. As of December 31, 2025, our mixed-use real estate owned asset with a carrying value of $80.8 million (including related net lease intangible assets) and our land parcel real estate owned asset with a carrying value of $94.3 million were unencumbered. Our ability to finance or sell certain of these unencumbered assets is subject to one or more counterparties’ willingness to finance or purchase such loans or real estate owned assets. To facilitate future offerings of equity, debt and other securities, we have in place an effective shelf registration statement (the “Shelf”) with the SEC. The securities covered by this Shelf include up to $250,000,000 in the aggregate of: (i) common stock, (ii) preferred stock, (iii) debt securities, (iv) depositary shares, (v) warrants, (vi) purchase contracts, and (vii) units, and up to 16,058,983 shares of common stock offered by the selling securityholders. The specifics of any future offerings, along with the use of proceeds of any securities offered, will be described in detail in a prospectus supplement, or other offering material, at the time of any offering. On May 10, 2024, we entered into an equity distribution agreement with certain sales agents, pursuant to which we may sell, from time to time, up to an aggregate sales price of $150.0 million of our common stock pursuant to a continuous offering program (the “ATM Agreement”) under our in place effective shelf registration. Sales of our common stock made pursuant to the ATM Agreement may be made in negotiated transactions or transactions that are deemed to be “at the market” offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The timing and amount of actual sales will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, the trading price of our common stock, our capital needs, and our determination of the appropriate sources of funding to meet such needs. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we did not issue any shares of our common stock pursuant to the ATM Agreement. As of December 31, 2025, the ATM Agreement has not been utilized, and $150.0 million of our common stock remained available for issuance pursuant to the ATM Agreement. Liquidity Needs Our primary liquidity needs generally include loan origination and acquisitions, future fundings to our borrowers on our unfunded loan commitments, interest payment and principal repayment obligations on outstanding borrowings under our financings, operating expenses, management fees, and dividend payments to our stockholders necessary to satisfy REIT dividend requirements. We currently maintain, and seek to maintain, cash and liquidity to i) comply with minimum liquidity covenants under certain of our financing agreements and ii) meet our above mentioned primary liquidity needs. Further, we seek to meet such liquidity needs through our sources of liquidity discussed above. In January 2026, we refinanced our secured term loan with a new secured term loan which provides for an aggregate principal amount of $500.0 million and a maturity date of January 30, 2030. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we made deleveraging payments to certain of our financing counterparties in the amounts of $579.7 million and $286.1 million, respectively. In January 2026, we further deleveraged certain of our financing counterparties in the amount of $89.7 million, including deleveraging upon the refinancing of our secured term loan, and expect to 76 continue to do so as agreed with our lenders. Our ability to make any future deleveraging payments or required principal repayments will depend upon the results of our operating activities, our total sources of liquidity, the timing, amount, and pace of resolutions of our loans and real estate owned assets, our financial condition, and the overall market conditions in which we operate, among other factors. As of December 31, 2025, we had aggregate unfunded loan commitments of $271.9 million which is comprised of funding for capital expenditures and construction, leasing costs, and carry costs. The timing of these fundings will vary depending on the progress of capital projects, leasing, and cash flows at the properties securing our loans and equity contributions from our borrowers, if required. Therefore, the exact timing and amounts of such future loan fundings are uncertain and will depend on the current and future performance of the collateral property, but are expected to occur over the remaining loan term. In certain circumstances, conditions to funding may not be met by our borrowers and portions of our unfunded loan commitments may never become eligible to be drawn on. We may from time to time use capital to retire, redeem, or repurchase our equity or debt securities, term loans or other debt instruments through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. The execution of such retirements, redemptions or repurchases, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and/or other factors deemed relevant. Contractual Obligations and Commitments Our contractual obligations and commitments as of December 31, 2025 were as follows ($ in thousands): Payment Timing Total Obligations Less than 1 year 1 to 3 years 3 to 5 years More than 5 years Unfunded loan commitments (1) $ 271,878 $ 77,461 $ 37,500 $ 156,917 $ - Unfunded loan commitments for non-accrual, maturity default, risk rated 5 and/or delinquent loans (224,417 ) (30,000 ) (37,500 ) (156,917 ) - Secured financings, term loan agreement, and debt related to real estate owned - principal (2) (3) (4) 3,156,253 1,871,560 854,406 430,287 - Secured financings, term loan agreement, and debt related to real estate owned - interest (2) (3) 348,587 193,012 113,455 42,120 - Total $ 3,552,301 $ 2,112,033 $ 967,861 $ 472,407 $ - (1) The estimated allocation of our unfunded loan commitments for loans receivable held-for-investment is based on the earlier of our expected funding date and the commitment expiration date. As of December 31, 2025, we have $139.8 million of in-place financings to fund our remaining commitments, excluding $11.4 million of approved and undrawn credit capacity based on existing collateral. (2) The allocation of our secured financings and prior secured term loan is based on the earlier of the fully extended maturity date (assuming conditions to extend are met) of each individual corresponding loan receivable or the maximum maturity date under the respective financing agreement, and assumes nine loans with an aggregate unpaid principal balance of $1.4 billion that are in maturity default that represent collateral for aggregate borrowings outstanding of $779.7 million have a contractual obligation to pay in less than one year. (3) Amounts include the related future interest payment obligations, which are estimated by assuming the amounts outstanding under our secured financing agreements and SOFR in effect as of December 31, 2025 will remain constant into the future. Actual amounts borrowed and rates will vary over time. Our floating rate loans and related liabilities are indexed to SOFR. Totals exclude non-consolidated senior interests. (4) In January 2026, we refinanced our secured term loan due in less than 1 year with a new secured term loan which provides for a maturity date of January 30, 2030. See Note 6 - Debt Obligations - Secured Term loan to our consolidated financial statements for further detail. In certain circumstances, conditions to funding may not be met by our borrowers and portions of our unfunded loan commitments may not become eligible to be or expected to be drawn on. Of the $271.9 million of unfunded loan commitments for our loans receivable held-for-investment as of December 31, 2025, the following table details the portion of unfunded loan commitments and in-place financings to fund our remaining commitments for loans receivable held-for-investment whereby conditions to funding are not currently being met, including loans on non-accrual status, in maturity default, risk rated 5, and/or which are delinquent in accordance with our revenue recognition policy ($ in thousands): Unfunded Loan Commitments In-place Financing Commitments Net Loan Commitment Gross total commitment $ 271,878 $ 139,756 $ 132,122 Non-accrual, maturity default, risk rated 5 and/or delinquent loans (224,417 ) (104,706 ) (119,711 ) Net loan commitment $ 47,461 $ 35,050 $ 12,411 77 Subject to borrowers meeting future funding conditions provided for in our loan agreements, we expect to fund our $12.4 million of net loan commitments over the remaining maximum term of the related loans. We incur to our Manager, payable in cash, a base management fee and incentive fee (to the extent earned), which are generally paid quarterly, in arrears. The tables above do not include the amounts payable to our Manager under the Management Agreement which are reflected as management fee payable - affiliate on our consolidated balance sheet. Loan Maturities The following table summarizes the future scheduled repayments of principal for loans receivable held-for-investment as of December 31, 2025 ($ in thousands): Initial Maturity Fully Extended Maturity Year Unpaid Principal Balance (1) Loan Commitment (1) Unpaid Principal Balance (1) Loan Commitment (1) 2026 $ 2,147,411 $ 2,355,797 $ 1,161,866 $ 1,331,530 2027 895,389 943,854 1,624,589 1,711,776 2028 50,000 50,000 306,345 306,345 2029 224,938 224,938 224,938 224,938 2030 - - - - Thereafter - - - - Total $ 3,317,738 $ 3,574,589 $ 3,317,738 $ 3,574,589 (1) Excludes $739.6 million in unpaid principal balance and $754.6 million in loan commitments of loans receivable held-for-investment that are in maturity default with no available extension options. Cash Flows The following table provides a breakdown of the net change in our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 ($ in thousands): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Net cash flows (used in) provided by operating activities $ (30,460 ) $ 84,517 Net cash flows provided by investing activities 1,867,721 779,911 Net cash flows used in financing activities (1,779,976 ) (945,817 ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash $ 57,285 $ (81,389 ) We experienced a net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash of $57.3 million during the year ended December 31, 2025, compared to a net decrease of $81.4 million during the year ended December 31, 2024. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we received $1.6 billion from loan repayments, received $332.1 million of loan sale proceeds, received $60.5 million from partial sales of our mixed-use real estate owned asset, and received $904.0 million of proceeds from borrowings under our financing arrangements, net of payments for deferred financing costs and exit fees. Additionally, we made $133.1 million of advances on loans and made repayments on financings arrangements of $2.7 billion (inclusive of $579.7 million of deleveraging repayments). Income Taxes We have elected and believe we have qualified to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, commencing with our initial taxable year ended December 31, 2015. We generally must distribute annually at least 90% of our REIT taxable income, determined without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gain, to maintain our REIT status. To the extent that we satisfy this distribution requirement but distribute less than 100% of our REIT taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our undistributed REIT taxable income. In addition, we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible excise tax if the actual amount that we pay (or are treated as paying) out to our stockholders in a calendar year is less than a minimum amount specified under U.S. federal tax laws. Our real estate owned hotel portfolio is held in a TRS. Our TRS is not consolidated for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is taxed separately as a corporation. For financial reporting purposes, a provision or benefit for current and deferred taxes is established for the portion of earnings or expense recognized by us with respect to our TRS. 78 Our qualification as a REIT also depends on our ability to meet various other requirements imposed by the Internal Revenue Code, which relate to organizational structure, diversity of stock ownership and certain restrictions with regard to the nature of our assets and the sources of our income. Even if we qualify as a REIT, we may be subject to certain U.S. federal income and excise taxes and state and local taxes on our income and assets. If we fail to maintain our qualification as a REIT for any taxable year, we may be subject to material penalties as well as federal, state and local income tax on our REIT taxable income at regular corporate rates and we would not be able to qualify as a REIT for the subsequent four full taxable years. As of December 31, 2025, we were in compliance with all REIT requirements. The following table details the income tax treatment for our common stock dividends for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. The Board did not declare any dividends during the year ended December 31, 2025. Year Ended December 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 Ordinary dividends 50.6 % 30.9 % Capital gain dividends 0.0 % 0.0 % Nondividend distributions 49.4 % 69.1 % Total 100.0 % 100.0 % See Note 13 - Income Taxes to our consolidated financial statements for further detail. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2025, we had no off-balance sheet arrangements aside from those discussed in Note 3 - Loan Portfolio, Note 4 - Equity Method Investment, and Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies to our consolidated financial statements. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires our Manager to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. We believe that all of the decisions and estimates are reasonable, based upon the information available to us. We believe that the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. The assumptions within our accounting policies may vary from quarter to quarter as our portfolio changes and market and economic conditions evolve. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for a description of our significant accounting policies. Current Expected Credit Losses The CECL reserve required under ASC 326, Financial Instruments – Credit Losses , reflects our current estimate of potential credit losses related to our loan portfolio. Changes to the CECL reserve are recognized through a provision for or reversal of current expected credit loss reserve on our consolidated statements of operations. ASC 326 specifies the reserve should be based on relevant information about past events, including historical loss experience, current loan portfolio, market conditions and reasonable and supportable macroeconomic forecasts through each loan within our loan portfolio’s expected remaining duration. For our loan portfolio, we perform a quantitative assessment of the impact of CECL primarily using the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity, or WARM, method. The application of the WARM method to estimate a general CECL reserve requires judgment, including the appropriate historical loan loss reference data, the expected timing and amount of future loan fundings and repayments, the current credit quality of our portfolio, and our expectations of performance and market conditions over the relevant time period. The WARM method requires us to reference historical loan loss data from a comparable data set and apply such loss rate to each of our loans over their expected remaining duration, taking into consideration expected economic conditions over the forecasted timeframe. Our general CECL reserve reflects our forecast of the current and future macroeconomic conditions that may impact the performance of the commercial real estate assets securing our loans and each borrower’s ultimate ability to repay. These estimates include unemployment rates, price indices for commercial properties, and market liquidity, all of which may influence the likelihood and magnitude of potential credit losses for our loans during their expected remaining duration. Additionally, further adjustments may 79 be made based upon loan positions senior to ours, the risk rating of a loan, whether a loan is a construction loan, timing of the loan’s initial maturity, or the economic conditions specific to the property type of a loan’s collateral property. To estimate an annual historical loss rate, we obtained historical loss rate data for loans most comparable to our loan portfolio from a commercial mortgage-backed securities database licensed by a third party, Trepp, LLC, which contains historical loss data from the 1990s through December 31, 2025. We believe this CMBS data is the most relevant, available, and comparable dataset to our portfolio. When evaluating the current and future macroeconomic environment, we consider the aforementioned macroeconomic factors. Historical data for each metric is compared to historical commercial real estate credit losses in order to determine the relationship between the two variables. We use projections of each macroeconomic factor, obtained from a third party, to approximate the impact the macroeconomic outlook may have on our loss rate. Selections of these economic forecasts require judgment about future events that, while based on the information available to us as of the balance sheet date, are ultimately subjective and uncertain, and the actual economic conditions could vary significantly from the estimates we made. Following a reasonable and supportable forecast period, we use a straight-line method of reverting to the historical loss rate. Additionally, we assess the obligation to extend credit through our unfunded loan commitments through their expected remaining duration, adjusted for projected fundings from interest reserves, if applicable, which is considered in the estimate of the general CECL reserve. For both the funded and unfunded portions of our loans, we consider our internal risk rating of each loan as the primary credit quality indicator underlying our assessment. We evaluate the credit quality of each of our loans receivable on an individual basis and assign a risk rating at least quarterly. We have developed a loan grading system for all of our outstanding loans receivable that are collateralized directly or indirectly by real estate. Grading criteria include, but are not limited to, as-is or as-stabilized debt yield, term of loan, property type, property or collateral location, loan type, structure, collateral cash flow volatility and other more subjective variables that include, but are not limited to, as-is or as-stabilized collateral value, market conditions, industry conditions, borrower/sponsor financial stability, and borrower/sponsor exit plan. While evaluating the credit quality of each loan within our portfolio, we assess these quantitative and qualitative factors as a whole and with no pre-prescribed weight on their impact to our determination of a loan’s risk rating. However, based upon the facts and circumstances for each loan and the overall market conditions, we may consider certain previously mentioned factors more or less relevant than others. We utilize the grading system to determine each loan’s risk of loss and to provide a determination as to whether an individual loan is impaired and whether a specific CECL reserve is necessary. In certain circumstances, we may determine that a loan is no longer suited for the WARM method because (i) it has unique risk characteristics, (ii) we have deemed the borrower/sponsor to be experiencing financial difficulty and the repayment of the loan’s principal is collateral-dependent, (iii) we anticipate assuming legal title and/or physical possession of the collateral property and the fair value of the collateral property is determined to be below the carrying value of our loan, and/or (iv) recovery of our loan may occur at an amount below our loan’s carrying value. We may instead elect to employ different methods to estimate credit losses that also conform to ASC 326 and related guidance. For such loans, we would separately measure the specific reserve for each loan by using the estimated fair value of the loan’s collateral. In certain circumstances, we may recognize a specific reserve based upon anticipated proceeds from the disposition of our loan. If the estimated fair value of the collateral or anticipated proceeds from the disposition of our loan is less than the carrying value of the loan, an asset-specific reserve is created as a component of our overall current expected credit loss reserve. Specific reserves are equal to the excess of a loan’s carrying value over the estimated fair value of the collateral or anticipated proceeds from the disposition of our loan. If recovery of our loan is expected from the sale of the collateral, specific reserves are equal to the excess of a loan’s carrying value over the estimated fair value of the collateral less estimated costs to sell. Fair values of collateral assets used to determine specific CECL reserves are calculated using a discounted cash flow model, a sales comparison approach, or a market capitalization approach. Estimates of fair values used to determine specific CECL reserves may include, among others, assumptions of property specific cash flows over estimated holding periods, assumptions of property redevelopment costs, assumptions of leasing activities, discount rates, market and terminal capitalization rates, and, with respect to land, value per buildable square foot. These assumptions are based upon the nature of the properties, recent and projected property cash flows, recent sales and lease comparables, and anticipated real estate and capital market conditions, among other factors which we may deem relevant. Estimates of fair values used to determine specific CECL reserves as of December 31, 2025 include discount rates ranging from 6.0% to 9.5%, market and terminal capitalization rates ranging from 4.72% to 8.25%, and, with respect to the land loan, value per buildable square foot of $140 based on current entitlements. Significant judgment is required in determining impairment and in estimating the resulting credit loss reserve, and actual losses, if any, could materially differ from those estimates. 80 Real Estate Owned To maximize recovery from certain defaulted loans, we may from time to time assume legal title and/or physical possession of the collateral property of a defaulted loan through foreclosure, a deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, or an assignment-in-lieu of foreclosure. We account for acquisitions of real estate, including foreclosures, deed-in-lieu of foreclosures, or assignment-in-lieu of foreclosures, in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations , which first requires that we determine if the real estate investment is the acquisition of an asset or a business combination. Under this model, we identify and determine the estimated fair value of any assets acquired and liabilities assumed. This generally results in the allocation of the purchase price to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on the relative estimated fair values of each respective asset and liability. Debt related to real estate owned hotel portfolio is initially recorded at its estimated fair value at the time of foreclosure, deed-in-lieu of foreclosure, or assignment-in-lieu of foreclosure. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed generally include land, building, building improvements, tenant improvements, furniture, fixtures and equipment, mortgages payable, and identified intangible assets and liabilities, which generally consists of above or below market lease values, in-place lease values, and other lease-related values. In estimating fair values for allocating the purchase price of our real estate owned, we may utilize various methods, including a market approach, which considers recent sales of similar properties, adjusted for differences in location and state of the physical asset, or a replacement cost approach, which considers the composition of physical assets acquired, adjusted based on industry standard information and the remaining useful life of the acquired property. In estimating fair values of intangible assets acquired or liabilities assumed, we consider the estimated cost of leasing our real estate owned assuming the property was vacant, the value of the current lease agreements relative to market-rate leases, and the estimation of total lease-up time including lost rents. Real estate assets held-for-investment are evaluated for indicators of impairment on a quarterly basis. Factors that we may consider in our impairment analysis include, among others: (i) significant underperformance relative to historical or anticipated operating results; (ii) significant negative industry or economic trends; (iii) costs necessary to extend the life or improve the real estate asset; (iv) significant increase in competition; and (v) ability to hold and dispose of the real estate asset in the ordinary course of business. A real estate asset is considered impaired when the sum of estimated future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the real estate asset over the estimated remaining holding period is less than the carrying amount of such real estate asset. Cash flows include operating cash flows and anticipated capital proceeds generated by the sale of the real estate asset. If the sum of such estimated undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying amount of the real estate asset, an impairment charge is recorded equal to the excess of the carrying value of the real estate asset over its estimated fair value. Fair values of collateral assets used to determine the initial estimated fair value of real estate owned are calculated using a discounted cash flow model, a sales comparison approach, or a market capitalization approach. Estimates of fair values used to determine real estate owned upon acquisition may include, among others, assumptions of property specific cash flows over estimated holding periods, assumptions of property redevelopment costs, assumptions of leasing activities, discount rates, market and terminal capitalization rates, and, with respect to land, value per buildable square foot. These assumptions are based upon the nature of the properties, recent and projected property cash flows, recent sales and lease comparables, and anticipated real estate and capital market conditions, among other factors which we may deem relevant. Estimates of fair values used to determine real estate owned upon acquisition during the year ended December 31, 2025 include assumptions of market capitalization rates ranging from 4.75% to 5.50% and, with respect to the land parcel, value per buildable square foot of $253. There were no impairments of our real estate owned held-for-investment assets through December 31, 2025. 81 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitati ve Disclosures About Market Risk. Interest Rate Risk In early 2022, the U.S. Federal Reserve began a campaign to combat inflation by increasing interest rates, ultimately resulting in benchmark interest rates increasing by 5.25% by the end of 2023. Although the U.S. Federal Reserve has reduced benchmark interest rates between September 2024 and December 2025, such benchmark rates remain elevated relative to recent historical standards. Additionally, the U.S. Federal Reserve has indicated that further changes in benchmark interest rates are dependent upon changes in prices and employment markets. The timing, direction, and extent of any future adjustment to benchmark interest rates by the U.S. Federal Reserve is uncertain. Elevated benchmark interest rates imposed by the U.S. Federal Reserve may continue to increase our interest expense, negatively impact the ability of our borrowers to service their debt, and reduce the value of the CRE collateral underlying our loans. Conversely, in a period of declining interest rates, the interest income on floating rate investments would decline, while any decline in the interest we are charged on our floating rate debt may not equal or exceed the decrease in interest income and the interest expense we incur. Exclusive of the impact of non-accrual loans, rising interest rates will generally increase our net interest income, while declining interest rates will generally decrease our net interest income. The following table illustrates as of December 31, 2025 the impact on our net interest income and net interest income per share for loans receivable held-for-investment for the twelve-month period following December 31, 2025, assuming a decrease in SOFR of 50 and 100 basis points and an increase in SOFR of 50 and 100 basis points in the applicable interest rate benchmark (based on SOFR of 3.69% as of December 31, 2025) ($ in thousands, except per share data): Net Floating Decrease Increase Rate Exposure Change in 100 Basis Points 50 Basis Points 50 Basis Points 100 Basis Points $ 774,497 Net interest income $ 7,110 $ 3,957 $ (3,603 ) $ (7,206 ) Net interest income per share $ 0.05 $ 0.03 $ (0.03 ) $ (0.05 ) Risks related to fluctuations in cash flows and asset values associated with movements in interest rates may also contribute to the risk of nonperformance on floating rate assets. In the case of a significant increase in interest rates, the cash flows of the collateral real estate assets to our loans may be insufficient to pay debt service due, which may contribute to nonperformance of our loans. We seek to manage this risk by, among other things, generally requiring our borrowers to acquire interest rate caps from an unaffiliated third-party. Credit Risk Our loans and other investments are also subject to credit risk, including the risk of default. In particular, changes in general economic conditions, including interest rates, will affect the creditworthiness of borrowers and/or the value of underlying real estate collateral relating to our investments. By its nature, our investment strategy emphasizes prudent risk management and capital preservation by primarily originating senior loans utilizing underwriting techniques requiring relatively conservative loan-to-value ratio levels to insulate us from credit losses absent a significant diminution in collateral value. In addition, we seek to manage credit risk by performing extensive due diligence on our collateral, borrower and guarantors, as applicable, evaluating, among other things, title, environmental and physical condition of collateral, comparable sales and leasing analysis of similar collateral, the quality of and alternative uses for the real estate collateral being underwritten, submarket trends, our borrower’s track record and the reasonableness of the borrower’s projections prior to originating a loan. Subsequent to origination, we also manage credit risk by proactively monitoring our investments and, whenever possible, limiting our own leverage to partial recourse or non-recourse, match-funding financing. Notwithstanding these efforts, there can be no assurance that we will be able to avoid losses in all circumstances. The performance and value of our loans and investments depend upon, among other things, the borrower’s ability to improve and operate the properties that serve as our collateral so that they produce cash flows adequate to pay interest and principal due to us. To monitor this risk, our Sponsor’s asset management team rigorously monitors the performance of our loan portfolio and our Sponsor’s asset management and origination teams maintain regular contact with borrowers, property managers, co-lenders and local market experts to monitor the performance of the underlying loan collateral, anticipate borrower, property and market issues and, to the extent necessary or appropriate, enforce our rights as the lender. In addition, we are exposed to the risks generally associated with the CRE market, including variances in occupancy rates, capitalization rates, absorption rates and other macroeconomic factors beyond our control, including changes in benchmark interest rates, cost increases associated with construction materials, employment conditions, and supply chain and labor market disruptions. We seek to manage these risks through our underwriting, loan structuring, financing structuring, and asset management processes. 82 In the event that we are forced to foreclose, our broader Sponsor platform includes professionals experienced in CRE development, ownership, property management, and asset management which enables us to execute the workout of a troubled loan and protect investors’ capital in a way that we believe many non-traditional lenders cannot. Capital Markets Risk We are exposed to risks related to the equity and debt capital markets which impact our related ability to raise capital through the issuance of our common stock or other debt or equity-related instruments. As a REIT, we are required to distribute a significant portion of our REIT taxable income annually, which constrains our ability to retain and accumulate operating earnings and therefore requires us to utilize debt or equity capital to finance the growth of our business. We seek to mitigate these risks by constantly monitoring the debt and equity capital markets, the maturity profile of our in-place loan portfolio and financings, and other potential liquidity requirements to inform our decisions on the amount, timing, and terms of any capital we may raise. Each of our repurchase agreements contain “margin maintenance” provisions, which allow the lender to require the delivery of cash or other assets to reduce the financing amount against loans that have been deemed to have experienced a diminution in value. A substantial deterioration in the commercial real estate capital markets, among other things, may negatively impact the value of assets financed with lenders that have margin maintenance provisions in their facilities. Certain of our repurchase agreements permit valuation adjustments solely as a result of collateral-specific credit events, while other repurchase agreements contain provisions also allowing our lenders to make margin calls upon the occurrence of adverse changes in the capital markets or as a result of interest rate or spread fluctuations, subject to minimum thresholds, among other factors. As of December 31, 2025, we have not received any margin calls under any of our repurchase agreements. Financing Risk We finance and have financed our business through a variety of means, including the syndication of non-consolidated senior interests, notes payable, borrowings under our repurchase and participation facilities, the syndication of senior participations in our originated senior loans, and secured term loan. Over time, as market conditions change, we may use other forms of financing in addition to these methods of financing. Weakness or volatility in the debt capital markets, the CRE and mortgage markets, changes in regulatory requirements, geopolitical volatility, global trade tensions, and fluctuation in interest rates and the resulting market disruptions therefrom, among other things, could adversely affect one or more of our lenders or potential lenders and could cause one or more of our lenders or potential lenders to be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing, increase the costs of or reduce the advance rate on existing financing or otherwise offer unattractive terms for that financing. In addition, we may seek to finance our business through the issuance of our common stock or other equity or equity-related instruments, though there is no assurance that such financing will be available on a timely basis with attractive terms, or at all. Counterparty Risk The nature of our business requires us to hold cash and cash equivalents with various financial institutions, as well as obtain financing from various financial institutions. This exposes us to the risk that these financial institutions may not fulfill their obligations to us under various contractual arrangements. We mitigate this exposure by depositing our cash and cash equivalents and entering into financing agreements with high credit-quality institutions. Our relationships with our lenders subject us to counterparty risks including the risk that a counterparty is unable to fund undrawn credit capacity, particularly if such counterparty enters bankruptcy, among other detrimental effects. We manage this risk by seeking diverse financing sources across counterparties and financing types and generally obtaining financing from high credit quality institutions. The nature of our loans and other investments also exposes us to the risk that our borrowers are unable to execute their business plans, and as a result do not make required interest and principal payments on scheduled due dates, as well as the impact of our borrowers’ tenants not making scheduled rent payments when contractually due. We seek to manage this risk through a comprehensive credit analysis prior to making an investment and rigorous monitoring of our borrowers’ progress in executing their business plans as well as market conditions that may affect the collateral property, through our asset management process. Each loan is structured with various lender protections that are designed to discourage and deter fraudulent behavior and other bad acts by borrowers, as well as require borrowers to adhere to their stated business plans while the loan is outstanding. Such protections may include, without limitation: cash management accounts, “bad boy” carveout guarantees, completion guarantees, guarantor minimum net worth and liquidity requirements, partial or full recourse to sponsors and/or guarantors, approval rights over major decisions, and performance tests throughout the loan term. 83 Prepayment Risk Prepayment risk is the risk that principal will be repaid prior to initial maturity, which may require us to identify new investment opportunities to deploy such capital at a similar rate of return in order to avoid an overall reduction in our net interest income. We may structure our loans with spread maintenance, minimum multiples and make-whole provisions to protect against early repayment. Typically, investments are structured with the equivalent of 12 to 24 months’ spread maintenance or a minimum level of income that an investment is contractually obligated to return. In general, an increase in prepayment rates accelerates the accretion of deferred income, including origination fees and exit fees, which increases interest income earned on the asset during the period of repayment. Conversely, if capital that is repaid is not subsequently redeployed into investment opportunities generating a similar return, future periods may experience reduced net interest income. Repayment / Extension Risk Loans are generally expected to be repaid at maturity, unless the borrower repays early or meets contractual conditions to qualify for a maturity extension. The granting of these extensions may cause a loan’s term to extend beyond the term of its related secured financing. Elevated interest rates recently imposed by the U.S. Federal Reserve relative to recent historical standards may lead to an increase in the number of our borrowers who exercise or request additional extension options, or who may become unwilling or unable to make contractual payments when due. Some of our borrowers may experience delays in the execution of their business plans, changes in their capital position and available liquidity, and/or changes in market conditions which may impact the performance of the collateral property, borrower, or sponsor. Accordingly, this may result in the borrower not meeting certain extension conditions such as minimum debt yield, maximum LTV, and/or the ability of the borrower to purchase replacement interest rate caps. Elevated interest rates may also increase the number of our borrowers who may default because, among other things, they may not be able to find replacement financing for our loan. Furthermore, there may be certain instances where, for loans which have been modified, we may not be able to maintain the associated financing on its existing terms. This could have a negative impact on our results of operations, and in some situations, we may be forced to sell assets to maintain adequate liquidity, which could cause us to incur losses. Currency Risk To date, we have made no loans and hold no assets or liabilities denominated or payable in foreign currencies, although we may do so in the future. We may in the future hold assets denominated or payable in foreign currencies, which would expose us to foreign currency risk. As a result, a change in foreign currency exchange rates may have a positive or an adverse impact on the valuation of our assets, as well as our income and dividends. Any such changes in foreign currency exchange rates may impact the measurement of such assets or income for the purposes of our REIT tests and may affect the amounts available for payment of dividends to our stockholders. Although not required, if applicable, we may hedge any currency exposures. However, such currency hedging strategies may not eliminate all of our currency risk due to, among other things, uncertainties in the timing and/or amount of payments received on the related investments and/or unequal, inaccurate or unavailability of hedges to perfectly offset changes in future exchange rates. Additionally, we may be required under certain circumstances to collateralize our currency hedges for the benefit of the hedge counterparty, which could adversely affect our liquidity. Real Estate Risk The market values of loans secured directly or indirectly by CRE assets and CRE assets themselves are subject to volatility and may be adversely affected by a number of factors, including the interest rate environment; persistent inflation; increases in remote work trends; natural disasters or pandemics; national, regional, local and foreign economic conditions (which may be adversely affected by industry slowdowns, global trade tensions, and other factors); changes in government laws, regulations, and actions (such as tax, real estate, environmental and climate, rent control, zoning laws, bank reserve requirements, and changes in monetary policy); supply chain and labor market disruptions; changes in social conditions; changes in employment conditions; regional or local real estate conditions; geopolitical volatility; changes or continued weakness in specific industry segments; construction quality, age and design; changes to construction costs; demographic factors; changes to building or similar codes; and changes in real property tax rates. In addition, decreases in property values reduce the value of the loan collateral and the potential proceeds available to a borrower to repay the underlying loans, which could also cause us to suffer losses. We may realize losses related to foreclosures, repayments of our loans at an amount below our carrying value, the sale of our loans, the restructuring of the loans in our investment portfolio on terms that may be more favorable to borrowers than those underwritten at origination, or the sale of real estate owned assets. We seek to manage these risks through our underwriting, loan structuring, financing structuring and asset management processes. 84 Item 8. Fin ancial Statements and Supplementary Data. INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238 ) F- 2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 F- 5 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 F- 6 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 F- 7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 F- 8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F- 10 Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation as of December 31, 2025 F- 47 Schedule IV - Mortgage Loans on Real Estate as of December 31, 2025 F- 49 F- 1 Report of Independent Registe red Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations, of changes in equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, including the related notes and financial statement schedules listed in the accompanying index (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. F- 2 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. General Current Expected Credit Loss Reserve - Loan Risk Ratings As described in Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s total general current expected credit loss (“CECL”) reserve was $77.7 million as of December 31, 2025, of which $73.3 million relates to loans receivable held-for-investment and $4.3 million relates to unfunded loan commitments. Management primarily arrives at their general CECL reserve using the Weighted Average Remaining Maturity, or WARM method. The application of the WARM method to estimate a general CECL reserve requires judgment, including the appropriate historical loan loss reference data, the expected timing and amount of future loan fundings and repayments, the current credit quality of the portfolio, and management’s expectations of performance and market conditions over the relevant time period. For both the funded and unfunded portions of the loans, management considers the internal risk rating of each loan as the primary credit quality indicator underlying management’s assessment. Management evaluates the credit quality of each of the loans on an individual basis and assigns a risk rating at least quarterly. Management developed a loan grading system for all outstanding loans that are collateralized directly or indirectly by real estate. In conjunction with the quarterly loan portfolio review, management assesses the

