TICKER: CNDT
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
suppliers and customers. Nonperformance under a contract including a guarantee, indemnification or claim could trigger an obligation of the Company. We determine whether an estimated loss from a contingency should be accrued by assessing whether a loss is deemed probable and can be reasonably estimated. Should developments in any of these areas cause a change in our determination as to an unfavorable outcome and result in the need to recognize a material accrual, or should any of these matters result in a final adverse judgment or be settled for significant amounts, they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position in the period or periods in which such change in determination, judgment or settlement occurs. Refer to Note 15 – Contingencies and Litigation to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 41 Table of Contents Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of December 31, 2025, we do not believe we have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have, or are reasonably likely to have, a material current or future effect on financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. In addition, refer to the preceding discussion of the Company's contractual cash obligations and other commercial commitments and Note 15 – Contingencies and Litigation to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding contingencies, guarantees and indemnifications. Critical Accounting Estimates and Policies The preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") requires us to make estimates and assumptions in certain circumstances that affect amounts reported in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto. In preparing our Consolidated Financial Statements, we have made our best estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the Consolidated Financial Statements giving due consideration to materiality. However, application of these accounting policies involves the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. Senior management has discussed the development and selection of critical accounting policies, estimates and related disclosures included herein with the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. We consider these as critical to understanding our Consolidated Financial Statements, as their application places the most significant demands on management's judgment, since financial reporting results rely on estimates of the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. In instances where different estimates could have reasonably been used, we disclose the impact of these different estimates on our operations. In certain instances, the accounting rules are prescriptive; therefore, it would not have been possible to reasonably use different estimates. Changes in assumptions and estimates are reflected in the period in which they occur. The impact of such changes could be material to our results of operations and financial condition in any quarterly or annual period. Specific risks associated with these critical accounting policies are discussed in MD&A, where such policies affect our reported and expected financial results. For a detailed discussion of the application of these and other accounting policies, refer to Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Revenue Recognition Application of the accounting principles in U.S. GAAP related to the measurement and recognition of revenue requires us to make judgments and estimates. Complex arrangements with nonstandard terms and conditions may require significant contract interpretation to determine the appropriate accounting. Refer to Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 2 – Revenue to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our revenue recognition policies. Goodwill Goodwill is not amortized but rather tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if an event or circumstance indicates that impairment may have been incurred. Events or circumstances that might indicate an interim evaluation is warranted include, among other things, unexpected adverse business conditions, macro and reporting unit specific economic factors, supply costs, unanticipated adverse events or conditions impacting revenues, cash flows or profitability, unanticipated competitive activities and acts by governments and courts. Refer to Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 7 – Goodwill to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding our goodwill policies. Application of the interim and annual goodwill impairment test requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assignment of assets and liabilities to reporting units, assignment of goodwill to reporting units and the assessment of the fair value of each reporting unit. We currently have three reporting units which correlate to our three reportable segments: Commercial, Government and Transportation. Annual Goodwill Impairment Evaluation Our annual quantitative impairment test of goodwill was performed as of October 1, 2025. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 42 Table of Contents Goodwill is tested for impairment using a qualitative assessment and/or a quantitative assessment. In our quantitative assessment, we estimate the fair value of each reporting unit by weighting the results from the Income Approach (discounted cash flow methodology) and Market Approach. The Income Approach utilizes a discounted cash flow analysis based upon the forecasted future business results of its reporting units. The Market Approach utilizes the guideline public company method. These valuation approaches require significant judgment and consider several factors that include, but are not limited to, expected future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates and comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in our industry. In addition, we are required to make certain assumptions and estimates regarding the current economic environment, industry factors and the future profitability of our businesses. When performing our discounted cash flow analysis for each reporting unit, we incorporate the use of projected financial information and discount rates that are developed using market participant-based assumptions. The cash-flow projections are based on three-year financial forecasts developed by management that include revenue and expense projections, restructuring activities, capital spending trends and investment in working capital to support anticipated revenue growth or other changes in the business. The selected discount rates consider the risk and nature of the respective reporting units' cash flows, appropriate capital structure and rates of return that market participants would require to invest their capital in our reporting units. We believe these assumptions are appropriate and reflect our forecasted long-term business model and consider our historical results as well as the current economic environment and markets that we serve. The most significant assumptions used in the goodwill analysis relate to discount rates and long-term organic growth rates. Based on our quantitative assessments, we concluded that the fair value of our Government reporting unit exceeded its carrying value and, accordingly, we did not record any goodwill impairment charge as a result of our annual quantitative impairment test of goodwill for this reporting unit. If we used different assumptions for discount rates or long-term organic growth rates in this annual assessment, our calculated fair values of our Government reporting unit could be higher or lower which could result in a goodwill impairment. Income Taxes We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. The determination of our provision for income taxes requires significant judgment, the use of estimates and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. Our provision is based on nonrecurring events as well as recurring factors, including the taxation of foreign income. In addition, our provision will change based on discrete or other nonrecurring events such as audit settlements, tax law changes, changes in valuation allowances and other factors, that may not be predictable. In the event there is a significant unusual or one-time item recognized in our operating results, the taxes attributable to that item would be separately calculated and recorded at the same time as the unusual or one-time item. We record the estimated future tax effects of temporary differences between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and amounts reported in our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as well as operating loss and tax credit carryforwards. We follow very specific and detailed guidelines in each tax jurisdiction regarding the recoverability of any tax assets recorded in our Consolidated Balance Sheets and provide valuation allowances as required. We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability considering historical profitability, projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. Gross deferred tax assets of $310 million and $241 million had valuation allowances of $151 million and $95 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. We are subject to ongoing tax examinations and assessments in various jurisdictions. Accordingly, we may incur additional tax expense based upon our assessment of the more-likely-than-not outcomes of such matters. In addition, when applicable, we adjust previously recorded tax expense to reflect examination results. Our ongoing assessments of the more-likely-than-not outcomes of examinations and related tax positions require judgment and can materially increase or decrease our effective tax rate, as well as impact our operating results. Unrecognized tax benefits were $19 million, $19 million and $10 million at December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Refer to Note 14 – Income Taxes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding deferred income taxes and unrecognized tax benefits. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 43 Table of Contents Loss Contingencies We are currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings. At least quarterly, we review the status of each significant matter and assess its potential financial exposure considering all available information including, but not limited to, the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel and other updated information and events pertaining to a particular matter. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, we accrue a liability for the estimated loss. The estimated losses are recorded within Litigation settlements (recoveries), net in the Company's income statement. Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. Because of uncertainties related to these matters, accruals are based only on the best information available at the time. As additional information becomes available, we reassess the potential liability related to pending claims and litigation and may revise estimates. These revisions in the estimates of the potential liabilities could have a material impact on the results of operations and financial position. Our policy is to expense legal defense costs related to such matters as incurred. These costs are recorded within Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's income statement. Any insurance recoveries for litigation settlements and defense costs are recorded when such recoveries are deemed probable and collectability is reasonably assured. Such recoveries are recorded in the same financial statement line as the related costs to which the recoveries relate. Refer to Note 15 – Contingencies and Litigation to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding loss contingencies. Recent Accounting Changes See Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies for information on accounting standards adopted during the current year, as well as recently issued accounting standards not yet required to be adopted and the expected impact of the adoption of these accounting standards. To the extent we believe the adoption of new accounting standards has had or will have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, we also discuss the impact in the applicable section(s) of this MD&A. Non-GAAP Financial Measures We report our financial results in accordance with U.S. GAAP. In addition, within this Form 10-K Part II Item 7 we have discussed our financial results using non-GAAP measures. We believe these non-GAAP measures allow investors to better understand the trends in our business and to better understand and compare our results. Accordingly, we believe it is necessary to adjust several reported amounts, determined in accordance with U.S. GAAP, to exclude the effects of certain items as well as their related tax effects. Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures provide an additional means of analyzing the results of the current period compared to the corresponding prior period. However, these non-GAAP financial measures should be viewed in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the Company’s reported results prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for comparable U.S. GAAP measures and should be read only in conjunction with our Consolidated Financial Statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Our management regularly uses our non-GAAP financial measures internally to understand, manage and evaluate our business and make operating decisions, and providing such non-GAAP financial measures to investors allows for a further level of transparency as to how management reviews and evaluates our business results and trends. These non-GAAP measures are among the primary factors management uses in planning for and forecasting future periods. Compensation of our executives is based in part on the performance of our business based on certain of these non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin to the most directly comparable financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with U.S. GAAP are provided in the Segment Performance Review above. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin as an additional way of assessing certain aspects of our operations that, when viewed with the U.S. GAAP results and the accompanying reconciliations to corresponding U.S. GAAP financial measures, provide a more complete understanding of our on-going business. Adjusted EBITDA CNDT 2025 Annual Report 44 Table of Contents Margin is Adjusted EBITDA divided by revenue. Adjusted EBITDA represents income (loss) before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization and contract inducement amortization adjusted for the following items: • Amortization of acquired intangible assets. The amortization of acquired intangible assets is driven by acquisition activity, which can vary in size, nature and timing as compared to other companies within our industry and from period to period. • Restructuring and related costs. Restructuring and related costs include restructuring and asset impairment charges as well as costs associated with our strategic transformation program. • Goodwill impairment. This represents goodwill impairment charges arising from annual or interim goodwill testing. • (Gain) loss on divestitures and transaction costs. Represents (gain) loss on divested businesses and transaction costs. • Litigation settlements (recoveries), net represents settlements or recoveries for various matters subject to litigation. • Loss on extinguishment of debt. This represents write-off of debt issuance costs related to prepayments of debt. • Direct response costs - cyber event. This represents costs related to investigating, remediating and responding to the January 2025 Cyber Event. • Other charges (credits). This includes Other (income) expenses, net on the Consolidated Statements of Income (loss) and other adjustments. Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to represent cash flows from operations, operating income (loss) or net income (loss) as defined by U.S. GAAP as indicators of operating performance. Management cautions that amounts presented in accordance with Conduent's definition of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin may not be comparable to similar measures disclosed by other companies because not all companies calculate Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin in the same manner. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 45 Table of Contents ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Market Risk We are exposed to market risk from foreign currency exchange rates, which could affect operating results, financial position and cash flows. We manage our exposure to this market risk through our regular operating and financing activities and, when appropriate, using derivative financial instruments. We utilized derivative financial instruments to hedge economic exposures, as well as reduce earnings and cash flow volatility resulting from shifts in market rates. We also hedge the cost to fund material non-dollar entities by buying currencies periodically in advance of the funding date. This is accounted for using derivative accounting. Recent market events have not caused us to materially modify or change our financial risk management strategies with respect to our exposures to foreign currency risk. Refer to Note 11 – Financial Instruments to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion on our financial risk management. Foreign Exchange Risk Management Assuming a 10% appreciation or depreciation in foreign currency exchange rates from the quoted foreign currency exchange rates at December 31, 2025, the potential change in the fair value of foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities in each entity would not be significant because all material currency asset and liability exposures were economically hedged as of December 31, 2025. A 10% appreciation or depreciation of the U.S. Dollar against all currencies from the quoted foreign currency exchange rates at December 31, 2025 would have an impact on our cumulative translation adjustment portion of equity of approximately $39 million. The net amount invested in foreign subsidiaries and affiliates, primarily in the U.K. and Europe, and translated into U.S. Dollars using the year-end exchange rates, was approximately $393 million at December 31, 2025. Interest Rate Risk Management The consolidated weighted-average interest rates related to our total debt for 2025 approximated 6.20% for the Senior Notes and 8.13% for finance lease obligations. As of December 31, 2025, we had $109 million of borrowings outstanding under our Revolving Credit Facility, with a weighted average interest rate of 6.58%. As of December 31, 2025, $109 million of our total debt of $691 million carried variable interest rates. The fair values of our fixed rate financial instruments are sensitive to changes in interest rates and at December 31, 2025, a 10% increase in market interest rates would decrease the fair values of such financial instruments by approximately $15 million. A 10% decrease in market interest rates would increase the fair values of such financial instruments by approximately $15 million. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 46 Table of Contents ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Conduent Incorporated Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Conduent Incorporated and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the related consolidated statements of income (loss), of comprehensive income (loss), of shareholders' equity and of cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, including the related notes and schedule of valuation and qualifying accounts for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 appearing under Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO. Basis for Opinions The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made CNDT 2025 Annual Report 47 Table of Contents only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Revenue Recognition for Certain Revenue As described in Notes 1 and 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company’s total revenue was $3,042 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, of which a significant portion relates to certain revenue. Typically, the Company’s contracts include performance obligation(s) to stand-ready on a daily or monthly basis to provide services to the customers. Under a stand-ready obligation, the evaluation of the nature of the Company’s performance obligation is focused on each time increment rather than the underlying activities. Accordingly, the promise to stand-ready is accounted for as a single-series performance obligation. Once management determines the performance obligations, management determines the transaction price, which is based on fixed and/or variable consideration. The Company typically satisfies its performance obligations over time as the services are provided. A time-elapsed output method is used to measure progress because the nature of the Company’s promise is a stand-ready service and efforts are expended evenly throughout the period. The principal consideration for our determination that performing procedures relating to revenue recognition for certain revenue is a critical audit matter is a high degree of auditor effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the Company’s revenue recognition for certain revenue. Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to the revenue recognition process. These procedures also included, among others (i) testing revenue recognized, on a sample basis, by (a) obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as contracts, invoices, evidence of satisfaction of performance obligations, and where applicable, cash receipts, (b) where applicable, confirming services provided with the customer when payment has not been received for invoices, and (c) recalculating revenue recognized and (ii) confirming, on a sample basis, outstanding customer invoice balances as of December 31, 2025 and for confirmations not returned, and for invoices which have been paid, obtaining and inspecting subsequent cash receipts, or for invoices not yet paid, obtaining and inspecting source documents, such as contracts, invoices, and where applicable, evidence of satisfaction of performance obligations. /s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP New York, New York February 19, 2026 We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2016. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 48 Table of Contents REPORTS OF MANAGEMENT Management's Responsibility for Financial Statements Our management is responsible for the integrity and objectivity of all information presented in this annual report. The consolidated financial statements were prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and include amounts based on management's best estimates and judgments. Management believes the consolidated financial statements fairly reflect the form and substance of transactions and that the financial statements fairly represent the Company's financial position and results of operations. The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which is composed solely of independent directors, meets regularly with the independent registered public accountants, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, the internal auditors and representatives of management to review accounting, financial reporting, internal control and audit matters, as well as the nature and extent of the audit effort. The Audit Committee is responsible for the engagement of the independent registered public accountants. The independent registered public accountants and internal auditors have free access to the Audit Committee. /s/    HARSHA V. AGADI /s/    GILES GOODBURN President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer /s/    GEORGE ABATE Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer CNDT 2025 Annual Report 49 Table of Contents CONDUENT INCORPORATED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) Year Ended December 31, (in millions, except per-share data) 2025 2024 2023 Revenue $ 3,042 $ 3,356 $ 3,722 Operating Costs and Expenses Cost of services (excluding depreciation and amortization) 2,490 2,730 2,888 Selling, general and administrative (excluding depreciation and amortization) 412 455 458 Research and development (excluding depreciation and amortization) 4 6 7 Depreciation and amortization 194 204 264 Restructuring and related costs 35 46 62 Interest expense 48 75 111 Goodwill impairment — 28 287 (Gain) loss on divestitures and transaction costs, net 11 ( 696 ) 10 Litigation settlements (recoveries), net ( 1 ) 9 ( 30 ) Loss on extinguishment of debt 1 8 — Other (income) expenses, net 8 ( 13 ) ( 3 ) Total Operating Costs and Expenses 3,202 2,852 4,054 Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes ( 160 ) 504 ( 332 ) Income tax expense (benefit) 10 78 ( 36 ) Net Income (Loss) $ ( 170 ) $ 426 $ ( 296 ) Net Income (Loss) per Share: Basic $ ( 1.14 ) $ 2.28 $ ( 1.41 ) Diluted $ ( 1.14 ) $ 2.23 $ ( 1.41 ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 50 Table of Contents CONDUENT INCORPORATED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Net Income (Loss) $ ( 170 ) $ 426 $ ( 296 ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net (1) Currency translation adjustments, net 34 ( 37 ) 31 Unrecognized gains (losses), net ( 1 ) ( 1 ) 1 Changes in benefit plans, net 2 1 ( 1 ) Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net 35 ( 37 ) 31 Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net $ ( 135 ) $ 389 $ ( 265 ) __________ (1) All amounts are net of tax. Tax effects were immaterial. Refer to Note 18 – Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) for information about pre-tax amounts. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 51 Table of Contents CONDUENT INCORPORATED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, (in millions, except share data in thousands) 2025 2024 Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 233 $ 366 Accounts receivable, net 500 493 Contract assets 123 132 Other current assets 213 261 Total current assets 1,069 1,252 Land, buildings and equipment, net 181 167 Operating lease right-of-use assets 136 169 Deferred contract costs, net 128 126 Goodwill 617 609 Other long-term assets 266 276 Total Assets $ 2,397 $ 2,599 Liabilities and Equity Current portion of long-term debt $ 22 $ 24 Accounts payable 142 157 Accrued compensation and benefits costs 173 170 Contract liabilities 74 103 Other current liabilities 270 290 Total current liabilities 681 744 Long-term debt 665 615 Deferred taxes 19 24 Operating lease liabilities 102 138 Other long-term liabilities 103 93 Total Liabilities 1,570 1,614 Contingencies (See Note 15) Series A convertible preferred stock 142 142 Common stock 2 2 Treasury stock, at cost ( 235 ) ( 210 ) Additional paid-in capital 3,968 3,952 Retained earnings (deficit) ( 2,613 ) ( 2,433 ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ( 437 ) ( 472 ) Total Conduent Inc. Equity 685 839 Non-controlling Interest — 4 Total Equity 685 843 Total Liabilities and Equity $ 2,397 $ 2,599 Shares of common stock issued and outstanding 154,709 161,829 Shares of series A convertible preferred stock issued and outstanding 120 120 Shares of common stock held in treasury 70,097 60,868 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 52 Table of Contents CONDUENT INCORPORATED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) $ ( 170 ) $ 426 $ ( 296 ) Adjustments required to reconcile net loss to cash flows from operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 194 204 264 Contract inducement amortization 3 3 3 Goodwill impairment — 28 287 Deferred income taxes ( 22 ) ( 5 ) ( 54 ) Amortization of debt financing costs 1 3 4 Loss on extinguishment of debt 1 8 — (Gain) loss on divestitures and sales of fixed assets, net 2 ( 724 ) — Stock-based compensation 19 19 19 Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 2 34 26 Other current and long-term assets ( 33 ) ( 60 ) ( 111 ) Accounts payable and accrued compensation and benefits costs ( 12 ) ( 14 ) ( 52 ) Other current and long-term liabilities ( 60 ) ( 11 ) ( 2 ) Net change in income tax assets and liabilities 2 39 1 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ( 73 ) ( 50 ) 89 Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Cost of additions to land, buildings and equipment ( 59 ) ( 28 ) ( 51 ) Cost of additions to internal use software ( 22 ) ( 28 ) ( 42 ) Proceeds from divestitures 53 851 — Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ( 28 ) 795 ( 93 ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from revolving credit facility 259 80 — Proceeds from the issuance of debt, net 5 — — Payments of debt issuance costs ( 4 ) — — Payments of revolving credit facility ( 150 ) ( 80 ) — Payments of debt ( 105 ) ( 676 ) ( 41 ) Treasury stock purchases ( 25 ) ( 182 ) ( 27 ) Excise tax payment on treasury stock purchases ( 2 ) — — Taxes paid for settlement of stock-based compensation ( 2 ) ( 9 ) ( 7 ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ( 10 ) ( 10 ) ( 10 ) (Repurchase of) contribution from noncontrolling interest ( 5 ) — 4 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ( 39 ) ( 877 ) ( 81 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 6 ( 10 ) 6 Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ( 134 ) ( 142 ) ( 79 ) Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at Beginning of Period 377 519 598 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash at End of period (1) $ 243 $ 377 $ 519 ___________ (1) Includes $ 10 million, $ 11 million and $ 21 million of restricted cash as of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively, that was included in Other current assets on their respective Consolidated Balance Sheets. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 53 Table of Contents CONDUENT INCORPORATED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (in millions) Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings AOCL (1) Non-controlling Interest Shareholders’ Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 $ 2 $ — $ 3,924 $ ( 2,543 ) $ ( 466 ) $ — $ 917 Dividend - preferred stock, $ 80 /per share — — — ( 10 ) — — ( 10 ) Stock incentive plans, net — — 14 — — — 14 Treasury stock purchases — ( 27 ) — — — — ( 27 ) Contribution from noncontrolling interest — — — — — 4 4 Comprehensive Income (Loss): Net Loss — — — ( 296 ) — — ( 296 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net — — — — 31 — 31 Total Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net — — — ( 296 ) 31 — ( 265 ) Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 2 $ ( 27 ) $ 3,938 $ ( 2,849 ) $ ( 435 ) $ 4 $ 633 Dividend - preferred stock, $ 80 /per share — — — ( 10 ) — — ( 10 ) Stock incentive plans, net — — 14 — — — 14 Treasury stock purchases — ( 183 ) — — — — ( 183 ) Contribution from noncontrolling interest — — — — — — — Comprehensive Income (Loss): Net Loss — — — 426 — — 426 Other comprehensive income (loss), net — — — — ( 37 ) — ( 37 ) Total Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net — — — 426 ( 37 ) — 389 Balance at December 31, 2024 $ 2 $ ( 210 ) $ 3,952 $ ( 2,433 ) $ ( 472 ) $ 4 $ 843 Dividend - preferred stock, $ 80 /per share — — — ( 10 ) — — ( 10 ) Stock incentive plans, net — — 17 — — — 17 Treasury stock purchases — ( 25 ) — — — — ( 25 ) Buyback of noncontrolling interest — — ( 1 ) — — ( 4 ) ( 5 ) Comprehensive Income (Loss): Net Income — — — ( 170 ) — — ( 170 ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net — — — — 35 — 35 Total Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net — — — ( 170 ) 35 — ( 135 ) Balance at December 31, 2025 $ 2 $ ( 235 ) $ 3,968 $ ( 2,613 ) $ ( 437 ) $ — $ 685 ___________ (1) AOCL - Accumulated other comprehensive loss. The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Consolidated Financial Statements. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 54 Table of Contents CONDUENT INCORPORATED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1 – Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies References herein to “we,” “us,” “our,” the “Company” and “Conduent” refer to Conduent Incorporated and its consolidated subsidiaries unless the context suggests otherwise. Description of Business Conduent Incorporated is a New York corporation, organized in 2016. Conduent delivers digital business solutions and services spanning the commercial, government and transportation spectrum – creating valuable outcomes for its clients and the millions of people who count on them. The Company leverages cloud computing, artificial intelligence ("AI"), machine learning, automation and advanced analytics to deliver mission-critical solutions. Through a dedicated global team of approximately 51,000 associates, as well as process expertise and advanced technologies, Conduent's solutions and services digitally transform its clients’ operations to enhance customer experiences, improve performance, increase efficiencies and reduce costs. Basis of Presentation The Company's Consolidated Financial Statements included the historical basis of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of the individual businesses of the Company, including joint ventures and partnerships over which the Company has a controlling financial interest. The Company has prepared the Consolidated Financial Statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("U.S. GAAP") and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Certain reclassifications have been made to prior years' amounts to conform to the current year presentation. All intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated. In the first quarter of 2023, the Company identified an error and recorded an out-of-period adjustment to correct the recognition of revenue on a Government segment contract that originated in 2020 and impacted all quarterly periods through December 31, 2022. This adjustment resulted in a reduction to revenue and income (loss) before income taxes of $ 7 million and a corresponding decrease to accounts receivable of $ 1 million and an increase to other current liabilities of $ 6 million in the first quarter of 2023. The Company evaluated the impact of the out-of-period adjustment and concluded it was not material to any previously issued interim or annual consolidated financial statements and the adjustment was not material to the year ending December 31, 2023. The Company has evaluated subsequent events through February 19, 2026. The common stock of Conduent trades on the Nasdaq Global Select Market ("Nasdaq") under the ticker "CNDT". Use of Estimates The Company prepared the Consolidated Financial Statements using financial information available at the time of preparation, which requires it to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported. The Company's most significant estimates pertain to valuation of goodwill, contingencies and litigation and income taxes. These estimates are based on management's best knowledge of current events, historical experience, and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. As a result, actual results may be different from these estimates. New Accounting Standards Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses: In November 2024, the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") issued final guidance designed to enhance financial reporting by requiring public business entities to disclose additional details regarding specific expense categories in the notes to the financial statements for both interim and annual periods. The new guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027. The Company is not early adopting this guidance. As the guidance is disclosure related, adoption will not have any impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 55 Table of Contents Internal-use Software : In September 2025, the FASB issued final guidance designed to modernize the accounting for software costs that are accounted for as "internal-use software." This new guidance removes all previous references to project stages. It requires capitalization of software costs when (i) management has authorized and committed to funding the software project and (ii) it is probable that the project will be completed and the software will be used to perform the function intended. The new guidance is effective for annual and interim periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted as of the beginning of an annual reporting period. The Company is currently evaluating the impact that this new standard will have on its Consolidated Financial Statements. Recently Adopted Accounting Standards Income Taxes: In December 2023, the FASB issued final guidance designed to improve income tax disclosures, particularly disclosures around business entities' income tax rate reconciliation and income taxes paid. The guidance requires consistent categories and greater disaggregation of information in the reconciliation of an entity's statutory tax rate to its effective tax rate and information about income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. As allowed by the guidance, the Company adopted this guidance prospectively effective January 1, 2025. As the guidance is disclosure related, adoption did not have any impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. The required disclosure is included in Note 14 – Income Taxes. Summary of Accounting Policies Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash on hand, including money market funds and investments with original maturities of three months or less. Restricted cash is primarily comprised of cash collected on accounts receivable that have been factored but not yet remitted to third-party institutions. The Company includes restricted cash in Other current assets and the corresponding liability is included in Other current liabilities in its Consolidated Balance Sheets. Accounts Receivable, Net and Receivable Sales Credit risk has not historically been significant to the Company's business due to the nature of its customers, which are state and federal governments, public sector, and large commercial corporations. The Company believes that the credit risk associated with its receivables is limited due to the creditworthiness of its customers. Allowances for credit losses were less than $ 1.0 million at December 31, 2025 or 2024. The Company enters into factoring agreements in the normal course of business as part of our cash and liquidity management, to sell certain accounts receivable without recourse to third-party financial institutions. These transactions are treated as a sale and are accounted for as a reduction in accounts receivable because the agreement transfers effective control over, and risk related to, the receivables to the buyers. Cash proceeds from this arrangement are included in cash flow from operating activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. In 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company sold certain accounts receivable and derecognized the corresponding receivable balance. Accounts receivable sales for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were $ 875 million and $ 624 million, respectively. Assets/Liabilities Held for Sale The Company classifies assets as held for sale in the period when the following conditions are met: (i) management, having the authority to approve the action, commits to a plan to sell the asset (disposal group); (ii) the asset (disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such assets (disposal group); (iii) an active program to locate a buyer and other actions required to complete the plan to sell the asset (disposal group) have been initiated; (iv) the sale of the asset (disposal group) is probable, and transfer of the asset (disposal group) is expected to qualify for recognition as a completed sale within one year, except if events or circumstances beyond our control extend the period of time required to sell the asset (disposal group) beyond one year; (v) the asset (disposal group) is being actively marketed for sale at a price that is reasonable in relation to its current fair value; and (vi) actions required to complete the plan indicate that it is unlikely that significant changes to the plan will be made or that the plan will be withdrawn. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 56 Table of Contents A long-lived asset (disposal group) that is classified as held for sale is initially measured at the lower of its carrying value or fair value less any costs to sell. Any loss resulting from this measurement is recognized in the period in which the held for sale criteria are met. Conversely, gains are not recognized on the sale of a long-lived asset (disposal group) until the date of sale. The fair value of a long-lived asset (disposal group) less any costs to sell is assessed each reporting period it remains classified as held for sale and any subsequent changes are reported as an adjustment to the carrying value of the asset (disposal group), as long as the new carrying value does not exceed the carrying value of the asset at the time it was initially classified as held for sale. Refer to Note 4 – Divestitures to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Land, Buildings and Equipment Land, buildings and equipment are recorded at cost. Buildings and equipment are depreciated over their estimated useful lives. Leasehold improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful life. Significant improvements are capitalized and maintenance and repairs are expensed when incurred. Refer to Note 5 – Land, Buildings, Equipment and Software, Net for further discussion. Internal Use and Product Software Internal Use Software: The Company capitalizes direct costs associated with developing, purchasing or otherwise acquiring software for internal use and amortizes these costs on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life of the software, beginning when the software is implemented. Costs for upgrades and enhancements that will not result in additional functionality are expensed as incurred. Amounts paid for Internal Use Software are included in Cash Flows from Investing Activities. Produc t Software : The Company expenses product software costs to Research and development prior to technological feasibility. Upon reaching technological feasibility, certain costs related to the development of software solutions to be sold to its customers are capitalized. These costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated economic life of the software. Amounts paid for Product Software are included in Cash Flows from Operating activities. The Company performs annual reviews to ensure that unamortized Product Software costs remain recoverable from estimated future operating profits (net realizable value). Costs to support or service licensed software are charged to Costs of services as incurred. Internal use and Product software are included in Other long-term assets on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Refer to Note 5 – Land, Buildings, Equipment and Software, Net and Note 9 – Supplementary Financial Information for further information. Leases The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at the inception of the contract and whether that lease meets the classification criteria of a finance or operating lease. The Company has operating and finance leases for real estate and equipment. Operating leases are included in Operating lease right of use ("ROU") assets, Other current liabilities, and Operating lease liabilities in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Finance leases are included in Land, buildings and equipment, net, Current portion of long-term debt, and Long-term debt in the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. ROU assets represent the Company's right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent the Company's obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. ROU assets and liabilities are recognized at the commencement date based on the net present value of lease payments over the lease term using the Company’s incremental borrowing rates as the Company's leases generally do not provide an implicit rate. The incremental borrowing rate represents an estimate of the interest rate that the Company would incur at lease commencement to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term of a lease within a particular currency environment. The Company's lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option based on economic factors. The Company recognizes operating fixed lease expense and finance lease depreciation on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Variable lease expense is recognized in the period in which the obligation for those payments is incurred. Leases with an initial term of one CNDT 2025 Annual Report 57 Table of Contents year or less are expensed on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company accounts for lease and non-lease components separately for its equipment leases, based on the estimated standalone price of each component, and combines lease and non-lease components for its real estate leases. Refer to Note 6 – Leases for further information. Contingencies and Litigation The Company is currently involved in various claims and legal proceedings. At least quarterly, it reviews the status of each significant matter and assesses its potential financial exposure considering all available information including, but not limited to, the impact of negotiations, settlements, rulings, advice of legal counsel and other updated information and events pertaining to a particular matter. If the potential loss from any claim or legal proceeding is considered probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated, the Company accrues a liability for the estimated loss. The estimated losses are recorded within Litigation settlements (recoveries), net in the Company's income statement. Significant judgment is required in both the determination of probability and the determination as to whether an exposure is reasonably estimable. Because of uncertainties related to these matters, accruals are based only on the best information available at the time. As additional information becomes available, the Company reassesses the potential liability related to pending claims and litigation and may revise its estimates. These revisions in the estimates of potential liabilities could have a material impact on the results of operations and financial position. The Company's policy is to expense legal defense costs related to such matters as incurred. These costs are recorded within Selling, general and administrative expenses in the Company's income statement. Any insurance recoveries for litigation settlements and defense costs are recorded when such recoveries are deemed probable and collectability is reasonably assured. Such recoveries are recorded in the same financial statement line as the related costs to which the recoveries relate. Refer to Note 15 – Contingencies and Litigation to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding loss contingencies. Goodwill For acquired businesses, the Company records the acquired assets and assumed liabilities based on their relative fair values at the date of acquisitions (commonly referred to as the purchase price allocation). Goodwill represents the excess of the purchase price paid in excess of the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired. For the Company’s business acquisitions, the purchase price is allocated to identifiable intangible assets separate from goodwill if they are from contractual or other legal rights, or if they could be separated from the acquired business and sold, transferred, licensed, rented or exchanged. The Company tests goodwill for impairment annually as of October 1st, or more frequently if an event or change in circumstances indicate the asset may be impaired. Impairment testing for goodwill is performed at the reporting unit level using a qualitative and/or quantitative assessment. For the quantitative assessment, the Company determines the fair value of its reporting units utilizing a combination of both an Income Approach and a Market Approach. The Income Approach applies a discounted cash flow analysis based on forecasted future business results of the reporting units. The Market Approach utilizes the guideline public company method. These valuation approaches require significant judgment and consider several factors that include, but are not limited to, expected future cash flows, growth rates and discount rates and comparable multiples from publicly traded companies in our industry. In addition, the Company is required to make certain assumptions and estimates regarding the current economic environment, industry factors and the future profitability of its businesses. When performing its discounted cash flow analysis for each reporting unit, the Company incorporates the use of projected financial information and discount rates that are developed using market participant-based assumptions. The cash-flow projections are based on three-year financial forecasts developed by management that include revenue and expense projections, restructuring activities, capital spending trends and investment in working capital to support anticipated revenue growth or other changes in the business. The selected discount rates consider the risk and nature of the respective reporting units' cash flows, appropriate capital structure and rates of return that market participants would require to invest their capital in our reporting units. The Company believes these assumptions are appropriate and reflect its forecasted long-term business model and considers its historical results as well as the current economic environment and markets that the Company serves. The most significant assumptions used in the goodwill analysis relate to discount rates and long-term organic growth rates. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 58 Table of Contents Refer to Note 7 – Goodwill for further information. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets The Company reviews the recoverability of its long-lived assets, including buildings, equipment, internal use software, product software, right-of-use assets and other intangible assets, when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. The assessment of possible impairment is based on the Company's ability to recover the carrying value of the asset from the expected future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) of the related operations. If these cash flows are less than the carrying value of such asset, an impairment loss is recognized for the difference between estimated fair value and carrying value. The Company's primary measure of fair value is based on forecasted cash flows. Income Taxes The Company accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are based on differences between U.S. GAAP reporting and tax bases of assets or liabilities and based on current tax laws, regulations and rates. The recognition of deferred tax assets requires an assessment to determine the realization of such assets. Management establishes valuation allowances on deferred tax assets when it is determined “more-likely-than-not” that some portion or all the deferred tax assets may not be realized. Management considers positive and negative evidence in evaluating the ability of the Company to realize its deferred tax assets, including its historical results and forecasts of future ability to realize its deferred tax assets, including projected future taxable income, the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences and tax planning strategies. The Company is subject to ongoing tax examinations and assessments in various jurisdictions. The Company has unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. The Company follows U.S. GAAP which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. The Company's ongoing assessments of the more-likely-than-not outcomes of the examinations and related tax positions require judgment and can materially increase or decrease its effective tax rate, as well as impact its operating results. On December 22, 2017, the U.S. enacted the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Reform"). The Tax Reform includes a tax on global intangible low-taxed income (“GILTI”), which imposes a U.S. tax on certain income earned by the Company’s foreign subsidiaries. The Company elected to treat the tax on GILTI as a period cost when incurred and therefore, no deferred taxes for GILTI were recognized for the year ended December 31, 2025. Refer to Note 14 – Income Taxes for further discussion. Share Repurchase Program On May 16, 2023, the Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program, granting approval for the Company to repurchase up to $ 75 million of its common stock over the next three years (the "2023 Repurchase Plan"). This 2023 Repurchase Plan was completed in September 2024. On May 20, 2025, the Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program, granting approval for the Company to repurchase up to $ 50 million of its common stock over the next three years (the "2025 Repurchase Plan"). The Company had or has the discretion to repurchase shares periodically through open market transactions and may include Rule 10b5-1 trading plans under both the 2023 Repurchase Plan and the 2025 Repurchase Plan. Neither the 2023 Repurchase Plan nor the 2025 Repurchase Plan obligated the Company to acquire a specific number of shares and both programs were or can be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company’s discretion without prior notice. The Company holds repurchased shares of common stock as treasury stock. The Company accounts for treasury stock under the cost method and includes treasury stock as a component of shareholders' equity. The Company accrues the cost of repurchased shares and excludes such shares from the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share, as of the trade date. The Company recognized a liability for share repurchases which had not settled and for which cash had not been paid in Other current liabilities on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 59 Table of Contents Noncontrolling Interest The Company's Consolidated Financial Statements include the historical basis of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses of the individual businesses of the Company, including joint ventures over which the Company has a controlling financial interest. Control is based on ownership interest. The ownership interest held by an owner other than the Company in a less than wholly owned subsidiary is classified as a non-controlling interest. Net income (loss) is allocated to the noncontrolling interest based on ownership interest. In May 2023, the Company signed a new customer contract with the State of Victoria, Australia to provide the next generation of the state's public transport ticketing system. As a result, the Company and Convergint Australia Pty Ltd (“Convergint”) entered into a shareholder agreement to form Conduent Victoria Ticketing System Pty Ltd (“Conduent Victoria”). The Company held an 80 % equity investment in Conduent Victoria and the remaining 20 % was owned by Convergint. During 2025, the Company repurchased the interest held by the minority partner for $ 5 million and Conduent Victoria became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Prior to its repurchase by the Company, noncontrolling interest in Conduent Victoria was not material to the Company's Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) or Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for any of the periods presented. Therefore, the Company did not present any separate disclosures for such noncontrolling interest in those statements. Foreign Currency Translation The functional currency for most foreign operations is the local currency. Net assets are translated at current rates of exchange and income, expense and cash flow items are translated at average exchange rates for the applicable period. The translation adjustments are recorded in Accumulated other comprehensive loss. The U.S. Dollar is used as the functional currency for certain foreign subsidiaries that conduct their business in U.S. Dollars. A combination of current and historical exchange rates is used in re-measuring the local currency transactions of these subsidiaries and the resulting exchange adjustments are recorded in Currency (gains) and losses within Other (income) expenses, net together with other foreign currency re-measurements. Stock-based Compensation Stock-based compensation expense for stock-based awards which include restricted stock units (RSUs) and performance stock units (“PSUs") is based on the grant date fair value of those awards. Stock-based compensation expense is recognized for RSUs as shares vest over the requisite service period. Vesting of PSUs is contingent on meeting performance targets. If the minimum performance targets are not met, no compensation cost is recognized and any recognized compensation cost is reversed. Refer to Note 17 – Shareholders’ Equity for further information. Revenue Recognition The Company recognizes revenue when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to its customers, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. The Company's contracts with customers often include promises to transfer multiple products and services to a customer. Determining whether products and services are considered distinct performance obligations that should be accounted for separately, versus together, may require judgment. Typically, the Company’s contracts include performance obligation(s) to stand-ready on a daily or monthly basis to provide services to the customers. Under a stand-ready obligation, the evaluation of the nature of our performance obligation is focused on each time increment rather than the underlying activities. Accordingly, the promise to stand-ready is accounted for as a single-series performance obligation. Once the Company determines the performance obligations, the Company determines the transaction price, which is based on fixed and/or variable consideration. Typical forms of variable consideration include variable pricing based on the number of transactions processed or usage-based pricing arrangements. Variable consideration is also present in the form of volume discounts, tiered and declining pricing, penalties for service level agreements, performance bonuses and credits. In circumstances where the Company meets certain requirements to allocate variable consideration to a distinct service within a series of related services, it allocates variable consideration to CNDT 2025 Annual Report 60 Table of Contents each distinct period of service within the series. In limited circumstances, if the Company does not meet those requirements, it includes an estimate of variable consideration in the transaction price to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the uncertainty is resolved. For contracts with multiple performance obligations, the transaction price is allocated to separate performance obligations on a relative standalone selling price basis. The Company generally determines standalone selling prices based on the prices charged to customers or by using expected cost plus a reasonable margin. The Company typically satisfies its performance obligations over time as the services are provided. A time-elapsed output method is used to measure progress because the nature of the Company’s promise is a stand-ready service and efforts are expended evenly throughout the period. In limited circumstances, such as contracts for implementation or development projects, the Company also uses a cost-to-cost based input method. The Company has determined that the above methods provide a faithful depiction of the transfer of services to the customer. Estimates of revenue expected to be recognized in future periods exclude unexercised customer options to purchase additional services that do not represent material rights to the customer. Customer options that do not represent a material right are only accounted for when the customer exercises its option to purchase additional goods or services. The Company recognizes revenue for non-refundable upfront implementation fees on a straight-line basis over the period between the initiation of the services through the end of the contract term. When more than one party is involved in providing services to a customer, the Company evaluates whether it is the principal, and reports revenue on a gross basis, or an agent, and reports revenue on a net basis. In this assessment, the Company considers the following: if it obtains control of the specified services before they are transferred to the customer; is primarily responsible for fulfillment and inventory risk; and has discretion in establishing price. The Company reports revenue net of any revenue-based taxes assessed by governmental authorities that are imposed on and concurrent with specific revenue-producing transactions. The primary revenue-based taxes are sales tax and value-added tax ("VAT"). The Company's payment terms vary by type of services offered. The time between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. For certain services and customer types, the Company requires payment before services are rendered. From time to time, the Company's contracts are modified to account for additions or changes to existing performance obligations. The Company's contract modifications related to stand-ready performance obligations are generally accounted for prospectively. Refer to Note 2 – Revenue for further discussion. Costs to Obtain and Fulfill a Contract The Company capitalizes commission expenses paid to internal sales personnel that are incremental costs related to obtaining customer contracts. These costs are recorded as Deferred contract costs, net. The judgments made in determining the costs to be capitalized include whether the commissions are incremental and directly related to a successful acquisition of a customer contract. Capitalized costs are amortized within Depreciation and amortization over the term of the contract or the estimated life of the customer relationship if renewals are expected and the renewal commission is not commensurate with the initial commission. Sales commissions are expensed as incurred if the amortization period is one year or less. In addition, the Company may provide inducement payments to secure customer contracts. These inducement payments are capitalized and amortized as a reduction of revenue over the term of the customer contract. The Company also capitalizes costs incurred to fulfill its contracts that (i) relate directly to the contract, (ii) are expected to generate resources that will be used to satisfy the Company’s performance obligation under the contract and (iii) are expected to be recovered through revenue generated under the contract. These costs primarily consist of set-up and transition activities and are included in Deferred contract costs, net. Contract fulfillment costs are amortized within Depreciation and amortization on a systematic basis over the expected period of benefit as the Company satisfies its performance obligations by transferring services to the customer. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 61 Table of Contents Deferred contract costs are reviewed for recoverability annually or whenever an event occurs that indicates that the capitalized contract costs may no longer be recoverable. Refer to Note 2 – Revenue for further discussion. Note 2 – Revenue Disaggregation of Revenue The Company's contracts with customers are broadly similar in nature throughout the Company's major service offerings. The following is a description of the major service offerings: Customer Experience Management: The Company delivers a full range of customer contact services including customer care, technical support, loyalty management, and outbound and inbound sales, handling many complex interactions and representing the brands of its clients. The Company creates better experiences across the customer lifecycle through a variety of channels including chat, email, voice and virtual agent to help customers where and how they want to engage. Through omni-channel communications, automation and analytics, as well as labor efficiencies, the Company helps its clients drive revenue growth, enable scale, and gain cost reductions and other operational efficiencies. The Company serves marquee clients across multiple sectors, including the financial services, healthcare and life sciences, logistics, technology, telecom, travel and hospitality sectors, helping to resolve complex issues for their customers with empathy and effectiveness. Business Process as a Service ("BPaaS"): The Company helps its clients digitally transform business processes and drive efficiency, automation and scale across essential business functions. The Company streamlines client operations through its deep industry experience, understanding of its clients’ needs and the latest technology solutions to reduce costs, improve security, performance and accuracy, and enable revenue growth, while enhancing the end-user experience. The Company's portfolio of BPaaS solutions spans payment integrity, finance, accounting, and procurement, human capital, legal and compliance, and bank and lending. Integrated Digital Solutions: The Company drives efficiencies for clients with more digitized processes across the customer and document lifecycle through automation, data analytics and AI-powered solutions. This helps to shorten decision-making time on items like claims and applications while lowering costs, reducing manual effort, improving data accuracy, providing omnichannel communications and enhancing the overall customer experience. The Company's solutions span: document and claims processing; health plan administration; scanning and digitization of mailrooms, data and documents; omnichannel digital and physical communications, including print and mail and solutions focused specifically in the pharmaceutical and banking industries. Government Healthcare Solutions: The Company provides program administration solutions for government healthcare programs with a range of innovative solutions such as Medicaid management, provider services, Medicaid business intelligence, pharmacy benefits management, eligibility and enrollment support, customer contact services, application processing, premium billing, and case management solutions. Government Services Solutions: The Company is a leader in government payment disbursements for federally sponsored programs including benefit card programs and payment card programs. Benefit card programs are closed loop solutions that support Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families and Women, Infants and Children. Payment card programs are open loop solutions that support child support and Unemployment Insurance. The Company also offers a broad set of child support services predominately to State Disbursement Units, including processing and distributing payments, child support payment cards, childcare credentialing and case management, among others, to help states comply with federal standards. Road Usage Charging and Management Services: The Company's electronic tolling, urban congestion management and mileage-based user solutions help its clients accurately assess and collect payments millions of times every day to generate revenue for infrastructure improvements. The Company's solutions include vehicle passenger detection systems, electronic toll collection, automated license plate recognition and congestion management solutions. Transit Solutions: For train, bus, subway, metro and other transit travelers, the Company helps make journeys more personalized and convenient while increasing fare collections for authorities and agencies. The Company combines fare collection, account-based ticketing and intelligent mobility to provide clients with the added efficiency of a single point of management for all transit solutions. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 62 Table of Contents Commercial Vehicles: The Company provides computer-aided dispatch/automatic vehicle location technology to help clients manage their fleet operations. In 2025, the Company updated the presentation of disaggregated revenue by major service offering within the Commercial segment. This change had no impact on disaggregated revenue by reportable segment or the timing of revenue recognition. All prior periods presented have been revised to reflect this change. The following table provides information about disaggregated revenue by major service offering and reportable segment and the timing of revenue recognition. Refer to Note 3 – Segment Reporting for additional information on the Company's reportable segments. Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Commercial: Customer Experience Management $ 515 $ 549 $ 617 BPaaS 465 506 521 Integrated Digital Solutions 531 551 530 Total Commercial 1,511 1,606 1,668 Government: Government Healthcare Solutions 532 551 605 Government Services Solutions 390 433 489 Total Government 922 984 1,094 Transportation: Road Usage Charging & Management Solutions 238 244 317 Transit Solutions 371 341 233 Commercial Vehicles — 1 8 Total Transportation 609 586 558 Other: Divestitures — 180 402 Total Consolidated Revenue $ 3,042 $ 3,356 $ 3,722 Timing of Revenue Recognition: Point in time $ 113 $ 106 $ 107 Over time 2,929 3,250 3,615 Total Revenue $ 3,042 $ 3,356 $ 3,722 Contract Balances The Company receives payments from customers based upon contractual billing schedules. Accounts receivable are recorded when the right to consideration becomes unconditional. Contract assets are the Company’s rights to consideration for services provided when the right is conditioned on something other than passage of time (for example, meeting a milestone for the right to bill under the cost-to-cost measure of progress). Contract assets are transferred to Accounts receivable, net when the rights to consideration become unconditional. Unearned income includes payments received in advance of performance under the contract, which are realized when the associated revenue is recognized under the contract. The following table provides information about significant movements in contract assets (current and long-term): (in millions) December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Beginning balance $ 135 $ 190 Additional contract assets recognized 199 139 Billed and transferred to Accounts receivable and other ( 206 ) ( 194 ) Ending balance (1) $ 128 $ 135 ___ (1) Of which $ 6 million and $ 3 million are included in Other long-term assets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 63 Table of Contents The following table provides information about significant movements in contract liability balances (current and long-term): (in millions) December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Beginning balance $ 155 $ 146 Additional deferral of income 207 276 Revenue recognized related to deferral of income (1) ( 219 ) ( 267 ) Ending balance (2) $ 143 $ 155 ___ (1) Of which $ 94 million and $ 92 million were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, that related to the Company's contract liabilities as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. (2) Of which $ 69 million and $ 52 million are included in Long-term contract liabilities as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations Estimated revenue expected to be recognized in the future related to performance obligations that are unsatisfied or partially satisfied at December 31, 2025, was approximately $ 1.3 billion. The Company expects to recognize approximately 75 % of this revenue over the next 2 years and the remainder thereafter. Costs to Obtain and Fulfill a Contract The following table shows the net book value of the capitalized costs to obtain and fulfill a contract: (in millions) December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Costs to obtain a contract $ 18 $ 19 Costs to fulfill a contract 105 99 The amortization of costs incurred to obtain and fulfill a contract, excluding contract inducements, for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 were $ 53 million, $ 40 million and $ 40 million, respectively. The balances at December 31, 2025 and 2024 are expected to be amortized over a weighted average remaining life of approximately 4 and 3 years, respectively. The expected amortization expense for the next five years and thereafter for the costs to obtain and fulfill a contract is as follows (in millions): 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 Thereafter $ 41 $ 27 $ 15 $ 10 $ 5 $ 25 The net book value of contract inducement costs was $ 5 million and $ 8 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The net book value of costs to obtain and fulfill a contract are referred to as Deferred contract costs, net on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Note 3 – Segment Reporting The Company's reportable segments correspond to how it organizes and manages the business, as defined by the Company's Chief Executive Officer, who is also its Chief Operating Decision Maker ("CODM"), and are aligned to the industries in which the Company's clients operate. The Company's segments involve the delivery of business process services and include service arrangements where it manages a customer's business activity or process. Divestitures includes the results of the Company's BenefitWallet Portfolio, Curbside Management and Public Safety Solutions businesses and Casualty Claims business, each of which was divested in 2024.  Refer to Note 4 – Divestitures for additional information. The Company's CODM evaluates the Company's financial performance based on Segment profit (loss) for its three reportable segments - Commercial, Government and Transportation. The Company's CODM uses Segment profit (loss) information to monitor budget versus actual results and then uses this information to help make informed decisions about future resource investment, potential restructuring of segments to enhance overall company performance, and future divestitures and acquisitions. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 64 Table of Contents The Company's CODM does not evaluate operating segments using discrete asset information as a significant portion of the assets is managed at the total company level. • Commercial: The Commercial segment provides business process services that span its clients' businesses end-to-end from the front-office to the back-office for a variety of commercial industries. These solutions are both cross-industry and industry-specific in nature. Across the Commercial segment, the Company operates on its clients’ behalf to deliver mission-critical solutions and services to reduce costs, improve efficiencies and enhance performance for the Company's clients and deliver better experiences for their consumers and employees. • Government: The Government segment provides government-centric business process services and solutions to U.S. federal, state, local and foreign governments for public assistance, healthcare program administration, transaction processing, eligibility and enrollment processing, payment services and case management. In this segment, the Company helps governments respond to changing rules for eligibility and keep pace with increasing citizen expectations, modernize legacy technology systems, combat benefits fraud and adapt to an evolving regulatory environment. • Transportation: The Transportation segment provides government agencies and transportation authorities around the world with systems, support, and revenue-generating solutions serving toll and fare collections as well as mobility and digital payments that help streamline operations and increase revenue to government transportation agencies. With an expanded focus on sustainability and enhancing the quality of life for citizens and communities around the world, the Company's solutions help reduce congestion and greenhouse emissions, while creating seamless travel experiences for consumers throughout transportation ecosystems. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 65 Table of Contents The following table presents revenues, expenses and segment profit (loss) for the Company's reportable segments: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) Commercial Government Transportation Total (1) 2025 Segment revenue $ 1,511 $ 922 $ 609 $ 3,042 Expenses Wages and benefits $ 1,002 $ 383 $ 251 $ 1,636 Services and supplies 202 243 288 733 Rent lease and maintenance expense 149 69 48 266 Other operating expense 5 7 5 17 Depreciation and amortization expense 87 45 29 161 Segment expenses $ 1,445 $ 747 $ 621 $ 2,813 Segment profit (loss) $ 66 $ 175 $ ( 12 ) $ 229 2024 Segment Revenue $ 1,606 $ 984 $ 586 $ 3,176 Expenses Wages and benefits $ 1,081 $ 420 $ 256 $ 1,757 Services and supplies 212 282 279 773 Rent lease and maintenance expense 145 66 46 257 Other operating expense 1 6 6 13 Depreciation and amortization expense 90 44 24 158 Segment expenses $ 1,529 $ 818 $ 611 $ 2,958 Segment profit (loss) $ 77 $ 166 $ ( 25 ) $ 218 2023 Segment Revenue $ 1,668 $ 1,094 $ 558 $ 3,320 Expenses Wages and benefits $ 1,132 $ 411 $ 247 $ 1,790 Services and supplies 224 284 242 750 Rent lease and maintenance expense 140 65 43 248 Other operating expense 8 9 10 27 Depreciation and amortization expense 128 41 23 192 Segment expenses $ 1,632 $ 810 $ 565 $ 3,007 Segment profit (loss) $ 36 $ 284 $ ( 7 ) $ 313 __________ (1) Total excludes Divestitures and Unallocated Costs. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 66 Table of Contents Other operating expense shown above is primarily comprised of third-party legal fees and other miscellaneous expenses. The following is a reconciliation of Segment profit (loss) to Income (loss) before income taxes: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Segment Profit (Loss) $ 229 $ 218 $ 313 Reconciling items: Divestitures profit (1) — 35 103 Unallocated costs (2) ( 285 ) ( 287 ) ( 304 ) Amortization of acquired intangible assets ( 2 ) ( 5 ) ( 7 ) Restructuring and related costs ( 35 ) ( 46 ) ( 62 ) Interest expense ( 48 ) ( 75 ) ( 111 ) Loss on extinguishment of debt ( 1 ) ( 8 ) — Goodwill impairment — ( 28 ) ( 287 ) Gain (loss) on divestitures and transaction costs, net ( 11 ) 696 ( 10 ) Litigation (settlements) recoveries, net 1 ( 9 ) 30 Other income (expenses), net ( 8 ) 13 3 Income (Loss) Before Income Taxes $ ( 160 ) $ 504 $ ( 332 ) __________ (1) Divestitures profit is Income (loss) before income taxes. (2) Unallocated Costs includes IT infrastructure costs that are shared by multiple reportable segments, enterprise application costs and certain corporate overhead expenses not directly attributable or allocated to the reportable segments. Refer to Note 2 – Revenue for additional information on disaggregated revenues of the reportable segments. No sales to an individual customer accounted for more than 10% of revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 or 2023. Geographic area data is based upon the location of the subsidiary reporting the revenue or long-lived assets and is as follows for each of the years ended December 31: Revenues Long-Lived Assets (1) (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 2025 2024 United States $ 2,545 $ 2,887 $ 3,328 $ 351 $ 386 Europe 298 291 314 30 31 Other areas 199 178 80 92 98 Total Revenues and Long-Lived Assets $ 3,042 $ 3,356 $ 3,722 $ 473 $ 515 __________ (1) Long-lived assets are comprised of (i) Land, buildings and equipment, net, (ii) Internal use software, net, (iii) Product software, net and (iv) Operating lease right-of-use assets. Note 4 – Divestitures Divestiture of Casualty Claims Solutions Business On September 1, 2024, the Company completed the sale of its Casualty Claims Solutions business (collectively referred to as the "Casualty Disposal Group") to MedRisk. The Company received $ 224 million of cash consideration for this divestiture. In 2024, the Company recorded a gain on the sale of $ 194 million, which is recorded in Gain (loss) on divestitures and transaction costs, net . Additionally, the Company recorded $ 33 million of income tax expense related to this divestiture. The revenue generated by the Casualty Disposal Group was $ 100 million and $ 146 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Divestiture of Curbside Management and Public Safety Solutions Businesses On April 30, 2024, Conduent completed the sale of its Curbside Management and Public Safety Solutions businesses (collectively referred to as the "Curbside Disposal Group") to Modaxo, a division of Constellation Software Inc. The Company received $ 181 million of cash consideration and a $ 50 million non-interest bearing note payable to the Company that was due and paid on April 30, 2025. Additionally, the Company received CNDT 2025 Annual Report 67 Table of Contents reimbursement for payments made by the Company related to finance lease liabilities and related costs and the reimbursement for the purchase of certain equipment made by the Company on the buyer's behalf. In 2024, the Company recorded a gain on the sale of $ 103 million, which is recorded in Gain (loss) on divestitures and transaction costs, net . The Company recorded $ 28 million of income tax expense in connection with the divestiture. The revenue generated by the Curbside Disposal Group was $ 50 million and $ 137 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Transfer of BenefitWallet Portfolio In September 2023, the Company entered into a Custodial Transfer and Asset Purchase Agreement to transfer its BenefitWallet health savings account and medical savings account portfolio (collectively, the "BenefitWallet Portfolio") to HealthEquity, Inc. The transfer of the BenefitWallet Portfolio closed in multiple tranches from March to May 2024 and the Company received aggregate cash consideration of $ 425 million as the tranches closed. The Company recorded a gain on the transfer of $ 425 million, which is recorded in Gain (loss) on divestitures and transaction costs, net . The Company recorded $ 102 million of income tax expense in connection with the transfer of the BenefitWallet Portfolio. The revenue generated by the BenefitWallet Portfolio was $ 30 million and $ 118 million for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Note 5 - Land, Buildings, Equipment and Software, Net Land, buildings and equipment, net was as follows: Estimated Useful Lives December 31, (in millions except as noted) (Years) 2025 2024 Land $ 1 $ 1 Building and building equipment 25 to 50 5 6 Leasehold improvements Varies 223 214 IT, other equipment and office furniture 3 to 15 907 831 Other 4 to 20 2 2 Construction in progress 13 12 Subtotal 1,151 1,066 Accumulated depreciation ( 970 ) ( 899 ) Land, Buildings and Equipment, Net $ 181 $ 167 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 73 million, $ 80 million and $ 102 million, respectively. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 68 Table of Contents Internal Use and Product Software Internal use and Product software are included in Other long-term assets on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additions to Internal use and Product software as well as year-end balances for these assets were as follows: (in millions) Year Ended December 31, Additions to: 2025 2024 2023 Internal use software $ 22 $ 28 $ 42 Product software 23 14 21 December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 Internal use software, at cost $ 545 $ 528 Accumulated amortization ( 453 ) ( 421 ) Internal use software, net $ 92 $ 107 Product software, at cost $ 243 $ 226 Accumulated amortization ( 178 ) ( 154 ) Product software, net $ 65 $ 72 The useful lives of the Company's Internal use software and enhancements range from one to five years . Product software is amortized over the shorter of: (i) four years ; (ii) the expected economic life of the product; or (iii) the term of the associated customer contract. Amortization expense for Internal use and Product software for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 67 million, $ 79 million and $ 114 million, respectively. The 2023 amount includes the write-off of capitalized software costs totaling $ 25 million, stemming from management’s decision to abandon an internal use software project and a decision by a customer to not implement a product software solution. Note 6 - Leases The Company has entered non-cancelable operating and finance leases primarily for office space and equipment with lease terms that range from less than one year to 11 years. The components of lease costs were as follows: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Finance Lease Costs: Amortization of right of use assets $ 16 $ 12 $ 12 Interest on lease liabilities 4 3 2 Total Finance Lease Costs $ 20 $ 15 $ 14 Operating lease costs: Base rent $ 58 $ 67 $ 75 Short-term lease costs 1 1 2 Variable lease costs (1) 19 21 23 Sublease income ( 1 ) ( 1 ) — Total Operating Lease Costs $ 77 $ 88 $ 100 __________ (1) Primarily related to taxes, insurance and common area and other maintenance costs for real estate leases. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 69 Table of Contents Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: Year Ended December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 2023 Cash paid for the amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases $ 69 $ 75 $ 83 Operating cash flows from finance leases 4 2 3 Total Cash Flow from Operating Activities $ 73 $ 77 $ 86 Financing cash flow from finance leases $ 13 $ 17 $ 16 Supplemental non-cash information on right of use assets obtained in exchange for new lease obligations: Operating leases $ 19 $ 41 $ 70 Finance leases $ 35 $ 19 $ 21 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 Operating lease assets: Operating lease right-of-use assets $ 136 $ 169 Operating lease liabilities: Other current liabilities 52 52 Operating lease liabilities 102 138 Total Operating Lease Liabilities $ 154 $ 190 Finance lease assets: Land, buildings and equipment, net $ 54 $ 37 Finance lease liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt 13 8 Long-term debt 36 18 Total Finance Lease Liabilities $ 49 $ 26 The weighted average discount rates and weighted average remaining lease terms for operating and finance leases as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Operating Leases Finance Leases Operating Leases Finance Leases Weighted average discount rates 8.6 % 8.1 % 8.4 % 8.7 % Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) 4 4 4 4 CNDT 2025 Annual Report 70 Table of Contents Maturities of operating and finance lease liabilities as of December 31, 2025 were as follows: December 31, 2025 (in millions) Operating Lease Payments Finance Lease Payments 2026 $ 61 $ 16 2027 50 15 2028 28 15 2029 18 9 2030 11 2 Thereafter 14 — Total undiscounted lease payments 182 57 Less imputed interest 28 8 Present value of lease liabilities $ 154 $ 49 As of December 31, 2025, the Company entered into additional operating lease agreements for equipment for $ 6 million, real estate for $ 19 million and finance leases for equipment for $ 16 million which have not commenced and have not been recognized on the Company's Consolidated Balance Sheets. These leases are expected to commence in 2026 and 2027 with average lease terms of 4 , 9 and 5 years, respectively. Note 7 - Goodwill Goodwill The following table presents the changes in the carrying amount of goodwill, by reportable segment: (in millions) Commercial Government Transportation Total Balance at December 31, 2023 $ — $ 623 $ 28 $ 651 Foreign currency translation — ( 14 ) — ( 14 ) Impairment — — ( 28 ) ( 28 ) Balance at December 31, 2024 $ — $ 609 $ — $ 609 Foreign currency translation — 8 — 8 Impairment — — — — Balance at December 31, 2025 $ — $ 617 $ — $ 617 Gross goodwill $ 2,198 $ 1,371 $ 608 $ 4,177 Accumulated impairment ( 2,198 ) ( 754 ) ( 608 ) ( 3,560 ) Balance at December 31, 2025 $ — $ 617 $ — $ 617 2025 Impairment Testing The Company performed its annual goodwill impairment test as of October 1, 2025 for the Government reporting unit. This testing did not identify any goodwill impairment for the Government reporting unit and, accordingly, no impairment charge was recorded. 2024 Impairment Testing and Impairment Charge As part of its 2024 annual goodwill impairment testing, the Company identified a $ 28 million goodwill impairment for the Transportation reporting unit, which was primarily due to a reduction in projected cash flows from new customer contract signings and increased delivery costs. This represented a full impairment of goodwill for the Transportation reporting unit. 2023 Impairment Charge In September 2023, the Company entered into a Custodial Transfer and Asset Purchase Agreement (the "Purchase Agreement") to transfer its BenefitWallet Portfolio, which was reported within the Company’s Commercial segment. Since the Purchase Agreement did not represent a disposition of a business, no goodwill was allocated to the BenefitWallet Portfolio related to this transaction. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 71 Table of Contents Consequently, the Purchase Agreement was identified as a triggering event for the Commercial reporting unit that required the Company to evaluate goodwill for impairment. This evaluation resulted in a full impairment of the Commercial reporting unit's goodwill, totaling $ 287 million. The impairment charge was primarily driven by the Purchase Agreement and was recognized in the third quarter of 2023. The fair values of the goodwill impairment charge were estimated based on a determination of the implied fair value of goodwill, leveraging the results from the Income Approach and Market Approach, and are designated as level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. In connection with the Commercial reporting unit impairment assessment, the Company first performed a recoverability assessment of long-lived assets and concluded that such assets were not impaired. Note 8 – Restructuring Programs and Related Costs The Company engages in a series of restructuring programs related to downsizing its employee base, exiting certain activities, outsourcing certain internal functions and engaging in other actions designed to reduce its cost structure and improve productivity. The implementation of the Company's operational efficiency improvement initiatives has reduced the Company's real estate footprint across all geographies and segments resulting in lease right-of-use asset impairments and other related costs. Although the current program is substantially complete, management continues to evaluate the Company's businesses, and in the future, there may be additional provisions for new plan initiatives and/or changes in previously recorded estimates as payments are made, or actions are completed. Costs associated with restructuring are generally recognized when it has been determined that a liability has been incurred, upon communication to the affected employees or exit from the leased facility. A summary of the Company's restructuring program activity in the table below for years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 includes: • Severance and related costs - employee termination costs, which include severance, retraining and other related contractual benefits; • Contract termination and other costs - incremental, non-recurring costs related to the consolidation of the Company's data centers, costs associated with bringing certain technology functions in-house, costs related to the discontinuation of software service contracts and non-lease costs associated with exited lease facilities; and • Asset impairments - non-cash impairments of operating lease right-of-use ("ROU") assets and associated leasehold improvements related to the reduction of the Company's real estate footprint. (in millions) Severance and Related Costs Contract Termination and Other Costs Asset Impairments Total Balance at December 31, 2023 $ 9 $ 1 $ — $ 10 Provision 22 19 6 47 Changes in estimates ( 1 ) — — ( 1 ) Total Net Current Period Charges (1) 21 19 6 46 Charges against reserve and currency ( 17 ) ( 18 ) ( 6 ) ( 41 ) Balance at December 31, 2024 $ 13 $ 2 $ — $ 15 Provision 18 12 5 35 Changes in estimates — — — — Total Net Current Period Charges (1) 18 12 5 35 Charges against reserve and currency ( 26 ) ( 11 ) ( 5 ) ( 42 ) Balance at December 31, 2025 $ 5 $ 3 $ — $ 8 __________ (1) Represents amounts recognized within the Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) for the years shown No restructuring and related costs are allocated to the segments. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 72 Table of Contents Note 9 – Supplementary Financial Information The components of Other assets and Other liabilities were as follows: December 31, (in millions) 2025 2024 Other Current Assets Prepaid expenses $ 87 $ 77 Income taxes receivable 12 11 Value-added tax receivable 8 7 Restricted cash 10 11 Net receivables from buyers of divested businesses 1 52 Other 95 103 Total Other Current Assets $ 213 $ 261 Other Current Liabilities Accrued liabilities to

--- VENDORS ---
vendors; our reliance on third-party providers; our ability to deliver on our contractual obligations properly and on time; changes in continued interest in outsourced business process services; the adverse effect of claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights; our ability to estimate the scope of work or the costs of performance in our contracts; the loss of key senior management and our ability to attract and retain necessary technical personnel and qualified subcontractors; our failure to develop new service offerings and protect our intellectual property rights; our ability to modernize our information technology infrastructure and consolidate data centers; expectations relating to environmental, social and governance considerations; utilization of our stock repurchase program; the effects related to our use of artificial intelligence ("AI") on our business; the failure to comply with laws relating to individually identifiable information and personal health information; the failure to comply with laws relating to processing certain financial transactions, including payment card transactions and debit or credit card transactions; breaches of our information systems or security systems or any service interruptions; risks related to hacking or other cybersecurity threats to our data systems, information systems and network infrastructure and other service interruptions, including relating to the previously disclosed cyber event that took place in January 2025 (the "January 2025 Cyber Event"), including our investigation of such incident and mitigation and remediation efforts, the nature and extent of such incident, the potential disruption to our business or operations, the potential impact on our reputation, and our assessments of the likely financial and operational impacts of such incident; our ability to comply with data security standards; developments in various contingent liabilities that are not reflected on our balance sheet, including those arising as a result of being involved in a variety of claims, lawsuits, investigations and proceedings; risks related to divestiture transactions, including but not limited to the Company’s ability to realize the benefits anticipated from such transactions, and unexpected costs or liabilities in connection with such transactions; the impact of potential goodwill and other asset impairments on our results of operations; our significant indebtedness and the terms of such indebtedness; our failure to obtain or maintain a satisfactory credit rating and financial performance; our ability to obtain adequate pricing for our services and to improve our cost structure; our ability to collect our receivables, including those for unbilled services; a decline in revenues from, or a loss of, or a reduction in business from or failure of significant clients; fluctuations in our non-recurring revenue; increases in the cost of voice and data services or significant interruptions in such services; our ability to receive dividends and other payments from our subsidiaries; and other factors that are set forth in the “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components, and protect our intellectual property rights, we may be unable to retain current customers and gain new customers and our revenues would decline. The process of developing new service offerings, including new technology components, is inherently complex and uncertain. It requires accurate anticipation of customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends. We must make long-term investments and commit significant resources before knowing whether these investments will eventually result in service offerings that achieve customer acceptance and generate the revenues required to provide desired returns. In addition, some of our service offerings rely on technologies developed by and licensed from third-parties. We may not be able to obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third-parties at all or on reasonable terms, or such third-parties may demand cross-licenses to our intellectual property. It is also possible that our intellectual property rights could be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, allowing others to use our intellectual property to our competitive detriment. We also must ensure that all our service offerings comply with both existing and newly enacted regulatory requirements in the countries in which they are sold. If we fail to accurately anticipate and meet our customers’ needs through the development of new service offerings (including technology components) or if we fail to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or if our new service offerings are not widely accepted or if our current or future service offerings fail to meet applicable worldwide regulatory requirements, we could lose market share and customers to our competitors and that could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The Company’s business, operating results and reputation may be negatively impacted by failures or delays in our efforts to modernize our information technology infrastructure and to consolidate to fewer data centers. We have experienced certain disruptions in our operations and service delivery performance issues because of some of our information technology infrastructure that is outdated and that needs to be enhanced and updated, which disruptions have adversely impacted client and delivery performance. As a result, we embarked on a long-term project to modernize a significant portion of our information technology infrastructure with new systems and processes and to consolidate our data centers. We have systematically consolidated the majority of our technology CNDT 2025 Annual Report 17 Table of Contents infrastructure into two primary data centers leading to increased processing speeds, redundancy and stability, and improved performance for our clients. There is a risk, however, that our modernization efforts and data center consolidations could materially and adversely disrupt our operations and our service delivery to customers, could result in contractual penalties or damage claims from customers, could occur over a period longer than planned, and could require greater than expected investment and other internal and external resources. It may also take longer to realize the intended favorable benefits from an enhanced technology infrastructure than we expected, or disruptions may continue to occur while we enhance this infrastructure. Future service disruptions could hinder our ability to attract new customers, cause us to incur legal liability, contractual penalties or issue service credits to our customers and cause us to lose current customers, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Expectations relating to environmental, social and governance considerations expose the Company to potential liabilities, increased costs, reputational harm, and other adverse effects on the Company’s business. Although there has been a shift in U.S. federal policy under the current presidential administration, many governments, regulators, investors, associates, clients and other stakeholders have been and/or remain focused on environmental, social and governance considerations relating to businesses. In addition, the Company makes statements about its environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives through its corporate social responsibility report, its other non-financial reports, information provided on its website, press releases and other communications. Responding to these environmental, social and governance considerations and implementation of these goals and initiatives involves risks and uncertainties, requires capital and operating investments, and depends in part on third-party performance, or data and changing regulatory schemes that are outside the Company’s control. The Company cannot guarantee that it will achieve its announced environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives. In addition, some stakeholders may disagree with the Company’s goals and initiatives. Any failure, or perceived failure, by the Company to achieve its goals, further its initiatives, adhere to its public statements, comply with federal, state or international environmental, social and governance laws and regulations, or meet evolving and varied stakeholder expectations and standards could result in legal and regulatory proceedings against the Company and could materially adversely affect the Company’s business, ability to recruit and retain associates, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and stock price. In addition, complying or failing to comply with existing or future federal, state, local, and foreign legislation and regulations applicable to our environmental, social and governance goals and initiatives, which may conflict with one another, could cause us to incur additional compliance and operational costs or actions and suffer reputational harm, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We cannot guarantee that our stock repurchase program will enhance long-term stockholder value. Repurchases could increase the volatility of the price of our common stock and could have a negative impact on our available cash balance. In May 2025, our Board of Directors authorized a three-year stock repurchase program for up to $50 million of our common stock. Stock repurchases could have an impact on our common stock trading prices, increase the volatility of the price of our common stock, or reduce our available cash balance such that we will be required to seek financing to support our operations. There is no guarantee that the repurchase program, even if fully utilized, will enhance long-term stockholder value. Our use of artificial intelligence involves risks such as potential liability, regulatory issues, competition, and reputational damage. Artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies create specific risks that require tailored governance and review. Insufficient oversight could lead to legal liability, financial loss, and reputational harm. We use AI to sort, organize, analyze, and generate data for business purposes. AI encompasses machine learning, generative AI, and other data processing techniques. The utilization of AI, whether implemented directly by us or in collaboration with third parties, will necessitate ongoing investment in governance and security resources to help ensure our responsible use of AI and to safeguard against potential risks and vulnerabilities. As these technologies evolve, some services and tasks currently performed by our associates may be replaced by automation, including AI-enabled solutions, which could lead to reduced demand for our services and/or reduce the required headcount for us to provide services. The use of AI carries considerable risks, and we cannot guarantee the achievement of intended outcomes. While we aim to CNDT 2025 Annual Report 18 Table of Contents develop and use AI responsibly and attempt to identify and mitigate ethical and legal issues presented by its use, we may be unsuccessful in identifying or resolving issues before they arise. As an evolving technology, AI may occasionally produce incomplete or misleading results. Despite training and risk management efforts, there is a possibility that employees might misuse AI, either intentionally or unintentionally. Should our AI generate suboptimal or contentious outcomes, or if public perception of AI shifts negatively due to perceived risks, we may encounter operational challenges, competitive disadvantages, legal liabilities, reputational harm, or other business impacts. AI-related legal and regulatory frameworks are evolving due to concerns about bias, discrimination, transparency, and security. The use of AI technologies involves issues associated with intellectual property, data privacy, consumer protection, competition, and equal opportunity, with potential for new regulations. Several jurisdictions where we operate are considering or have proposed or enacted legislation and policies regulating AI and non-personal data, such as the European Union’s AI Act and the U.S.’s Executive Orders and U.S. state laws, some of which may be conflicting. New or expanded AI laws could raise compliance costs and pose unpredictable risks, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Legal, Compliance and Data Security Risks We are subject to laws of the United States and foreign jurisdictions relating to individually identifiable information and personal health information, and failure to comply with those laws, whether or not inadvertent, could subject us to legal actions and negatively impact our operations. We receive, process, transmit and store information relating to identifiable individuals, both in our role as a service provider and as an employer. As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations in the United States (both federal and state) and foreign laws and regulations designed to protect both individually identifiable information and personal health information, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended ("HIPAA"), and the regulations promulgated under HIPPA governing, among other things, the privacy, security and electronic transmission of individually identifiable health information, various state privacy laws, and the European Union General Data Protection Regulation ("GDPR"), which imposes stringent data protection requirements and significant penalties for non-compliance and has had a significant impact on how we process and handle certain data. Additional laws of the United States (both federal and state) and foreign jurisdictions apply to our processing of individually identifiable information. These laws have been subject to frequent changes, and new legislation in this area may be enacted at any time. For example, the GDPR and the invalidation of the U.S.-EU Safe Harbor regime have required us to implement alternative mechanisms for some of our data flows from Europe to the United States to comply with applicable law. Changes to existing laws, the introduction of new laws in this area or our failure to comply with existing laws that are applicable to us may subject us to, among other things, additional costs or changes to our business practices, liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity, restrictions on our ability to obtain and process information and allegations by our customers and clients that we have not performed our contractual obligations, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to laws of the United States and foreign jurisdictions relating to processing certain financial transactions, including payment card transactions and debit or credit card transactions, and failure to comply with those laws, whether or not inadvertent, could subject us to legal actions and materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We process, support and execute financial transactions, and disburse funds, on behalf of both government and commercial customers, often in partnership with financial institutions. This activity includes receiving debit and credit card information, processing payments for and due to our customers and disbursing funds on payment or debit cards to payees of our customers. As a result, we are subject to numerous laws and regulations in the United States (both federal and state) and in foreign jurisdictions, including the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, as amended, the Currency and Foreign Transactions Reporting Act of 1970 (commonly known as the "Bank Secrecy Act"), as amended, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (including the so-called Durbin Amendment), as amended, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (also known as the "Financial Modernization Act of 1999"), as amended, and the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 ("USA PATRIOT ACT"), as amended. Other United States (both federal and state) and foreign jurisdiction laws apply to our processing of certain financial transactions and related support services. These laws are subject to frequent changes, and new statutes and regulations in this area may be enacted at any time. Changes to existing laws, the introduction of new laws in this area or our failure to comply with existing laws CNDT 2025 Annual Report 19 Table of Contents that are applicable to us may subject us to, among other things, additional costs or changes to our business practices, liability for monetary damages, fines and civil and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity, restrictions on our ability to process and support financial transactions and allegations by our customers, partners and clients that we have not performed our contractual obligations. Any of these could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our data systems, information systems and network infrastructure have been, and may in the future be, subject to hacking or other cybersecurity threats and other service interruptions, which could expose us to liability, impair our reputation or temporarily render us unable to fulfill our service obligations under our contracts. As a leader in business process solutions, we leverage cloud computing, AI, machine learning and advanced analytics. We act as a trusted business partner in both front-office and back-office platforms, providing interactions on a substantial scale with our customers and other third-parties. Our customers include global commercial clients and government clients who depend upon our operational efficiency, non-interruption of service, and accuracy and security of information. We also use third-party providers such as subcontractors, software vendors, utility providers and network providers, upon whom we rely to support our business process solutions, to deliver uninterrupted, secure service. As part of our business process solutions, we also develop system software platforms necessary to support our customers’ needs, with significant ongoing investment in developing and operating customer-appropriate operating systems, databases and system software solutions. We also receive, process, transmit and store substantial volumes of information relating to identifiable individuals, both in our role as a solution provider and as an employer, and we are subject to numerous laws, rules and regulations in the United States (both federal and state) and foreign jurisdictions designed to protect both individually identifiable information as well as personal health information. We also receive, process and implement financial transactions, and disburse funds, on behalf of both commercial and government customers, which activity includes receiving debit and credit card information to process payments due to our customers as well as disbursing funds to payees of our customers. As a result of these and other business process solutions, the integrity, security, accuracy and non-interruption of our systems and information technology and that of our third-party providers and our interfaces with our customers are extremely important to our business, operating results, growth, prospects and reputation. We have in the past been, and remain, susceptible to breach of security systems which may result and has resulted in unauthorized access to our facilities and those of our customers and/or access to and exfiltration of the information we and our customers are trying to protect. Cybersecurity failure might be caused by computer hacking, compromised credentials, malware, computer viruses, worms, trojans, ransomware and other destructive software, “cyber-attacks” and other malicious activity, as well as natural disasters, power outages, terrorist attacks and similar events. Operational or business delays may also result from the disruption of network or information systems and subsequent remediation activities. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access are constantly changing and becoming increasingly more sophisticated and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we or our third-party service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement sufficient preventative measures. Unauthorized access, hacking, malware, phishing, viruses, worms, trojans, ransomware and other “cyber-attacks” have become more prevalent, have occurred in our systems in the past, and may occur in our systems in the future. Our cyber practices and cybersecurity systems may prove to be inadequate and result in the disruption, failure, misappropriation or corruption of our network and information systems and it may not be possible for us to fully or timely know if or when such incidents arise, or the full business impact of any cybersecurity breach. Additionally, with advances in computer capabilities and data protection requirements to address ongoing threats, we may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against potential security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by security breaches. Moreover, employee error or malfeasance, faulty password management or other irregularities may result in a defeat of our or our third-party service providers’ security measures and a breach of our or our third-party service providers’ information systems (whether digital, cloud-based or otherwise). In addition, the increased use of employee-owned devices for communications as well as work-from-home arrangements, present additional operational risks to our information technology systems, including, but not limited to, increased risks of cyber-attacks. We have in the past experienced, and in the future could experience, an unauthorized party gaining physical access to one of our or one of our third-party service providers’ facilities or gain electronic access to our or one of our third-party service providers’ information systems. For example, on January 13, 2025, the Company experienced an operational disruption and learned that a threat actor gained unauthorized access to a limited portion of the CNDT 2025 Annual Report 20 Table of Contents Company’s environment and exfiltrated a set of files associated with a subset of the Company’s clients. For additional information, refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation – “Cyber Event” in Part II, Item 7 to this 10-K and Note 15 – Contingencies and Litigation to our Consolidated Financial Statements of Part II, Item 8 to this 10-K. This and any other such access could result in, among other things, unfavorable publicity and significant damage to our brand, governmental inquiry, oversight and possible regulatory action, difficulty in marketing our services, loss of existing and potential customers, allegations by our customers that we have not performed our contractual obligations, costs for contractual service level requirements or other financial impact experienced by customers, litigation by affected parties and possible financial obligations for substantial damages related to the theft or misuse of such information, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Similar consequences may arise if sensitive or confidential information is misdirected, lost or stolen during transmission or transport, or is stolen or misused. Moreover, security breaches have and could require us to devote significant management resources to address the problems created by the security breach and to expend significant additional resources to upgrade further the security measures that we employ to guard such personal information against "cyber-attacks" and to maintain various systems and data centers for our customers. Often these systems and data centers must be maintained worldwide and on a 24/7 basis. We have in the past experienced and in the future could experience service interruptions that could result in curtailed operations and loss of existing and potential customers, which could significantly reduce our revenues and profits in addition to significantly impairing our reputation. If our information systems and our back-up systems are damaged, breached or cease to function properly, we may have to make a significant investment to repair or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim, each of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our and our customers’ systems and networks are subject to continued threats of terrorism, which could disrupt our operations as well as disrupt the utilities and telecommunications infrastructure on which our business depends. To the extent any such disruptions were to occur, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In addition, our liability insurance, which includes cyber insurance, might not be sufficient in type or amount to cover us, or the carrier may decline to cover us, against claims related to security incidents, cyberattacks and other related incidents. If we fail to meet industry data security standards, our ability to meet contractual obligations may be impaired and result in contractual damage or contract breach claims. In some of our services lines, we are contractually subject to industry data security standards. These industry data security standards include Card Brand (Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover and JCB) operating rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers, including the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ("PCI DSS"), a data security standard applicable to companies that collect, store or transmit payment card data. Another industry standard is the Health Information Trust Alliance ("HITRUST") which applies to aspects of the healthcare industry in addition to other industries. In the future we may not be able to maintain compliance with PCI DSS, HITRUST and other applicable industry standards. Any failure to comply fully or materially with PCI DSS, HITRUST and other applicable industry standards now or at any point in the future may provide customers the right to terminate contracts with us or to enforce provisions obligating us to reimburse them for any penalties or costs incurred by them as a result of our non-compliance, or subject us to other fines, penalties, damages or civil liability, each of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by legal and regulatory matters. We are potentially subject to various contingent liabilities that are not reflected on our balance sheet, including those arising as a result of being involved in a variety of claims, lawsuits, investigations and proceedings concerning: securities laws; governmental and non-governmental entity contracting, servicing and governmental entity procurement laws; intellectual property laws; environmental laws; employment laws; the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ("ERISA"); cyber-security and data privacy laws; and other laws, regulations and contractual undertakings, as discussed under Note 15 – Contingencies and Litigation to the Consolidated Financial Statements. If developments in any of these matters cause a change in our determination as to an unfavorable outcome and result in the need to recognize a material accrual or materially increase an existing accrual, or if any of these matters result in an adverse judgment or are settled for significant amounts above any existing accruals, it could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition in the period or periods in which such change in determination, judgment or settlement occurs. There can be no assurances as to the favorable CNDT 2025 Annual Report 21 Table of Contents outcome of any claim, lawsuit, investigation or proceeding. It is possible that a resolution of one or more such proceedings, through judgment, settlement or otherwise, could require us to make substantial payments to satisfy judgments, fines or penalties or settlement amounts, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, the terms of dismissal, settlement, release or other resolution may permit certain claims to be reopened under certain conditions. Claims, lawsuits investigations and proceedings involving the Company could also result in reputational harm, criminal sanctions, consent decrees or orders preventing us from offering certain services, requiring a change in our business practices in costly ways or requiring development of non-infringing or otherwise altered products or technologies, or make it more difficult to obtain adequate insurance in the future. In addition, it can be very costly to defend litigation and these costs could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Refer to Note 15 – Contingencies and Litigation to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Our insurance does not cover all types and amounts of potential liabilities and is subject to various exclusions as well as caps on amounts recoverable. Even if we believe a claim is covered by insurance, insurers may dispute our entitlement to recovery for a variety of potential reasons, which may affect the timing and, if they prevail, the amount of our recovery. We have made and may continue to make divestitures, as well as acquisitions, investments and joint ventures, all of which involve numerous risks and uncertainties. We have divested and may in the future divest certain assets or businesses, including businesses that are no longer a part of our ongoing strategic plan. Divestitures require a significant investment of time and resources and involve significant risks and uncertainties, including: • inability to find potential buyers on favorable terms; • failure to effectively transfer liabilities, contracts, facilities and employees to buyers; • requirements that we retain or indemnify buyers against certain liabilities and obligations; • the possibility that we will become subject to third-party claims arising out of such divestiture; • challenges in identifying and separating the intellectual property, systems and data to be divested from the intellectual property, systems and data that we wish to retain; • inability to reduce fixed costs previously associated with the divested assets or business; • challenges in collecting the proceeds from any divestiture; • disruption of our ongoing business and distraction of management; • loss of key employees who leave us as a result of a divestiture; and • if customers or partners of the divested business do not receive the same level of service from the new owners, or the new owners do not handle the customer data with the same level of care, our other businesses may be adversely affected, to the extent that these customers or partners also purchase other products offered by us or otherwise conduct business with our retained business. Divestitures may result in losses on disposal or continued financial involvement in the divested business, including through indemnification, guarantee or other financial arrangements, for a period of time following the transaction, which would adversely affect our financial results. Refer to Note 4 – Divestitures to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our divestitures. Additionally, we may selectively pursue strategic acquisitions, investments and joint ventures. We also may enter into relationships with other businesses to expand our products or our ability to provide services. Acquisitions, investments and joint ventures similarly pose a number of risks and potential disruptions that could adversely affect our reputation, operations or financial results, including: expansion into new markets and business ventures; the diversion of management’s attention to the acquisition and integration of acquired operations and personnel; being bound by acquired customer or vendor contracts with unfavorable terms; and potential adverse effects on a company’s operating results for various reasons, including, but not limited to, the following items: the inability to achieve financial targets; the inability to achieve certain integration expectations, operating goals, and synergies; costs incurred to exit current or acquired contracts or restructuring activities; costs incurred to service acquisition debt, if any; and the amortization or impairment of acquired intangible assets. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 22 Table of Contents Financial Risks We have recorded significant goodwill impairment charges and may be required to record additional charges to future earnings if our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired. We are required under generally accepted accounting principles to review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our intangible assets and/or goodwill may not be recoverable include a decline in stock price and market capitalization, slower growth rates in our industry or our own operations, and/or other materially adverse events that have implications on the profitability of our business or business segments. We may be required to record additional charges to earnings during the period in which any impairment of our goodwill or other intangible assets is determined which could adversely impact our results of operations. As of December 31, 2025, our goodwill balance, related exclusively to our Government segment, was $617 million, which represented 25.7% of total consolidated assets. Refer to Note 7 – Goodwill to our Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about our goodwill impairments. Our significant indebtedness could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We have and will continue to have a significant amount of debt and other obligations. Our substantial debt and other obligations could have important consequences. For example, it could (i) increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; (ii) limit our ability to obtain additional financing for future working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate requirements; (iii) require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations to service debt and other obligations thereby reducing the availability of our cash flows from operations for other purposes; (iv) limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our businesses and the industries in which we operate; (v) place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and (vi) become due and payable upon a change in control. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, these related risks could increase. Our ability to make payments on and to refinance our indebtedness, as well as any future debt that we may incur, will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future from operations, financings or asset sales. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. The terms of our indebtedness may restrict our current and future operations, particularly our ability to incur debt that we may need to fund initiatives in response to changes in our business, the industries in which we operate, the economy and governmental regulations. The terms of our indebtedness include several restrictive covenants that impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us and our subsidiaries and limit our ability to engage in actions that may be in our long-term best interests. These may restrict our and our subsidiaries’ ability to take some or all the following actions: • incur or guarantee additional indebtedness or sell disqualified or preferred stock; • pay dividends on, make distributions in respect of, repurchase or redeem capital stock; • make investments or acquisitions; • sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of certain assets; • create liens; • enter sale/leaseback transactions; • enter agreements restricting the ability to pay dividends or make other intercompany transfers; • consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our or our subsidiaries’ assets; • enter transactions with affiliates; • prepay, repurchase or redeem certain kinds of indebtedness; CNDT 2025 Annual Report 23 Table of Contents • issue or sell stock of our subsidiaries; and/or • significantly change the nature of our business. As a result of all these restrictions, we may be: • limited in how we conduct our business and pursue our strategy; • unable to raise additional debt financing to operate during general economic or business downturns; or • unable to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. A breach of any of the restrictive covenants, if applicable, could result in an event of default under the terms of this indebtedness. If an event of default occurs, the lenders would have the right to accelerate the repayment of such debt and the event of default or acceleration may result in the acceleration of the repayment of any other of our debt to which a cross-default or cross-acceleration provision applies. Furthermore, under this indebtedness we have pledged our assets as collateral as security for our repayment obligations. If we were unable to repay any amount of this indebtedness when due and payable, the lenders could proceed against the collateral that secures this indebtedness. In the event our creditors accelerate the repayment of our borrowings, we may not have sufficient assets to repay such indebtedness, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. The failure to obtain or maintain a satisfactory credit rating and financial performance, or the requirement to post collateral for any of our business guarantees, could adversely affect our liquidity, capital position, borrowing costs, access to capital markets and our need or ability to post surety or performance bonds to support clients’ contracts. Any future downgrades to our credit rating or perceived or actual weakness in our financial performance could negatively impact our ability to renew contracts with our existing clients and vendors, limit our ability to compete for new clients, result in increased premiums for surety or performance bonds and letters of credit to support our clients’ contracts, reduce our ability to obtain surety bonds, performance bonds and letters of credit and/or result in a requirement that we provide collateral to secure our surety or performance bonds and letters of credit. These instruments are generally issued by insurance companies or other financial institutions and typically include provisions that allow the issuer, in its discretion, to require us to post collateral. Collateral demands may be based on factors outside our control—including the issuer’s internal risk assessments, changes in market conditions, or their evaluation of our financial position—and may occur with little or no advance notice. Any such requirement could exceed our available liquidity or require us to divert capital from other operational or strategic uses. If we are unable to satisfy a collateral demand, the issuer may take actions that could impair our ability to continue performing under the related contracts, which could harm our reputation, restrict our ability to bid on future work or result in financial penalties. Any significant collateral demand, individually or in the aggregate, could materially adversely affect our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. Refer to Note 15 – Contingencies and Litigation to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Further, certain of our commercial outsourcing contracts provide that, in the event our credit ratings are downgraded to specified levels, the client may elect to terminate its contract with us and either pay a reduced termination fee or, in some limited instances, no termination fee. Such a credit rating downgrade or perceived or actual weakness in our financial performance could adversely affect these client relationships. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our credit ratings or financial performance. Any additional actual or anticipated downgrades of our credit ratings, including any announcement that our ratings are under review for a downgrade, or perceived or actual weak financial performance may have a negative impact on our liquidity, capital position, access to capital markets and ability to obtain surety bonds, performance bonds and letters of credit sufficient to support our existing and future business needs, and may also increase the likelihood or magnitude of collateral demands under our business guarantees. Our profitability is dependent upon our ability to obtain adequate pricing for our services and to improve our cost structure. Our success depends on our ability to obtain adequate pricing for our services that will provide a reasonable return to our shareholders. Depending on competitive market factors, future prices we obtain for our services may decline from previous levels. If we are unable to obtain adequate pricing for our services, it could materially adversely affect CNDT 2025 Annual Report 24 Table of Contents our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, our contracts are increasingly requiring tighter timelines for implementation as well as more stringent service level metrics. This makes the bidding process for new contracts much more difficult and requires us to adequately consider these requirements in the pricing of our services. To meet the service requirements of our customers, which often includes 24/7 service, and to optimize our employee cost base, including our back-office support, we often locate our delivery service and back-office support centers in lower-cost locations, including several developing countries. Concentrating our centers in these locations presents several operational risks, many of which are beyond our control, including the risks of political instability, natural disasters, safety and security risks, labor disruptions, excessive employee turnover and rising labor rates. Additionally, a change in the political environment in the United States or the adoption and enforcement of legislation and regulations curbing the use of such centers outside of the United States could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. These risks could impair our ability to effectively provide services to our customers and keep our costs aligned to our associated revenues and market requirements. Our ability to sustain and improve profit margins is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to continue to improve the cost efficiency of our operations through such programs as robotic process automation, to absorb the level of pricing pressures on our services through cost improvements, our ability to hire and retain employees in the current global labor markets and to successfully complete information technology initiatives. If any of these factors adversely materialize or if we are unable to achieve and maintain productivity improvements through restructuring actions or information technology initiatives, our ability to offset labor cost inflation and competitive price pressures would be impaired, each of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. If we are unable to collect our receivables for billed or unbilled services, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. The profitability of certain of our large contracts depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our clients of the amounts they owe us for work performed. Actual losses on client balances could differ from current estimates and, as a result, may require adjustment of our receivables for unbilled services. Our receivables include long-term contracts. Over the course of a long-term contract, our customers’ financial condition may change such that their ability to pay their obligations, and our ability to collect our fees for services rendered, is adversely affected. Additionally, we may perform work for the federal, state and local governments, with respect to which we must file requests for equitable adjustment or claims with the proper agency to seek recovery in whole or in part, for out-of-scope work directed or caused by the government customer in support of its project, and the amounts of such recoveries may not meet our expectations or cover our costs. Timely collection of client balances also depends on our ability to complete our contractual commitments (such as our ability to achieve specified milestones in percentage-of-completion contracts) and bill and collect our contracted revenues. If we are unable to meet our contractual requirements, we might experience delays in collection of and/or be unable to collect our client balances, and if this occurs, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, if we experience an increase in the time to bill and collect for our services, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. A decline in revenues from or a loss or failure of significant clients could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by the loss or failure of significant clients or any significant reduction in revenue volumes from our significant clients, which has occurred in the past and could occur in the future. Some of our clients are in business sectors which have experienced significant financial difficulties or consolidation, and/or the reduction of volumes or their inability to make payments to us, as a result of, among other things, their merger or acquisition, divestiture of assets or businesses, contract expiration, nonrenewal or early termination (including termination for convenience) or business or financial failure or deterioration. Economic and political conditions could affect our clients’ businesses and the markets they serve. The loss of significant clients or a significant reduction in volume from our significant clients as a result of these or other reasons would materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 25 Table of Contents We have non-recurring revenue, which subjects us to a risk that our revenues and cash flows from operations may fluctuate from period to period. Revenue generated from our non-recurring services may fluctuate due to factors both within and outside of our control. Our mix of non-recurring and recurring revenues is impacted by acquisitions as well as growth in our non-recurring lines of business, as well as our strategic decisions to exit or reduce our services in particular service areas. There is less predictability and certainty in the timing and amount of revenues generated by our non-recurring services and, accordingly, our results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by the timing and amount of revenues generated from our non-recurring services. Increases in the cost of voice and data services or significant interruptions in such services could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our business is significantly dependent on voice and data services provided by various communication and data service providers around the world. Accordingly, any disruption of these services could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Any inability to obtain voice or data services at favorable rates could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Where possible, we have entered into long term contracts with various providers to have price certainty and avoid short term rate increases and fluctuations. There is no obligation for our vendors to renew their long-term contracts with us, or to offer the same or lower rates in the future, and such contracts are subject to termination or modification for various reasons outside of our control. A significant increase in the cost of voice or data services that is not recoverable through an increase in the price of our services could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, a number of our facilities are located in jurisdictions outside of the United States where the provision of utility services, including electricity and water, may not be consistently reliable, and an extended outage of utility or network services could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. We are a holding company and, therefore, may not be able to receive dividends or other payments in needed amounts from our subsidiaries. Our principal assets are the shares of capital stock and indebtedness of our subsidiaries. We rely on dividends, interest and other payments from these subsidiaries to meet our obligations for paying principal and interest on outstanding debt obligations, paying corporate expenses and, if determined by our Board of Directors, paying dividends to shareholders and repurchasing common shares. Certain of our subsidiaries are subject to regulatory requirements of the jurisdictions in which they operate or other restrictions that may limit the amounts that these subsidiaries can pay in dividends or other payments to us. No assurance can be given that there will not be further changes in law, regulatory actions or other circumstances that could restrict the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us. In addition, due to differences in tax rates, repatriation of funds from certain countries into the United States could have unfavorable tax ramifications for us. We operate globally and changes in tax laws could adversely affect our results. We monitor U.S. and non-U.S. tax law changes that may adversely impact our overall tax costs. From time to time, proposals have been made and/or legislation has been introduced to change tax rates, as well as related tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof, by various jurisdictions, or to limit tax treaty benefits which, if enacted or implemented, could materially increase our tax costs and/or our effective tax rate and could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we are subject to the examination of our income tax returns by the United States Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities around the world. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not have an adverse effect on our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. CNDT 2025 Annual Report 26 Table of Contents ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY MATTERS As a leader in business process solutions, we leverage cloud computing, AI, machine learning, automation and advanced analytics, our systems and information technology, and that of our third-party providers, and our interfaces with our customers are critical to our business, operating results, growth, prospects and reputation. We act as a trusted business partner in providing both front-office and back-office platforms. As part of our business process outsourcing solutions, we develop system software platforms necessary to support our customers’ needs, with significant ongoing investment in developing and operating customer-appropriate operating systems, databases, and system software solutions. We also receive, process, transmit, and store substantial volumes of personal information relating to identifiable individuals. Additionally, we receive, process, and implement financial transactions and disburse funds on behalf of both commercial and government customers. We devote significant resources to cybersecurity and cybersecurity risk management processes to adapt to the changing cybersecurity landscape and to respond to emerging threats. We maintain a cybersecurity risk management program to assess, identify, manage, mitigate, and respond to material risks from cybersecurity threats to both our corporate information technology environment and customer-facing products. These processes are integrated into our overall Enterprise Risk Management (“ERM”) program, which is designed to strengthen our risk management capabilities by developing and implementing a governance structure, risk management framework, and processes that enable the identification, assessment, monitoring, and management of risks. The underlying controls of our cybersecurity risk management program are based upon industry standards for cybersecurity and information technology. Our corporate information technology environment aligns with the Center for Internet Security ("CIS") Critical Security Controls (“CSC”). Our systems that manage customer-facing products, where appropriate and contractually required, are certified/attested to applicable security standards, including, without limitation, National Institute of Standards and Technology ("NIST") (NIST Special Publication 800-53 rev 5 moderate baseline), Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard ("PCI-DSS"), Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ("HIPAA"), International Organization for Standardization ("ISO"), the International Electrotechnical Commission ("IEC") Standard (ISO/IEC 27001:2013 & ISO 9001:2015), and Systems and Organization Controls ("SOC") 2 standards. Our policies and procedures concerning cybersecurity matters include processes to safeguard our information systems, monitor these systems, protect the confidentiality and integrity of our data, train and raise awareness of cybersecurity threats among employees, detect intrusions into our systems, and respond to cybersecurity incidents. As part of our overall risk management strategy, we leverage a defense in depth philosophy, which includes, but is not limited to, additional end-user training, layered technology defenses, identifying and protecting critical assets, strengthening monitoring and warning systems, and engaging industry and subject matter experts. We regularly test defenses by performing simulations and exercises at both a technical level and by reviewing our operational policies and procedures with third-party experts. At the management level, our cybersecurity team regularly monitors alerts and meets to discuss industry threats, trends, and remediation tactics. The cybersecurity team also regularly prepares a cyber update that includes metrics and compliance performance, incorporating data on cybersecurity threats and risks, which it uses to assess and refine Conduent's overall security posture. Furthermore, we receive cybersecurity alerts and threat intelligence from our peers, government agencies, information sharing and analysis centers and cybersecurity associations, as well as conduct periodic external penetration tests and gap testing to assess our processes and procedures and the ever-changing threat landscape. We have created and continually update, as required, a detailed incident response plan, which outlines the steps to be followed from incident detection to eradication, recovery and notification, and which we implement in the event of a cybersecurity incident. We also engage third parties and cybersecurity consultants on a regular basis to assess, test, and assist with the implementation of our risk management strategies, policies and procedures to enhance our detection, response and management of cybersecurity risks and compliance frameworks, including but not limited to, consultants who assist with risk assessment, third parties who assist with our PCI-DSS compliance assessments, and auditors who audit our systems to ensure adherence to the relevant standard under evaluation. We rely on a variety of security software, including cloud-based technology to scan and analyze for vulnerable software or misconfigurations, for our operations and our business processing solutions. These systems are either developed by us or licensed from or maintained by third-party providers. We assess key third-party cybersecurity controls through a cybersecurity questionnaire, require the implementation of certain security controls in our CNDT 2025 Annual Report 27 Table of Contents contracts where applicable, monitor the third party, and maintain the ability to discontinue our engagement with a key vendor if its cybersecurity posture fails to meet pre-established standards. Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) maintains oversight responsibility for our ERM program. This oversight is facilitated primarily through the Risk Oversight Committee of the Board (the “Risk Committee”), which reviews the ERM program, related assessments and remediation activities for subsequent review by the Board . As part of its ERM oversight responsibilities, the Risk Committee is responsible for oversight of the Company’s cybersecurity risk management, including the Company’s material programs, policies and safeguards for information security, cybersecurity and data security. At least quarterly (and more frequently as required), the Risk Committee and Audit Committee meet with management, including the Chief Information Security Officer (the “CISO”) , to discuss, assess and determine the allocation of resources to risk matters, including cybersecurity risks, which enables effective integration of risk practices into strategic planning and enterprise decision-making. The Risk Committee works with the CISO and the Company’s senior executives in reviewing the cybersecurity risks and strategy, provides guidance on the Company’s cybersecurity goals and objectives, and monitors the information it receives from management regarding the assessment and management of cybersecurity risk. The Risk Committee also conducts an annual review that includes a survey of enhancements to the Company’s defenses as well as management's progress in implementing the Company's cybersecurity strategic roadmap and compliance initiatives. The Company’s CISO, a Certified Information Systems Professional with over 15 years of technical and cybersecurity leadership in large multinational organizations, reports to our Executive Vice President, Chief Information Officer and is responsible for assessing, implementing, and managing the Company’s cybersecurity risk management program, informing senior management regarding the prevention, detection, mitigation and remediation of cybersecurity incidents, as well as supervising such efforts. The CISO approves cybersecurity policies and procedures, implementation of controls, monitoring and detection programs and employee training on cybersecurity risks. The CISO also reports cybersecurity risks and strategies directly to executive leadership. In addition, the Company has implemented an Incident Response Materiality Assessment Committee (“IRMAC”), which consists of members from the Senior Leadership Team and is responsible for assessing the materiality of a cybersecurity incident referred to it by the Cybersecurity Incident Response Team (“CSIRT”) . Procedures exist to ensure the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors, and if appropriate, the full Board of Directors is notified about cybersecurity incidents being assessed by the IRMAC. As noted above, we face a number of cybersecurity risks in connection with our business and, from time to time, experience or are subject to a variety of cybersecurity incidents that arise during the ordinary course of our business, such as the previously disclosed January 2025 Cyber Event (for additional information, refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation – “Cyber Event” in Part II, Item 7 to this 10-K and Note 15 – Contingencies and Litigation to our Consolidated Financial Statements of Part II, Item 8 to this 10-K). As of the date of this report, apart from the January 2025 Cyber Event (for which we maintain a liability on the Consolidated Balance Sheet for our expected remaining cash outlay), we do not believe that any risks from cybersecurity threats, including because of any known cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company. New information discovered after the date of this report concerning any known cybersecurity incidents that have occurred prior to the date of this report, however, could change our current belief and could result in a material adverse effect on our business strategy, results of operations, reputation or financial condition. In addition, future cybersecurity incidents could materially affect our strategy, results of operations, reputation or financial condition. See

