TICKER: CVV
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions. For
these and other reasons, demand for our products may fluctuate significantly and, consequently, our results of operations for past periods
may not necessarily be indicative of future operating results. Our
business might be adversely affected by our dependence on foreign business. Because
a material portion of our revenues are traditionally derived from international customers, our operating results could be negatively
affected by a decline in the economies of any of the countries or regions in which we do business. Each region can exhibit unique characteristics,
which can cause capital equipment investment patterns to vary significantly from period to period. Periodic local or international economic
downturns, trade balance issues and political instability including trade disruptions and the imposition of tariffs, as well as fluctuations
in interest and currency exchange rates. Any significant increases in tariffs on a broad array of goods, could negatively affect our
business and results of operations. The
majority of our sales to date have been primarily priced in U.S. dollars. While our business has not been materially affected in the
past by currency fluctuations, there is a risk that it may be materially adversely affected in the future. Such risks include possible
losses due to both currency exchange rate fluctuations and from possible social and political instability. United
States trade policies that restrict imports or increase import tariffs may have a material adverse effect on our business. There
have been significant changes and proposed changes in recent years to U.S. trade policies, tariffs, and treaties affecting imports. Any
significant increases in tariffs on a broad array of important goods, could negatively affect our business and results of operations. In
response to the tariffs announced by the U.S., China and other countries have imposed or proposed additional tariffs on certain exports
from the United States. There is current uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and other countries with
respect to trade policies, taxes, government regulations, and tariffs and we cannot predict whether, and to what extent, U.S. trade policies
will change in the future. A significant proportion of our materials and components are manufactured in China and other regions outside
of the United States. Accordingly, such U.S. policy changes have made it and may continue to make it difficult or more expensive for
us to obtain certain products manufactured outside the United States, which could affect our revenue and profitability. Any of these
factors could depress economic activity and restrict our access to suppliers or customers and could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 15 Our
reputation and operating performance may be negatively affected if our products are not timely delivered. We
provide complex products that often require substantial lead-time for design, ordering parts and materials, and for assembly and installation.
The time required to design, order parts and materials and to manufacture, assemble and install our products may in turn lead to delays
or shortages in the availability of some products. If a product is delayed or is the subject of shortage because of problems with our
ability to design, manufacture or assemble the product on a timely basis, obtain necessary materials and components, or if a product
or software otherwise fails to meet performance criteria, we may lose revenue opportunities entirely, or experience delays in revenue
recognition associated with a product or service. In addition, we may incur higher operating expenses during the period required to correct
the problem. We
may not be able to keep pace with the rapid change in the technology we use in our products. We
believe that our continued success in the markets in which we operate depends, in part, on our ability to continually improve existing
technologies and to develop and manufacture new products and product enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis. We must be able
to introduce these products and product enhancements into the market in a timely manner, in response to customers’ demands for
higher-performance research and assembly equipment, customized to address rapid technological advances in capital equipment designs. Technological
innovations are inherently complex and require long development cycles and appropriate professional staffing. Our future business success
depends on our ability to develop and introduce new products, or new uses for existing products that successfully address changing customer
needs. Our success also depends on our ability to achieve market acceptance of our new products. To maintain our success in the marketplace,
we may have to substantially increase our expenditure on research and development. If we do not develop and introduce new products, technologies
or uses for existing products in a timely manner and continually find ways to reduce the cost of developing and producing them in response
to changing market conditions or customer requirements, our business could be seriously harmed. We
face significant competition, and we are relatively small in size and have fewer resources in comparison with many of our competitors. We
face significant competition throughout the world, which may increase as certain markets in which we operate continue to evolve. Our
future performance depends, in part, upon our ability to continue to compete successfully worldwide. Some of our competitors are diversified
companies that have substantially greater financial resources and more extensive research, engineering, manufacturing, marketing and
customer service and support capabilities than we can provide. We face competition from companies whose strategy is to provide a broad
array of products, some of which compete with the products and services that we offer, as well as companies, universities and research
laboratories that have the capacity to design and build their own equipment internally. These competitors may bundle their products and
services in a manner that may discourage customers from purchasing our products. In addition, we face competition from smaller emerging
processing equipment companies, whose strategy is to provide a portion of the products and services that we offer at often lower prices
than ours, using innovative technology to sell products into specialized markets. Loss of competitive position could impair our prices,
customer orders, revenue, gross margin, and market share, any of which would negatively affect our financial position and results of
operations. Our failure to compete successfully with these other companies would seriously harm our business. There is a risk that larger,
better financed competitors will develop and market more advanced products than those we currently offer, or that competitors with greater
financial resources may decrease prices, thereby putting us under financial pressure. 16 Risks
Related to Manufacturing and Supply Chain Manufacturing
interruptions or delays could affect our ability to meet customer demand and lead to higher costs, while the failure to accurately estimate
customer demand could result in excess or obsolete inventory. Our
business depends on timely supply of equipment, services and related products that meet the rapidly changing technical and volume requirements
of our customers. Some key parts to our products are subject to long lead-times and/or obtainable only from a single supplier or limited
group of suppliers. Cyclical industry conditions and the volatility of demand for manufacturing equipment increase capital, technical,
operational and other risks for us and for companies throughout our supply chain. Further, these conditions may cause some suppliers
to scale back operations, exit businesses, merge with other companies, or file for bankruptcy protection and possibly cease operations.
We have also experienced and continue to experience significant disruptions in our supply chain, resulting in delays and higher costs
to procure certain components and materials that we utilize in our business. We
may also experience significant interruptions of our manufacturing operations, delays in our ability to deliver products or services,
increased costs or customer order cancellations as a result of: ● The
    failure or inability of suppliers to timely deliver sufficient quantities of quality parts on a cost-effective basis; ● Volatility
    in the availability and cost of materials, including rare earth elements; ● Difficulties
    or delays in obtaining required import or export approvals; ● Information
    technology or infrastructure failures; and ● Natural
    disasters or other events beyond our control (such as earthquakes, floods or storms, regional economic downturns, pandemics, social
    unrest, political instability, terrorism, or acts of war). If
a supplier fails to meet our requirements concerning quality, cost, or other performance factors, we may transfer our business to alternative
sources, which could entail manufacturing delays, additional costs, or other difficulties. In addition, if we need to rapidly increase
our business and manufacturing capacity to meet increases in demand or expedited shipment schedules, this may exacerbate any interruptions
in our manufacturing operations and supply chain and the associated effect on our working capital. Supply
chain delays and cost increases that may adversely affect our business, including potential cost increases from the imposition of tariffs. Geopolitical
developments across Europe, Asia and Middle East have and may continue to restrict our ability to procure raw materials and components
such as nickel and integrated circuits. We have experienced increased costs on certain components as well as delays in supply chain delivery,
which may also impact on our ability to recognize revenue and reduce our gross profit margins, as well as extend our manufacturing lead
times and reduce our manufacturing efficiencies. In addition, political and trade tensions have resulted in the imposition of tariffs
which may affect our supply chain and the costs of components and materials. Any significant increases in tariffs on components and materials
that we purchase could negatively affect our business and results of operations. We have begun placing orders with more lead time to
help mitigate the manufacturing delays, as well as assessing other suppliers or components to attempt to mitigate the potential cost
impacts. In addition, we are utilizing our in-house flexible manufacturing to attempt to further mitigate both potential schedule delivery
delays and material cost increase, as well as increasing sales prices. While we have taken actions to mitigate the potential negative
impacts to our revenue and profitability, there can be no assurance of the ultimate impact and the length of time that the supply chain
factors, including tariffs, may impact our revenues and profitability. 17 Inflation
has and may continue to adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Recent
global inflation has adversely affected our costs, including the cost of materials, production, and labor. As such, we have had to implement
measures to mitigate the negative impacts of inflation on our costs. As the selling prices in our customer contracts are fixed, any increase
in the cost of materials, labor and other costs as we manufacture any system would negatively impact our gross margins and results of
operations. Longstanding or increased periods of inflation could perpetuate these material adverse effects on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. If
our critical suppliers fail to deliver enough quality materials and components in a timely and cost-effective manner, it could negatively
affect our business. We
use numerous unrelated suppliers of materials and components. Due to geopolitical developments across Europe and Asia, we are experiencing
reduced availability of raw materials and components. In turn, any reduction in the availability of these materials and components may
reduce our ability to obtain sufficient amounts in a cost-effective manner. We generally do not have guaranteed supply arrangements with
our suppliers. Because of the variability and uniqueness of our customers’ orders, we try to avoid maintaining an extensive inventory
of materials and components for manufacturing. While we are not dependent on any principal or major supplier for most of our material
and component needs, switching to an alternative supplier may take significant amounts of time and added expense, which could result
in a disruption of our operations and adversely affect our business. It is not always practical or even possible to ensure that component
parts are available from multiple suppliers; accordingly, we procure some key parts from a single supplier or a limited group of suppliers.
At certain times, increases in demand for capital equipment can result in longer lead-times for many important system components, which
may cause delays in meeting shipments to our customers. The delay in the shipment of even a few systems could cause significant variations
in our quarterly revenue, operating results and the market value of our common stock. Our
manufacturing facilities in Central Islip, New York and Saugerties, New York could be affected due to multiple weather risks, including
risks to our Central Islip facility from hurricanes and similar phenomena. Our
manufacturing facilities are in Central Islip, New York and Saugerties, New York and could be affected by multiple weather risks, most
notably hurricanes for our Central Islip facility which is located on Long Island, New York. Although we carry property and casualty
insurance and business interruption insurance, future possible disruptions of operations or damage to property, plant and equipment due
to hurricanes or other weather risks could result in impaired production and affect our ability to meet our commitments to our customers
and impair important business relationships, the loss of which could adversely affect our operations and profitability. We do, however,
maintain a backup power source at our Central Islip facility. Risks
related to cybersecurity, intellectual property and regulatory compliance If
we are subject to cyberattacks, we could incur substantial costs and, if such attacks are successful, we could incur significant liabilities,
reputational harm, and disruption to our operations. We
manage, store, and transmit proprietary information and sensitive data relating to our operations. We may be subject to breaches of the
information technology systems we use for these purposes. Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our network
security and misappropriate and/or compromise our confidential information (and/or third-party confidential information), create system
disruptions, or cause shutdowns. Computer programmers and hackers also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious
software programs that attack our systems or our products, or that otherwise exploit any security vulnerabilities. 18 While
we have an active security training program for all employees during the year, utilize intrusion prevention and detection systems, as
well as hardware firewall and virus security, the costs to address the foregoing security problems and security vulnerabilities before
or after a cyber-incident could be significant. Our remediation efforts may not be successful and could result in interruptions, delays,
or cessation of service, and loss of existing or potential customers, impeding our sales, manufacturing, distribution, or other critical
functions. In addition, breaches of our security measures and the unapproved dissemination of proprietary information or sensitive data
about us, our customer, or other third parties, could expose us, our customers, or other third parties to a risk of loss or misuse of
this information, resulting in litigation and potential liability for us, damage our reputation, or otherwise harm our business. Our
financial position and results of operations may be materially harmed if we are unable to recover our investment in research and development. The
rapid change in technology in our industry requires that we continue to make substantial investments in research and development and
selective acquisitions of technologies and products, to enhance the performance and functionality of our product line, to keep pace with
competitive products and to satisfy customer demands for improved performance, features and functionality. There can be no assurance
that revenue from future products or enhancements will be sufficient to recover the development costs associated with such products,
enhancements, or acquisitions, or that we will be able to secure the financial resources necessary to fund future research and development
or acquisitions. Research and development costs are typically incurred before we confirm the technical feasibility and commercial viability
of a product, and not all development activities result in commercially viable products. In addition, we cannot ensure that products
or enhancements will receive market acceptance, or that we will be able to sell these products at prices that are favorable to us. Our
business could be seriously harmed if we are unable to sell our products at favorable prices, or if our products are not accepted by
the markets in which we operate. We
have made investments in our proprietary technologies. If third parties violate our proprietary rights, or accuse us of infringing upon
their proprietary rights, such events could result in a loss of value of some of our intellectual property or costly litigation. We
attempt to protect certain of our intellectual property rights by obtaining patent and trademark protection where we believe it is appropriate
to do so. While patent, copyright and trademark protection for our intellectual property may be important, we believe our future success
in highly dynamic markets is most dependent upon the technical competence and creative skills of our personnel. We may also attempt to
protect our trade secrets and other proprietary information through confidentiality agreements with our customers, suppliers, employees,
and consultants, and through other internal security measures. However, these employees, consultants and third parties may breach these
agreements, and we may not have adequate remedies for wrongdoing. In addition, the laws of certain territories in which we sell our products
may not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. Occasionally,
we may receive communications from other parties asserting the existence of patent rights or other intellectual property rights that
they believe cover certain of our products, processes, technologies, or information. In addition, it is possible we could have a dispute
with a customer concerning the use of intellectual property utilized in their equipment. If such cases arise, we will evaluate our position
and consider the available alternatives, which may include seeking licenses to use the technology in question on commercially reasonable
terms, developing new alternative technology or defending our position. Nevertheless, we cannot ensure that we will be able to obtain
licenses, or, if we are able to obtain licenses, which related terms will be acceptable, or that litigation or other administrative proceedings
will not occur. Defending our intellectual property rights through litigation could be very costly. If we cannot negotiate the necessary
licenses on commercially reasonable terms or successfully defend our position, our ability to utilize such intellectual property could
substantially inhibit our access to certain markets and our ability to compete in these markets which could have a material adverse effect
on our financial position and results of operations. 19 We
may be unable to obtain required export licenses for the sale of our products. Whether
with respect to sales to customers located in China or otherwise, products which (i) are manufactured in the United States, (ii) incorporate
controlled U.S. origin parts, technology, or software, or (iii) are based on U.S. technology, are subject to the U.S. Export Administration
Regulations (“EAR”) when exported to and re-exported from international jurisdictions, in addition to the local jurisdiction’s
export regulations applicable to individual shipments. Licenses or proper license exceptions may be required for the shipment of our
products to certain customers or countries. Obtaining an export license or determining whether an export license exception exists often
requires considerable effort by us and cooperation from the customer, which can add time to the order fulfillment process. We may be
unable to obtain required export licenses or qualify for export license exceptions and, as a result, we may be unable to export products
to our customers and/or meet their servicing needs. Non-compliance with the EAR or other applicable export regulations could result in
a wide range of penalties including the denial of export privileges, fines, criminal penalties, and the seizure of commodities. If an
export regulatory body determines that any of our shipments violate applicable export regulations, we could be fined significant sums
and our export capabilities could be restricted, which could have a material adverse impact on our business. Failure
to comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act could subject us to penalties and other adverse consequences. We
are subject to the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which generally prohibits United States companies from engaging in bribery
or other prohibited payments to foreign officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We have agreements with third parties
and make sales in countries known to experience corruption, extortion, bribery, pay-offs, theft, and other fraudulent practices. If our
employees or other agents are found to have engaged in such practices, we could suffer severe penalties and other consequences that may
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We
are subject to environmental regulations, and our inability or failure to comply with these regulations could adversely affect our business. We
are subject to environmental regulations in connection with our business operations, including regulations related to the development
and manufacture of our products and our customers’ use of our products. Our failure or inability to comply with existing or future
environmental regulations could result in significant remediation liabilities, the imposition of fines or the suspension or termination
of development, manufacturing, or use of certain of our products, or affect the operation of our facilities, use or value of our real
property, each of which could damage our financial position and results of operations. Regulations
related to conflict minerals will force us to incur additional expenses, may make our supply chains more complex, and may result in damage
to our relationships with customers. Under
the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, or the Dodd-Frank Act, the SEC adopted requirements for companies
that manufacture products that contain certain minerals and metals known as “conflict minerals”. These rules require public
companies to perform diligence and to report annually to the SEC whether such minerals originate from the Democratic Republic of Congo
and adjoining countries. The implementation of these requirements could adversely affect the sourcing, availability, and pricing of minerals
we use in the manufacture of our products. In addition, we have incurred and will continue to incur additional costs to comply with the
disclosure requirements, including costs related to determining the source of any of the relevant minerals used in our products. Given
the complexity of our supply chain, we may not be able to ascertain the origins of these minerals used in our products through the due
diligence procedures that we implement, which may harm our reputation. We may also face difficulties in satisfying customers who may
require that our products be certified as conflict mineral free, which could harm our relationships with these customers and lead to
a loss of revenue. These requirements could limit the pool of suppliers that can provide conflict-free minerals, and we may be unable
to obtain conflict-free minerals at competitive prices, which could increase our costs and adversely affect our manufacturing operations
and our profitability. 20 Risks
Related to Financial and Accounting Matters Volatile
demand for our products may make it difficult for us to accurately budget our expense levels, which are based in part on our projections
of future revenues. Historically,
demand for our equipment and related consumable products have been volatile because of changes in supply and demand, our ability to market
and sell our products and other factors in the manufacturing process. Our orders levels tend to be more volatile than our revenue, as
any change in demand is reflected immediately in orders booked, which are net of cancellations, while revenue, tends to be recognized
over multiple quarters because of procurement and production lead times, and the deferral of certain revenue under our revenue recognition
policies. The fiscal period in which we can recognize revenue is also at times subject to the length of time that our customers require
to evaluate the performance of our equipment. This could cause our quarterly operating results to fluctuate. When
fluctuations in our order levels and backlog result in lower-than-expected revenue levels, operating results have been and may continue
to be materially adversely affected, and cost reduction measures have been and may continue to be necessary for us to remain competitive
and financially sound. During a down cycle, we must be able to make timely adjustments to our cost and expense structure to correspond
to the prevailing market conditions. In addition, during periods of rapid growth, we must be able to increase manufacturing capacity
and the number of our personnel to meet customer demand, which may require additional liquidity. We can provide no assurance that these
objectives can be met in a timely manner in response to changes within the industry cycles in which we operate. If we fail to respond
to these cyclical changes, our business could be seriously harmed. We
do not have long-term volume production contracts with our customers, and we do not control the timing or volume of orders placed by
our customers. Whether and to what extent our customers place orders for any specific products, and the mix and quantities of products
included in those orders are factors beyond our control. Insufficient orders would result in under-utilization of our manufacturing facilities
and infrastructure and will negatively affect our financial position and results of operations. We
might require additional financing. Our
continuing operating losses may make it difficult for us to obtain financing on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If adequate
financing is not available when required on commercially reasonable terms, if at all, our business and operations may be materially and
adversely affected. In addition, we could issue additional common stock, to fund our growth initiatives and operations which could materially
dilute the ownership interests of the then existing shareholders. We
may, in the future, identify deficiencies in controls over financial reporting. While
we have concluded that, as of December 31, 2025, our disclosure and reporting controls were effective as included in Part II, Item 9A,
there can be no assurance that material weaknesses will not be identified in the future. If we do identify material weaknesses in our
internal controls over financial reporting in the future, our ability to analyze, record and report financial information free of material
misstatements, and to prepare our financial statements within the time periods specified by the rules and forms of the SEC, may likely
be adversely affected. We
have and may continue to be required to take impairment charges on assets. We
are required to assess our long-lived assets, consisting of our property, plant and equipment, for recoverability and impairment whenever
there are indicators or impairment, such as an adverse change in business climate. As
part of our long-term strategy, we have pursued acquisitions of other companies or assets, and may pursue future acquisitions of other
companies or assets which could potentially increase our assets. Adverse changes in business conditions could materially impact our estimates
of future operations and result in impairment charges to these assets. 21 If
our assets were impaired, our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Acquisitions
can result in an increase in our operating costs, divert management’s attention away from other operational matters and expose
us to other associated risks. We
evaluate potential acquisitions of businesses and technologies, and we consider targeted acquisitions that expand our core competencies
to be an important part of our future growth strategy. In the past, we have made acquisitions of other businesses with synergistic products,
services and technologies, and plan to continue to do so in the future. Acquisitions
involve numerous risks, which include but are not limited to: ● difficulties
    and increased costs in connection with the integration of the personnel, operations, technologies, services and products of the acquired
    companies into our existing facilities and operations; ● diversion
    of management’s attention from other operational matters; ● failure
    to commercialize the acquired technology; ● the
    potential loss of key employees of the acquired companies; ● lack
    of synergy, or inability to realize expected synergies, resulting from the acquisitions; ● the
    risk that the issuance of our common stock, if any, in an acquisition or merger could be dilutive to our shareholders; ● the
    inability to obtain and protect intellectual property rights in key technologies; and ● the
    acquired assets becoming impaired as a result of technological advancements or worse-than-expected performance of the acquired assets. Risks
Related to Product Liability We
face the risk of product liability claims. The
manufacture and sale of our products, which in operation sometimes involve the use of toxic materials and extreme temperatures and could
result in product liability claims. For example, our rapid thermal processing systems used to heat semiconductor materials to temperatures
more than 1000º Celsius have certain inherent risks. A failure of our products at a customer site could also result in losses due
to interruption of the business operations of our customer. While we regularly evaluate the nature and limits of our insurance coverages,
there can be no assurance that our existing policies of insurance will be adequate to protect us from all liabilities that we might incur
in connection with the manufacture and sale of our products in the event of a successful product liability claim or series of successful
claims against us. The
health and environmental effects of nanotechnology are unknown, and this uncertainty could adversely affect the expansion of our business. The
health and environmental effects of nanotechnology are unknown. There is no scientific agreement on the health effects of nanomaterials
in general and carbon nanotubes but some scientists believe that in some cases, nanomaterials may be hazardous to an individual’s
health or to the environment. The
science of nanotechnology is based on arranging atoms in such a way as to modify or build materials not made in nature; therefore, the
effects are unknown. Future research into the effects of nanomaterials in general, and carbon nanotubes, on health and environmental
issues, may have an adverse effect on products incorporating nanotechnology. Since part of our growth strategy is based on sales of research
equipment to produce carbon nanotubes and the sale of such materials, the determination that these materials are harmful could adversely
affect the expansion of our business. 22 Risks
Related to our Stock The
price of our common shares is volatile and could decline significantly. The
stock market in general and the market for technology stocks have experienced volatility. If those industry-based market fluctuations
continue, the trading price of our common shares could decline significantly independent of the overall market, and shareholders could
lose all or a substantial part of their investment. The market price of our common shares could fluctuate significantly in response to
several factors, including, among others: ● difficult
    macroeconomic conditions, unfavorable geopolitical events, and general stock market uncertainties, such as those occasioned by a
    global liquidity crisis and a failure of large financial institutions; ● an
    offering of our common shares to raise capital; ● receipt
    of large orders or cancellations of orders for our products; ● issues
    associated with the performance and reliability of our products; ● actual
    or anticipated variations in our results of operations; ● announcements
    of financial developments or technological innovations; ● changes
    in recommendations and/or financial estimates by investment research analysis; ● strategic
    transactions, such as acquisitions, divestitures, or spin-offs; ● offerings
    of our securities; ● the
    occurrence of major catastrophic events; and ● volatile
    trading volumes. Significant
price and value fluctuations have occurred with respect to our publicly traded securities and those of technology companies generally.
The price of our common shares is likely to be volatile in the future. In the past, securities class action litigation often has been
brought against a company following periods of volatility in the market price of its securities. If similar litigation were pursued against
us, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management’s attention and resources, which could materially and adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations, and liquidity. General
Risks Our
success is highly dependent on the technical, sales, marketing and managerial contributions of key individuals, including our Chief Executive
Officer and President, and we may be unable to retain these individuals or recruit others. We
depend on our senior executives including our Chief Executive Officer and President, and certain key managers as well as, engineering,
research and development, sales, marketing and manufacturing personnel, who are critical to our business. Except for our Chief Executive
Officer and President, we do not have employment agreements with our key employees. Furthermore, the current labor market remains very
competitive and challenging for the acquisition and retention of key employees. Larger competitors may be able to offer more generous
compensation packages to our executives and key employees, and therefore we risk losing key personnel to those competitors. If we were
to lose the services of any of our key personnel, our engineering, product development, manufacturing and sales efforts could be slowed.
We may also incur increased operating expenses and be required to divert the attention of our senior executives to search for their replacements.
The integration of any new personnel could disrupt our ongoing operations. We
may not be able to hire or retain the number of qualified personnel, particularly engineering personnel, required for our business, which
would harm the development and sales of our products and limit our ability to grow. Competition
in our industry for senior management, technical, sales, marketing and other key personnel is intense and has been made even more challenging
in the current labor market. If we are unable to retain our existing personnel, or attract and train additional qualified personnel,
our growth may be limited due to a lack of capacity to develop and market our products. We
have, from time to time, had trouble in hiring and retaining skilled engineers with appropriate qualifications to support our growth
strategy. Our success depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified engineering personnel with experience in equipment
design. Specifically, we need to continue to attract and retain mechanical, electrical, software and field service engineers to work
with our direct sales force to technically qualify and perform on new sales opportunities and orders, and to demonstrate our products. In
response to the continued fluctuations in our order rates and the recent decline in the bookings of our CVD Equipment division, we have
reduced our workforce during 2025. These actions could result in an increase in future employee turnover or otherwise impact our ability
to hire and retain qualified personnel. 23 Item
    1B. Unresolved
    Staff Comments None. Item
    1C. Cybersecurity We
have implemented a risk-based approach to identify and assess the cybersecurity threats that could affect our business and information
systems. We use recognized commercially reasonable measures, tools, and methodologies to manage cybersecurity risk, which are tested
regularly. We also monitor and evaluate our cybersecurity posture on an ongoing basis through regular malware scans, penetration tests,
and third-party reviews. Specific controls that are used to some extent include endpoint threat detection, identity and access management
(IAM), privileged access management (PAM), logging and monitoring, multi-factor authentication (MFA), firewalls and intrusion detection
and prevention, and vulnerability and patch management. To
manage our material risks from cybersecurity threats and to protect against, detect, and prepare to respond to cybersecurity incidents,
we undertake the below listed activities: ● Monitor
    emerging data protection laws and implement changes to our compliance processes; ● Conduct
    periodic cybersecurity assessments for employees who use our system to evaluate training needs; ● Conduct
    onboarding and cyber security training for all employees on an ongoing basis; ● Conduct
    regular phishing email simulations for all employees; and ● Carry
    cybersecurity risk insurance that protects against the potential losses from a cybersecurity incident. Our
incident response plan coordinates the activities that we and our third-party cybersecurity provider take to prepare to respond to and
recover from cybersecurity incidents. These include processes to triage, assess severity, investigate, escalate, contain, and remediate
an incident, as well as to comply with potentially applicable legal obligations and mitigate brand and reputational damage. We have an
IT continuity plan that we continuously review and update in line with our evolving applications architecture. Our
Board of Directors and Audit Committee oversee our cybersecurity efforts to ensure effective governance in managing risks associated
with cybersecurity threats. Our Director of Information Technology provides periodic updates to the Board of Directors and Audit Committee
regarding our cybersecurity program, including status updates on various projects to enhance our overall cybersecurity posture. We
describe whether and how risks from cybersecurity threats have or are reasonably likely to affect our financial position, results of
operations, and cash flows under the heading “Risk related to cybersecurity, intellectual property and regulatory compliance,”
which is included as part of

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and on commercially reasonable terms. Other
factors and assumptions not identified above were also involved in the derivation of these forward-looking statements and the failure
of such assumptions to be realized as well as other factors may also cause actual results to differ materially from those projected.
We assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions, or changes in other
factors affecting such forward-looking statements. Past performance is no guaranty of future results. You
should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates they are made. When used with this
Report, the words “believes”, “anticipates”, “expects”, “estimates”, “plans”,
“intends”, “will” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. 3 Item
    1. Description
    of Business. The
use of the words “CVD,” “we,” “us,” or “our,” refers to CVD Equipment Corporation, a
New York corporation incorporated on October 13, 1982, and its wholly owned subsidiaries, CVD Materials Corporation (including its wholly
owned subsidiaries, and CVD MesoScribe Technologies Corporation (“MesoScribe”) and Tantaline CVD Holding ApS (“Tantaline”)),
and FAE Holdings 411519R LLC except where the context otherwise requires. Overview CVD
has served the advanced materials markets with chemical vapor deposition, physical vapor transport and thermal process equipment for
over 40 years. We are headquartered in Central Islip, New York with our  Stainless Design Concepts (“SDC”) division located in Saugerties, New York. We
design, develop, and manufacture a broad range of equipment used to develop and produce materials and coatings for the aerospace, compound
semiconductor, semiconductor, aerospace, battery energy storage markets as well as advanced industrial applications, and research. We
currently conduct our business through two reportable segments: i) CVD Equipment that designs and manufactures chemical vapor deposition,
physical vapor transport and thermal process equipment; and ii) SDC that designs and manufactures ultra-high purity gas and chemical
delivery control systems. Our MesoScribe reportable segment ceased operations in 2024 and had provided products related to advanced materials
and coatings. Developments On
March 23, 2026, we entered into a definitive agreement under which our SDC business division will be sold to a subsidiary of
the Atlas Copco Group. The purchase price amounts to approximately $16.9 million in cash, subject to certain purchase price
adjustments. The transaction is expected to close during the second quarter of 2026, subject to customary closing
conditions. We
expect to use the proceeds from the transaction to enhance financial flexibility and support initiatives aimed at creating shareholder
value. The expected net cash proceeds after payment of transaction expenses and taxes are approximately $15.0 million, of which $900,000
will be held in escrow to cover post-closing adjustments and indemnification obligations under the agreement. CVD
will retain ownership of its Saugerties, New York facility, which will be leased to the acquiring company for an initial term of two
years following the closing of the transaction. On
November 6, 2025, our Board of Directors approved a comprehensive strategy to transform the Company in response to the continued fluctuations
in our order rates and the recent decline in the bookings of our CVD Equipment segment. As part of this strategy, we intend to transition
the operating model for our CVD Equipment business from vertically integrated fabrication to outsourced fabrication of certain components.
These actions are expected to reduce our fixed operating costs. Key
initiatives of the plan included a reduction in the CVD Equipment division’s workforce and other expenses, to reduce annual operating
costs by approximately $1.8 million. This included outsourcing the fabrication operations for certain components and the implementation
of a revised sales strategy utilizing distributors and outside sales representatives to supplement internal sales efforts. Our SDC division
will not be impacted by these actions. The
transformation strategy also includes the exploration of strategic alternatives for remaining businesses and product lines, including
the potential sale or divestiture of assets or business lines in addition to the sale of SDC. We
completed the workforce reduction plan during the fourth quarter of 2025 and incurred approximately $0.1 million in severance and other
charges. In connection with the transformation plan, we incurred non-cash impairment charges of $0.2 million with respect to impairment
of machinery and equipment and capitalized software that will no longer be used. The machinery and equipment to be disposed of totaling
$0.5 million is reflected as assets held for sale as of December 31, 2025. 4 Key
Company Strengths Based
on more than 40 years of equipment experience, we use our capabilities in process development, engineering, and manufacturing to transform
emerging applications into mainstream manufacturing solutions. We
have built a library of design expertise, know-how and innovative solutions to assist our customers in developing these intricate processes
and to accelerate their production and commercialization. This library of equipment design solutions, along with our manufacturing and
systems integration facilities, allows us to provide application-specific design, process, and manufacturing solutions to our customers. Our
core competencies in equipment and software design, manufacturing and process development are used to engineer our finished products
and to accelerate the commercialization path of our customer base. Our proprietary real-time software allows for rapid configuration,
and provides our customers with enabling tools to understand, optimize and repeatedly control their processes. These factors reduce costs,
improve quality, and reduce the time it takes between customers’ orders and the shipment of our products. Our Application Laboratory
allows customers the option to bring their process tools to our laboratory and to work collaboratively with our scientists and engineers
to optimize process performance. These
systems, which we market and sell under the CVD, FirstNano and EasyTube® product names, are sold to commercial companies, universities
and research laboratories in the United States and throughout the world. Key
Growth Strategies Our
core strategy is to focus on growth applications in end markets related to aerospace, microelectronics, and industrial applications. With
respect to aerospace, our systems are being used by our customers to produce ceramic matrix composite materials (“CMCs”)
that will be used in next generation gas turbine jet engines with the objective of reducing jet fuel consumption and contributing to
the decarbonization of that industry. During
2022, we also received an order from an aerospace company for a production chemical vapor infiltration (CVI) system that will be used
to manufacture CMCs for gas turbine jet engine components. We received additional orders from the same aerospace company for three CVI
systems in 2023 and one CVI system in 2024. We anticipate the systems will be field accepted and operational by our customer with the
next three to nine months. Our
core strategy is to focus on key related to aerospace, microelectronics and industrial applications. With respect to aerospace, our systems
are being used by our customers to produce ceramic matrix composite materials (“CMCs”) that will be used in next generation
gas turbine jet engines with the objective of reducing jet fuel consumption and to produce specialty coatings for advanced high temperature
environments. In
February 2024, we received a multisystem order from an industrial customer for approximately $10 million that will be used for depositing
a silicon carbide protective coating on OEM components and the units are expected to be completed over the next three to six months. The
phrase “electrification of everything” within the microelectronics market refers to the shift from fossil fuels to the use
of electricity to power devices, buildings, electric vehicles (“EVs”) and many other applications. 5 In
October 2025, we received an order for two PVT150™ Physical Vapor Transport Systems (“PVT”) from Stony Brook University
(“SBU”) for their new semiconductor research center - onsemi Silicon Carbide Crystal Growth Center. The recently launched
research center will enable SBU faculty, scientists, and students to conduct research on silicon carbide crystal growth and other wide
band gap (“WBG”) materials and device-enabling technologies critical to improving energy efficiency in power semiconductors
and foster the next generation of skilled professionals in this field. Our
PVT reactor design and control system architecture allows for precise process and temperature control enabling run-to-run repeatability
and system-to-system matching. The PVT system platform is also being considered to process other WBG materials such as aluminium nitride
(“AlN”) to support the development of emerging, high Our
PVT systems may provide us with standard product offerings to continue to support the EV focused market as well as energy storage, power
conversion and power transmission. In addition, SiC semiconductors specifically help address the need for high energy efficiency and
power density in the AC-DC stage in power supply units for data centers. We
also provide a line of CVD systems which are used to develop and produce material for the anode portion of batteries. Both
technologies are essential for the support of the EV market. These systems may provide us with standard products offering to continue
to support the EV focused market as well as energy storage, power conversion and power transmission. We
have observed continued weakness in the demand for our PVT product line and general reduced demand for silicon carbide which has negatively
impacted sales of our PVT systems. In addition, the recent global overcapacity of 150 mm and 200 mm silicon carbide wafers has reduced
the market for our silicon carbide growth systems. We
have generally gained new customers through our industry reputation, as well as limited print advertising and trade show attendance.
We have increased the number of trade shows and industry conferences attended in 2025. Major
Target Markets Our
major target markets are aerospace & defense and industrial, microelectronics / high power electronics, and EV battery materials
/ energy storage. Aerospace
& Defense CVD
is a leading manufacturer of preform CVI and tow-coating systems to manufacture CMCs for aerospace gas turbine jet engine applications.
Our customers include two of the leaders in aerospace gas turbine engines. We
continue to engage additional customers in the aerospace market regarding CMCs. During 2022, we received an order for a production CVI
system. We received additional orders from the same aerospace company for three CVI systems in 2023 and one additional CVI system in
2024. These systems will be used to manufacture CMCs for aerospace gas turbine jet engines and we anticipate the systems will be field
accepted and operational by our customer with the next three to nine months. We
believe our future growth will be derived from production applications in our major target markets. Our legacy product line continues
to provide advanced equipment and subsystems to enable development of emerging technology and research applications. 6 Microelectronics
/ High Power Electronics Demand
for silicon carbide wafers to support high power electronics for energy storage and transmission/charging resulted in a multi-system
order from a US-based, silicon carbide wafer manufacturer. Through December 31, 2025, we have received and delivered orders for 30 of
our PVT150™ physical vapor transport systems from one customer, which planned to use our systems to grow silicon carbide crystals
that are made into 150 mm silicon carbide wafers for use in power electronics. In late 2023, we launched our PVT200™ system designed
to manufacture silicon carbide crystals for 200 mm wafer and in mid-2024 we received our first order from a second customer. We plan
to continue to support the market with our PVT200™ system and possible future product development for the PVT200™ product
line. We will continue to monitor the market dynamics for silicon carbide wafers. EV
Battery Materials / Energy Storage We
have experienced interest and demand for nanotechnology materials including carbon nanotubes (CNTs), graphene and silicon nanowires (Si-NWs)
to support the development and manufacturing for battery materials used in electric vehicles. Our
major targeted markets are further described as follows (the term “legacy product” refers to products and systems within
our product offerings that we have produced in our history): Major
    Target Markets: Description
    and Growth Drivers: CVD
    Equipment Products and Services: Aerospace,
    Defense and Industrial Next
    generation gas turbine jet engines are incorporating CMC material for the hot section or exhaust of the engine to improve fuel efficiency. Production
    and R&D Applications: Silicon
    carbide coating is used as a protective barrier in many OEM equipment components used in LED and other applications. - Fiber
    tow coat system. Mass production system for multi-layer coating for CMCs. - Silicon
    bond coat environmental barrier depositing system. Deposits Si on machined gas turbine jet engine CMC components and other OEM components. - Chemical
    Vapor Deposition/ Chemical Vapor Infiltration production coating system for multi-layer CMC coatings on SiC fiber preforms. - Chemical
    Vapor Deposition production coating system for high volume low cost deposition of SiC coating. Microelectronics
                                            / High Power Electronics The
    shift to electrification has the objectives of reducing emissions and reducing dependency on fossil fuels. This has driven the demand
    for electric vehicle and associated high power electronics used in charging and motor power conversion. The use of SiC in augmented
    reality glasses is a potential emerging application. Production
    Applications: - PVT150™
    SiC crystal growth system launched in 2022. - PVT200™
    SiC crystal growth system launched in 2023. - HVPE400:
    polycrystalline GaN (legacy product). EV
                                            Battery Materials / Energy Storage The
    shift to electrification also requires improvements in energy storage, specifically with the use of novel anode materials. Production
    Applications: - PowderCoat-1100
    production system launched in 2021 grows Si nanowires on carbon nanoparticles. - Carbon-150:
    Single substrate system for CNT growth. Versatile substrate format, on wafer or foil. - Carbon-300:
    Multiple substrate batch tube system for CNT growth. Versatile substrate format, on wafer or foil. R&D
    Applications: - ET-3000:
    Versatile CNT growth system for research and development. 7 Other
    Markets CVD
    Equipment Products: - Universal
    liquid and gas storage cabinets, management, and delivery systems (SDC segment). - Production
    MOCVD Super Conducting Tape system. - ET-3000:
    MOCVD for compound semiconductor R&D. - ET-3000
    for graphene. - ET-6000:
    Multi-Tube Chemical Vapor Deposition Tube furnace (metals, oxides and nitrides). - PowderCoat-300
    for powder material R&D (including battery anode). Bookings During
2025, bookings of new orders from customers were approximately $13.0 million, representing a decrease of approximately 53.7% compared
to 2024 bookings of $28.1 million. The decrease in bookings of $15.1 million was related to decrease in orders for systems in our CVD
Equipment segment due in part to macroeconomic issues associated with tariffs, reduction in university funding and the U.S. government
shutdown during 2025 and that have continued into 2026. Segments CVD
Equipment - supplies state-of-the-art chemical vapor deposition and thermal process equipment targeting growth production markets
as well as systems for use in research and development. This includes systems marketed under the FirstNano product brand. Utilizing our
over 40 years of expertise in the design and manufacture of chemical vapor deposition and thermal process equipment, we provide material
processing capability and control at a competitive cost of ownership. The
targeted markets include advanced aerospace materials primarily for gas turbine jet engines, high power electronics (both silicon carbide
(SiC) and gallium nitride (GaN)), and nanomaterials used in batteries. The product group also consists of legacy products serving the
production and R&D applications such as semiconductors, LEDs, carbon nanotubes, nanowires, solar cells and several other industrial
& research applications. Our
developments and opportunities for the carbon composite business come from achievements in our Applications Laboratory. The Applications
Laboratory, along with the sales and marketing team continue to explore carbon-based products and applications that can be made from
our CNT, infiltrated carbon/CVI and carbon nano fiber technology (CNF). Some applications include CNT and infiltrated carbon/CVI based
battery material and CNF capacitors for 5G technology. To
support new emerging applications, we provide equipment to and collaborate with laboratory scientists to bring state-of-the-art processes
from the research laboratory into production. CVD Equipment segment provides process development value through our Application Laboratory
where our personnel interact directly with the scientists and engineers of our customer base to develop solutions to tomorrow’s
challenges today. CVD Equipment segment operates from our 128,000 square feet facility in Central Islip, New York. SDC - designs and manufactures ultra-high purity gas and chemical delivery control systems for state-of-the-art semiconductor fabrication
processes, aerospace, solar cells, LEDs, carbon nanotubes, nanowires, and a number of industrial applications. Our SDC products are sold
on a stand-alone basis and are also integrated into certain CVD equipment. This internal supply of chemical and gas delivery systems
and components provide a competitive advantage for our CVD Equipment group over its competition. SDC operates from a 22,000 square foot
facility fitted with a clean room manufacturing space located in Saugerties, New York. MesoScribe - consisted of MesoScribe’s direct write printed electronics business. MesoScribe provided MesoPlasma™ printing services
and products (heaters, antennas, and sensors) to aerospace, satellite, power generation, defense, and other markets requiring high performance.
MesoScribe operations were located at our facility in Central Islip, New York. On
August 8, 2023, we entered into an agreement with a third party to sell certain assets and license certain proprietary information of
MesoScribe. We fulfilled remaining orders for MesoScribe products during 2024, completed the sales of the equipment assets and ceased
operations as of September 30, 2024. 8 Products
and Technology Chemical
Vapor Deposition/Infiltration – Chemical vapor deposition is a method of coating or growing material through a chemical disassociation
and recombination at elevated temperatures onto or within pores of a substrate material. A single or collection of gases or vapor introduced
on to the surface or into pores of a substrate material that is heated to such a degree that the gases decompose and deposits a desired
layer onto and or into a substrate material. Chemical vapor infiltration (CVI) is a variant of a chemical vapor deposition process that
is performed at low pressures to allow for coating the internal surfaces of a porous material. Using heat and low pressure, precursor
vapors penetrate the pores/fiber of the material and deposit to form a conformal coating on the internal surfaces. Both processes are
accomplished by combining appropriate gases in a reaction chamber at elevated temperatures (typically 500° to 2,500° Celsius).
Our chemical vapor deposition and CVI systems are complete and include all necessary heating techniques, precise control instrumentation,
gas delivery and abatement subsystems and components and include state-of-the-art proprietary process control software. We provide both
standard and emerging applications for specified products. Some of the standard systems we offer are for SiC, GaN, Aluminum Nitride (AlN),
CMCs, silicon (Si), CNT, graphene, silicon nanowires. The systems are sold under the CVD and FirstNano product brands. Physical
Vapor Transport (PVT) – While the PVT150™ was officially launched for production in 2022, we have sold PVT systems in
prior years and have pioneered both resistive heating and more effectively inductively heated PVT systems. The PVT150™ system was
specifically designed to address the SiC crystal growth market for 150 mm substrates or wafers. Designed to provide enhanced process
parameter control, it allows existing and future customers the ability to tightly control and monitor the crystal growth process for
150 mm substrates. A 200 mm version called the PVT200™ was developed during 2023, and the first order was received in February
2024 and delivered in 2024. The crystal growth technique utilized a high temperature furnace to vaporize from seed granular material
of SiC and further deposit out in an ordered crystal structure onto substrate wafer. The process takes days to over a week to complete
and yield a SiC crystal ready for further processing into wafers. Rapid
Thermal Processing (RTP) – Used to heat semiconductor materials to elevated temperatures of up to 1,200 ° Celsius
at rapid rates of up to 200° Celsius per second. Our RTP systems are offered for implant activation, oxidation, silicide formation
and many other processes. We offer systems that can operate both at atmospheric and reduced pressures. Annealing,
Diffusion and Low-Pressure Chemical Vapor Deposition (LPCVD) Furnaces – These furnaces are used for dislocation removal in
crystals, dopant diffusion, oxidation, for SiC, Si, SiOx and other applications. The systems are normally operated at atmospheric and/or
reduced pressure with gaseous atmospheres related to the process. An optional feature of the system allows for the heating element to
be moved away from the process chamber allowing the wafers to rapidly cool or be heated in a controlled environment. Our temperature
control system enables more precise control of the wafers. The systems are equipped with an automatic process controller, permitting
automatic process sequencing and monitoring with safety alarm provisions. Ultra-High
Purity Gas and Liquid Control Systems – Our standard and custom designed gas and liquid control systems, which encompass gas
cylinder storage cabinets, custom gas and chemical delivery systems, gas and liquid valve manifold boxes and gas isolation boxes, provide
safe storage and handling of pressurized gases and chemicals. Our system design allows for automatic or manual control from both a local
and remote location. These subsystems and components are provided to the general market as well as support the CVD Equipment segment. Quartzware – The majority of our process equipment solutions, utilize quartz components which we partially manufacturer internally. In
addition, the equipment typically requires routine maintenance, consumable and spare parts. One such spare part and consumable which
is core to our technology offering is quartz hardware. We provide standard and custom fabricated quartzware used in our equipment and
to a lesser extent for other customer tools. Intellectual
Property Our
success is dependent, in part upon the development and protection of our proprietary technology and other proprietary rights. We have
historically and continue to protect our proprietary information and intellectual property such as design specifications, blueprints,
technical processes, and employee know-how through the use of patents and non-disclosure agreements. In the area of patents, we believe
there is value in having protected intellectual property and will continue to file for patent protection of our proprietary technology
that we believe has the potential to be incorporated into our products and sold to multiple customers. We also maintain certain trademarks
relating to certain of our products and product lines and claim copyright protection for certain proprietary software and documentation. While
patent, copyright and trademark protections for our intellectual property are important to different degrees for our various products
and solutions, we believe our future success in highly dynamic markets is most dependent upon the technical competence and creative skills
of our personnel and our ability to accelerate the commercialization of next generation intellectual properties. We strive to protect
our trade secrets and other proprietary information through non-disclosure agreements with our customers, suppliers, employees and consultants
and other security measures. 9 Research
and Development We
develop new products based on market analysis or by customer request. The technology included in our product development includes mechanical
hardware, software and controls systems and overall configuration. Our research and development activities have yielded a wealth of technology
from which systems and solutions can be derived from and productized. Together with a number of leading universities and startup companies
with whom we partner from time to time, we conduct research on Si deposition for both aerospace Si bond coat and microelectronic applications,
SiC growth, the growth and infiltration of carbon nanotubes, graphene and nanowires as well as on selected aerospace manufacturing processes.
Our intention is that together with customers and universities, we will leverage our collective expertise in this field, which we believe
will allow us to capitalize on commercial opportunities in the future. Markets
and Marketing We
serve multiple emerging and mature global markets including compound semiconductor high power electronics, aerospace, defense, battery
energy storage, silicon and other microelectronic and micromechanical devices, semiconductors, universities, and research centers. Due
to the highly technical nature of our products, we believe it is essential to engage with customers directly through our sales personnel,
our network of domestic and international independent sales representatives, and distributors specializing in the type of equipment,
products, and services that we sell. Our primary marketing activities include direct sales engagement, participation in trade associations
and trade shows and our internet websites. We expanded our marketing activities through attendance at key tradeshows and online marketing.
As part of our transformation strategy announced in November 2025, we revised our sales strategy to use distributors and outside sales
representatives to supplement internal sales efforts. Customers Our
systems and products are used in both production applications and advanced materials research. We market and sell primarily to companies
that are engaged in producing aerospace gas turbine jet engine component material, defense, compound semiconductor wafers, battery energy
storage, silicon and other microelectronic and micromechanical devices, semiconductor, universities and research centers. We have both
a domestic and international customer base. Given
the complexity and magnitude of the systems we sell, revenue from a single customer in any one year can exceed 10% of our total sales.
During the year ended December 31, 2025, two customers represented 27.6% and 13.7% of our revenues, while in 2024, one customer represented
29.5% of our revenues. While we believe that our relationships with these customers are generally positive, the loss of a large customer
would have to be replaced by others, and our inability to do so could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. For
the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 5.4% of our revenues were generated by sales to customers outside the U.S., compared
to approximately 4.3% for the year ended December 31, 2024. Competition We
can experience intense direct competition from both domestic and international competitors in all our product segments. Our CVD Equipment
product lines, including FirstNano, target multiple markets and both production and research customers. Competition is substantial in
both the production applications and research. In production applications, competition comes from larger companies offering enhanced
services. In research applications, the competition comes from small companies that compete with us mostly on price. We are aware of
other competitors that offer a substantial number of products and services comparable to ours. Many of our competitors (including customers
who may elect to manufacture systems for internal use) have financial, marketing and other resources greater than our own. To date, we
believe that each of our product and service segments has been able to compete favorably in markets that include these competitors, primarily
based on know-how, technical performance, quality, delivery, price and
aftermarket support. We continue to focus on products which serve markets that are growing and where we have a technical and commercially
competitive advantage. 10 CVD
Equipment competes with companies located in Asia, Europe, and the US in both the production and research market. In the production
and research markets, some of our potential customers built their own equipment. Additionally, there are large established companies
who compete with us and pose a competitive risk in the market. Due to budgetary and funding constraints, many customers are price sensitive.
We believe that our systems are among the most advanced available for the targeted market and coupled with our engineering and manufacturing
capabilities, we believe that we can compete effectively. SDC’s gas management and chemical delivery control systems are among the most advanced available. We further believe that SDC is differentiated
from our competitors through our deep understanding of how the systems in which our products are incorporated are used in field applications.
We have gained this understanding as a result of having designed and built complex process gas systems for our CVD Equipment group as
well as for a number of the world’s leading semiconductors, aerospace, medical, solar manufacturers, research laboratories and
universities. Sources
of Supply Many
of the components used in producing our products are purchased from unrelated suppliers. We have OEM status with our suppliers, but we
are not obligated to purchase a pre-determined quantity. We are not dependent on a principal or major supplier and alternate suppliers
are available. Historically, subject to lead times, the components and raw materials we used in manufacturing our products were readily
obtainable. Until
November 2025, we maintained a fully equipped machine shop that we used to fabricate a significant portion of our metal components in-house.
As part of our new strategy, we transitioned our operating model for our CVD Equipment business from vertically integrated fabrication
to outsourced fabrication of certain components including metal components. These actions are expected to reduce our fixed operating
costs. Our quartz fabrication capability is currently sufficient to meet our quartzware needs. Materials
procured from suppliers and/or manufactured internally undergo a rigorous quality control process to ensure that the parts meet or exceed
our requirements and those of our customers. Upon final assembly, all equipment undergoes a final series of complete testing to ensure
maximum product performance. Backlog As
of December 31, 2025, our backlog was approximately $6.6 million, compared to $19.4 million as of December 31, 2024, a decrease of $12.8
million. Our backlog at December 31, 2025 consists of approximately $4.9 million remaining performance obligations for system contracts
in progress and not yet started and the balance of approximately $1.7 million represents other non-system orders received from customers.
The timing for completion of backlog varies depending on the product mix and can be as long as two years or as short as 30-60 days. In
response to the lower levels of bookings and backlog and as further discussion in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in November 2025, our Board of Directors approved a comprehensive strategy to transform
our Company by transition our operating model for our CVD Equipment division from vertically integrated fabrication to outsourced fabrication
of certain components to reduce our fixed operating costs. 11 There
can be no assurance that our backlog will result in actual revenue in any particular period, or at all, or that any contract included
in backlog will be profitable. The actual amount and timing of any revenue is subject to various contingencies, many of which are beyond
our control, such as cancellations and delays. As a result of these contingencies, we may adjust our backlog if we determine that such
orders are no longer firm. In addition to adjustments from these types of contingencies, variations in backlog from time to time are
attributable, in part, to changes in sales mix, the timing of contract proposals, the timing of contract awards, and delivery schedules
on specific contracts. As a result, we believe our backlog and orders, at any point in time, are not necessarily indicative of the total
sales anticipated for any future period. Government
Regulations We
are subject to a variety of federal, state and local government regulations, such as environmental, labor and export control regulations.
We believe that we have obtained all necessary permits to operate our business and that we are in material compliance with all laws and
regulations applicable to us. These regulations are subject to change, and the effect of these changes could materially impact our business
in certain technology areas and regions. Utilizing
our in-house safety team, engineering expertise and consultants as required, we continue to monitor and comply with applicable Environmental
Health and Safety regulations at our facilities as well as the installation of equipment at our customer facilities. With
respect to our sales to customers located in China or elsewhere outside the United States, products which (i) are manufactured in the
United States, (ii) incorporate controlled U.S. origin parts, technology, or software, or (iii) are based on U.S. technology, are subject
to the U.S. Export Administration Regulations (“EAR”). We continue to monitor, review, and maintain ongoing compliance with
the EAR with respect to our export sales. Product
Liability Our
products are used in our customers’ manufacturing processes, which in some cases contain explosive, flammable, corrosive, and toxic
gases. There are potential exposures to personal injury as well as property damage, particularly if operated without regard to the design
limits of the systems and components. Additionally, the end products of some of our customers are used in areas such as aerospace and
high-tech devices where safety is of great concern. Management reviews its insurance coverage on an annual basis or more frequently,
if appropriate, and we believe we have the types and amounts of insurance coverage that are sufficient for our business. Human
Capital We
consider our employees a vital asset to our business and strive to ensure we foster a work environment of respect, communication, objective
orientation, and personal life balance. We believe this results in a higher level of employee satisfaction and hence improved performance
and employment longevity. As of December 31, 2025, we had 85 employees. We had 39 employees in manufacturing, 22 in engineering (including
research and development and efforts related to product improvement), 4 in field service, 7 in sales and marketing and 13 in general
management, maintenance and administration, compared to 118 employees as of December 31, 2024. None of our employees are subject to a
collective bargaining agreement. We completed a workforce reduction plan during the fourth quarter of 2025 in response to the continued
fluctuations in our order rates and the recent decline in the bookings of our CVD Equipment division. The
implementation of our business strategy depends on our ability to hire, train, and retain qualified and diverse professionals, and we
must emphasize employee development and training to do so. We are committed to identifying and developing the talents of our next generation
of managers and intend to establish a strong succession-planning program for our critical positions 12 Employee
Safety The
health and safety of our employees and partners is our highest priority, and this is consistent with our operating philosophy. We maintain
strong environmental, health and safety protocols that focus on implementing policies and training programs, as well as performing self-audits
to ensure our colleagues and partners leave the workplace safely on a daily basis. Employee
Compensation Management
continues to review our employee compensation programs to better align the compensation of our employees with our objectives, performance,
and personal performance, and to provide the proper short-term and long-term incentives to attract, retain and motivate them to achieve
superior results. We believe we must offer wages that are competitive and consistent with employee positions, skill levels, experience,
and knowledge, and in order to do so we may work with a nationally recognized outside compensation and benefits consulting firm to independently
evaluate the effectiveness of our executive and non-executive compensation and benefit programs and to provide benchmarking against our
peers within our industry. Equal
Opportunity We
are committed to building and sustaining a culture of equal opportunity that encourages all our employees to reach their full potential.
Our CVD team, like the technologies we enable, is a rich combination of diverse individuals coming together to make a material difference
for our people, our customers, and the world. As a company that enables tomorrow’s technologies, we recognize that a diverse employee
population makes CVD a stronger, more innovative, and a more engaging place to work. We are always striving to attract talented individuals
from a diverse candidate pool. Available
Information Our
website address is www.cvdequipment.com and the contents of our website, including our investor relations website, is not incorporated
by reference into this filing or any other report we file with or furnish to the SEC. We have no duty to update or revise any forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in other reports filed with the SEC, whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, unless we are required to do so by law. The SEC maintains a website (www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and
information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Item
    1A. Risk
    Factors In
addition to the other information set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our shareholders should carefully consider the

