TICKER: CYN
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain logistics, with big data connectivity. According to Research Nester, they forecast
the global industry 5.0 market to experience remarkable CAGR growth from 2022 - 2030 led by industrial internet of things, artificial
intelligence with the alliance of humans and collaborative robots. As automation proliferates,
these industries will gradually shift to service-based models that will decrease upfront capital expenditures and create new revenue streams
while unlocking new value in the supply chain. Our AV technology is uniquely positioned to capitalize upon these changes by offering a
universal autonomy solution that can deliver self-driving capabilities and data insights to nearly every industrial vehicle on the market. 2 Automation has long played
a role in industrial sectors. The larger industrial automation market has grown significantly by riding the wave of new technology and
innovation experienced during Industry 4.0. This consists of a wide range of technology solutions that provide varying levels of automation
for critical software control systems and industrial equipment. These components are essential to the operations and growth of global
markets such as manufacturing, distribution, transportation, construction, and mining. However, Industry 4.0 has its limitations in industrial
autonomy. With the convergence of AI/ML, robotics, connectivity, mapping and interoperability, autonomous vehicle technology is the next
leap-frog advancement in materials handling and supply chain logistics efficiency and safety propelling manufacturing into the Industry
5.0 phase. Figure 1: Illustration of the progression from
Industry 1.0 to Industry 5.0. Automation Solutions for Industrial Equipment The Industrial Equipment market
covers a broad range of use cases and product categories, with automation solutions targeting Material Transport Equipment (“MTE”)
heavily utilized by the majority of industry market sectors. For our purposes, we can think of MTE to include all material handling equipment
directly related to material transit (this includes conveying equipment, monorail, hoists, storage & retrieval, and industrial vehicles).
According to a Grand View Research report, the material handling equipment market was valued at $213.4 billion in 2021. They expect the
CAGR from 2022 to 2030 of 5.7% to be driven by increased worker safety awareness, rising requirements for managing bulk materials and
further adoption of Industry 4.0 initiatives with the use of IoT. Further with the rising need for reducing downtime and focus on improving
supply chain efficiency, self-driving industrial vehicles play an important role to achieve these objectives as manufacturing transitions
to Industry 5.0. Our belief is that these strong growth indicators will drive increased need for more advanced technology that will address
gaps in the current capabilities of automated MTE solutions. Historically, MTE automation
has been heavily weighted in solutions related to storage/retrieval systems and conveyors because more rigid and repetitive environments
are better suited for the limited capability of existing automation solutions. By contrast, industrial vehicles in the MTE category are
largely still driven manually. A March 2023 report released by MHI and Deloitte finds that 74% of supply chain leaders are increasing
their supply chain technology and innovation investments with 90% saying they are planning to spend more than $1 million, an 24% increase
from 2022 levels. Thirty-six percent plan to spend more than $10 million, up 19% from the prior year.  According to an article by
Meteor Space, “Important Warehouse Automation Statistics you can’t Ignore,” the use of AI in warehouse management systems
has surged, with 70% of large-scale warehouses adopting AI-driven solutions by 2024 to optimize inventory management, demand forecasting,
and route planning. 3 Supply chain, logistics, and
manufacturing operators are increasingly facing labor shortages, rising costs, and operational inefficiencies, which we believe is accelerating
the adoption of automation technologies. Industry data (Descartes’s Study) indicates that approximately 76% of supply chain operations
are currently impacted by labor shortages, and in the United States there are significantly more job openings than available workers,
contributing to persistent workforce gaps. The manufacturing sector alone could face millions of unfilled positions over the next decade,
further increasing pressure on companies to automate repetitive and labor-intensive tasks. Industrial truck and material handling vehicle
operators represent a meaningful component of operating costs within warehouses and manufacturing facilities, with median annual wages
in the United States in the mid-$40,000 range, excluding overtime, benefits, and other employer-related costs, according to U.S. Bureau
of Labor Statistics data. In addition to labor shortages
and rising labor costs, workplace safety expenses represent a significant financial burden for industrial operators. Worker injury claims
can average tens of thousands of dollars per incident, and total workplace injury costs in the United States exceed hundreds of billions
of dollars annually.  According to the Economic Policy Institute, over
$250 billion are spent on workplace injuries each year.  Autonomous industrial vehicles have the potential to reduce both
labor dependency and safety risks by automating repetitive material transport tasks, which may lower operating costs and improve productivity.
According to PWC’s “Industrial Mobility: How autonomous vehicles can change manufacturing” report, only 9% of manufacturers have
currently adopted autonomous technologies, but this is expected to grow as the benefits of improved efficiency and reduced costs become
more apparent.  As a result, we believe automation is becoming increasingly essential for industrial operations, with a substantial
majority of manufacturing leaders identifying automation as critical to future success. Despite these trends, adoption of autonomous industrial
vehicle technology remains in the early stages, suggesting a significant opportunity for future market growth as organizations seek solutions
to workforce shortages, cost pressures, and supply chain resilience challenges. Automating industrial vehicles will address the
following challenges: Labor shortages - The
hiring and retention of qualified workers is a critical concern for the markets that material transport vehicles operate within. In fact,
Deloitte’s 2020 and 2022 Material Handling Industry Report showed that over 50% of the 1,000 supply chain and manufacturing leaders
surveyed rated hiring and employee retention as their biggest challenge (source: MHI Deloitte Industry Report). Difficulty in scaling - The traditional approaches to vehicle automation make scaling vehicle automation solutions difficult due to strains caused by service
lifecycle management and issues with dynamic deployability. Industrial automation customers are forced to coordinate operational components
from a variety of different

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and lack a unifying architecture that allows the technology to scale effectively within and across
sites. Significant costs are also associated with expanding the scope of existing automation solutions as they are tightly coupled to
specific vehicles and often require an overhaul of the site infrastructure to overcome shortcomings in the automation technology. This
can be especially true in niche environments like mines, where the deployability challenges are compounded by unique sites that require
heterogeneous fleets. Furthermore, customer service, workforce training, and repair fall under service lifecycle management and must be
taken into account along with the technology in order to scale efficiently, according to the “Trends in Supporting and Scaling Modern
Automation” report by Ricoh & ABI Research Report. Lagging technological advancement - Manufacturers of material transport vehicles have core competencies in mechanical, electrical, and control systems while the end
users of the vehicles typically specialize in logistics,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, components or finished goods, which may adversely impact both
our product offerings and our operational expenses. Such cost increases may reduce our margins and require us to increase prices, which
could harm our competitive position, reduce customer demand and damage customer relationships. Trade disputes, trade restrictions,
tariffs and other political tensions between the U.S. and other countries may also exacerbate unfavorable macroeconomic conditions including
inflationary pressures, foreign exchange volatility, financial market instability, and economic recessions or downturns, which may also
negatively impact customer demand for our products or services, delay purchases or renewals, limit expansion opportunities with customers,
limit our access to capital, or otherwise negatively impact our business and operations. Ongoing tariff policies, trade restrictions and
macroeconomic uncertainty have and may continue to contribute to volatility in the price of our common stock. Ongoing uncertainty regarding
trade policies may also complicate our short- and long-term strategic planning, and that of our partners and customers, including decisions
regarding hiring, product strategy, capital investment, supply chain design and geographic expansion. While we continue to monitor trade
developments, the ultimate impact of these risks remains uncertain and any prolonged economic downturn, escalation in trade tensions,
or deterioration in international perception of U.S.-based companies could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations,
financial condition and prospects. We have a material weakness in our internal
control over financial reporting, and our inability to remediate this weakness or otherwise implement and maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting, or the inability of our independent registered public accounting firm to provide an unqualified report
thereon, could have a material adverse effect on us. If we fail to maintain
an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results. As a result, our
stakeholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could adversely affect the results of our business and our
enterprise value. In connection with our assessment of internal control over financial reporting, we identified two material
weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 (see Item 9A. Controls and Procedures for
additional detail). The deficiencies above led to two misstatements, one of which was corrected prior to the issuance of the prior
year’s financial statements, and the other lead to the restatement of the Affected Periods. These material weaknesses create a
reasonable possibility that material misstatements to our consolidated financial statements may not be prevented or detected in a
timely manner. Accordingly, management concluded that the Company’s internal control over financial reporting was not
effective as of December 31, 2025. The disclosure of these material weaknesses, even if quickly remediated, could reduce the
market’s confidence in our financial statements and harm our enterprise value. 24 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property,
Information Technology and Data Privacy We may become subject to litigation brought
by third parties claiming infringement, misappropriation or other violation by us of their intellectual property rights. The industry in which our
business operates is characterized by a large number of patents, some of which may be of questionable scope, validity or enforceability,
and some of which may appear to overlap with other issued patents. As a result, there is a significant amount of uncertainty in the industry
regarding patent protection and infringement. In recent years, there has been significant litigation globally involving patents and other
intellectual property rights. Third parties may in the future assert, that we have infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated their
intellectual property rights. As we face increasing competition and as a public company, the possibility of intellectual property rights
claims against us grows. Such claims and litigation may involve one or more of our competitors focused on using their patents and other
intellectual property to obtain competitive advantage, or patent holding companies or other adverse intellectual property rights holders
who have no relevant product revenue, and therefore our own pending patents and other intellectual property rights may provide little
or no deterrence to these rights holders in bringing intellectual property rights claims against us. There may be intellectual property
rights held by others, including issued or pending patents and trademarks, that cover significant aspects of our technologies or business
methods, and we cannot assure that we are not infringing or violating, and have not infringed or violated, any third-party intellectual
property rights or that we will not be held to have done so or be accused of doing so in the future. In addition, because patent applications
can take many years until the patents issue, there may be applications now pending of which we are unaware, which may later result in
issued patents that our products may infringe. We expect that in the future we may receive notices that claim we or our collaborators
have misappropriated or misused other parties’ intellectual property rights, particularly as the number of competitors in our market
grows. To defend ourselves against
any intellectual property claims brought by third parties, whether with or without merits, can be time-consuming and could result in substantial
costs and a diversion of our resources. These claims and any resulting lawsuits, if resolved adversely to us, could subject us to significant
liability for damages, impose temporary or permanent injunctions against our products, technologies or business operations, or invalidate
or render unenforceable our intellectual property. If our technology is determined
to infringe a valid and enforceable patent, or if we wish to avoid potential intellectual property litigation on any alleged infringement,
misappropriation or other violation of third party intellectual property rights, we may be required to do one or more of the following:
(i) cease development, sales, or use of our products that incorporate or use the asserted intellectual property right; (ii) obtain a license
from the owner of the asserted intellectual property right, which may be unavailable on commercially reasonable terms, or at all, or which
may be non-exclusive, thereby giving our competitors and other third parties access to the same technologies licensed to us; (iii) pay
substantial royalties or other damages; or (iv) redesign our technology or one or more aspects or systems of our autonomous industrial
vehicles to avoid any infringement or allegations thereof. The aforementioned options sometimes may not be commercially feasible. Additionally,
in our ordinary course of business, we agree to indemnify our customers, partners, and other commercial counterparties for any infringement
arising out of their use of our intellectual property, along with providing standard indemnification provisions, so we may face liability
to our users, business partners or third parties for indemnification or other remedies in the event that they are sued for infringement. We may also in the future
license third party technology or other intellectual property, and we may face claims that our use of such in-licensed technology or other
intellectual property infringes, misappropriates or otherwise violates the intellectual property rights of others. In such cases, we will
seek indemnification from our licensors. However, our rights to indemnification may be unavailable or insufficient to cover our costs
and losses. 25 We also may not be successful
in any attempt to redesign our technology to avoid any alleged infringement. A successful claim of infringement against us, or our failure
or inability to develop and implement non-infringing technology, or license the infringed technology on acceptable terms and on a timely
basis, could materially adversely affect our business and results of operations. Furthermore, such lawsuits, regardless of their success,
would likely be time-consuming and expensive to resolve and would divert management’s time and attention from our business, which
could seriously harm our business. Also, such lawsuits, regardless of their success, could seriously harm our reputation with users and
in the industry at large. Our business may be adversely affected if
we are unable to adequately establish, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights or prevent third
parties from making unauthorized use of our technology and other intellectual property rights. Our intellectual property
is an essential asset of our business. Failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights could result in our competitors
offering similar products, potentially resulting in the loss of our competitive advantage, and a decrease in our revenue which would adversely
affect our business prospects, financial condition, and operating results. Our success depends, at least in part, on our ability to protect
our core technology and intellectual property. We rely on a combination of intellectual property rights, such as patents, trademarks,
copyrights, and trade secrets (including know-how), in addition to employee and third-party nondisclosure agreements, intellectual property
licenses, and other contractual rights, to establish, maintain, protect, and enforce our rights in our technology, proprietary information,
and processes. Intellectual property laws and our procedures and restrictions provide only limited protection and any of our intellectual
property rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed or misappropriated. If we fail to protect our intellectual property
rights adequately, we may lose an important advantage in the markets in which we compete. While we take measures to protect our intellectual
property, such efforts may be insufficient or ineffective, and any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, which could
result in them being narrowed in scope or declared invalid or unenforceable. Other parties may also independently develop technologies
that are substantially similar or superior to ours. We also may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that
they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. However, the measures we take to
protect our intellectual property from unauthorized use by others may not be effective and there can be no assurance that our intellectual
property rights will be sufficient to protect against others offering products, services, or technologies that are substantially similar
or superior to ours and that compete with our business. Litigation may be necessary
in the future to enforce our intellectual property rights and to protect our trade secrets. Our efforts to enforce our intellectual property
rights may be met with defenses, counterclaims, and countersuits attacking the validity and enforceability of our intellectual property.
Any litigation initiated by us concerning the violation by third parties of our intellectual property rights is likely to be expensive
and time-consuming and could lead to the invalidation of, or render unenforceable, our intellectual property, or could otherwise have
negative consequences for us. Furthermore, it could result in a court or governmental agency invalidating or rendering unenforceable our
patents or other intellectual property rights upon which the suit is based. We will not be able to protect our intellectual property if
we are unable to enforce our rights or if we do not detect unauthorized use of our intellectual property. Our inability to protect our
proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, as well as any costly litigation or diversion of our management’s attention
and resources, could delay the introduction and implementation of new technologies, result in our substituting inferior or more costly
technologies into our products or injure our reputation. Moreover, policing unauthorized use of our technologies, trade secrets, and intellectual
property may be difficult, expensive, and time-consuming, particularly in foreign countries where the laws may not be as protective of
intellectual property rights as those in the United States and where mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be
weak. If we fail to meaningfully establish, maintain, protect, and enforce our intellectual property and proprietary rights, our business,
operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected. Changes in U.S. patent law could diminish
the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our products. Changes in U.S. Patent law
may have a significant impact on our ability to protect our technology and enforce our intellectual property rights. For example, the
Leahy-Smith America Invents Act (the “AIA”) enacted in September 2011, resulted in significant changes in patent legislation.
An important change introduced by the AIA is that, as of March 16, 2013, the United States transitioned from a “first-to-invent”
to a “first-to-file” system for deciding which party should be granted a patent when two or more patent applications are filed
by different parties claiming the same invention. Under a “first-to-file” system, assuming the other requirements for patentability
are met, the first inventor to file a patent application generally will be entitled to a patent on the invention regardless of whether
another inventor had made the invention earlier. A third party that files a patent application in the United States Patent and Trademark
Office (“USPTO”) after that date but before us could therefore be awarded a patent covering an invention of ours even if we
made the invention before it was made by the third party. Circumstances could prevent us from promptly filing patent applications on our
inventions. 26 The AIA also includes a number
of significant changes that affect the way patent applications will be prosecuted and also may affect patent litigation. These include
allowing third party submission of prior art to the USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to attack the validity of
a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review, and derivation proceedings.
Because of a lower evidentiary standard in USPTO proceedings compared to the evidentiary standard in United States federal courts necessary
to invalidate a patent claim, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient for the USPTO to hold
a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented in a district court action.
Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that would not have been invalidated
if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. The AIA and its implementation could increase the uncertainties
and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. Further, the standards applied
by the USPTO and foreign patent offices in granting patents are not always applied uniformly or predictably. For example, there is no
uniform worldwide policy regarding patentable subject matter or the scope of claims allowable for business methods. As such, we do not
know the degree of future protection that we will have on our technologies, products, and services. While we will endeavor to try to protect
our technologies, products, and services with intellectual property rights such as patents, as appropriate, the process of obtaining patents
is time-consuming, expensive, and sometimes unpredictable. Additionally, the U.S. Supreme
Court has ruled on several patent cases in recent years, such as Impression Products, Inc. v. Lexmark International, Inc., Association
for Molecular Pathology v. Myriad Genetics, Inc., Mayo Collaborative Services v. Prometheus Laboratories, Inc. and Alice Corporation Pty.
Ltd. v. CLS Bank International, either narrowing the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances or weakening the rights
of patent owners in certain situations. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future,
this combination of events has created uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by
the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, and the USPTO, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that
could weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. Our patent applications may not issue as
patents, which may have a material adverse effect on our ability to prevent others from commercially exploiting products similar to ours. We cannot be certain that
we are the first inventor of the subject matter to which we have filed a particular patent application, or if we are the first party to
file such a patent application. If another party has filed a patent application to the same subject matter as we have, we may not be entitled
to the protection sought by the patent application. Further, the scope of protection of issued patent claims is often difficult to determine.
As a result, we cannot be certain that the patent applications that we file will issue, or that our issued patents will be broad enough
to protect our proprietary rights or otherwise afford protection against competitors with similar technology. In addition, the issuance
of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability. Our competitors may challenge or seek to invalidate
our issued patents, or design around our issued patents, which may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition or operating
results. Also, the costs associated with enforcing patents, confidentiality and invention agreements, or other intellectual property rights
may make aggressive enforcement impracticable. 27 We may not be able to protect our intellectual
property rights throughout the world. Filing, prosecuting, maintaining,
defending, and enforcing patents and other intellectual property rights on our product candidates in all countries throughout the world
would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive
than those in the United States. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same
extent as federal and state laws in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions
in all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States
or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection or other intellectual
property rights to develop their own products and may export otherwise infringing, misappropriating, or violating products to territories
where we have patent or other intellectual property protection, but enforcement rights are not as strong as those in the United States.
These products may compete with our product candidates, and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or
sufficient to prevent them from competing. Many companies have encountered
significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of some countries
do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property rights, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement,
misappropriation, or other violation of our intellectual property rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights
in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could
put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke
third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded,
if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Many countries, including
European Union countries, India, Japan, and China, have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled under specified
circumstances to grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against government agencies
or government contractors. In those countries, we may have limited remedies if patents are infringed or if we are compelled to grant a
license to a third party, which could materially diminish the value of those patents. This could limit our potential revenue opportunities.
Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial
advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results
of operations, and prospects. In addition to patented technology, we rely
on our unpatented proprietary technology, trade secrets, processes, and know-how. We rely on proprietary information
(such as trade secrets, know-how, and confidential information) to protect intellectual property that may not be patentable, or that we
believe is best protected by means that do not require public disclosure. We generally seek to protect this proprietary information by
entering into confidentiality agreements, or consulting, services, or employment agreements that contain non-disclosure and non-use provisions
with our employees, consultants, contractors, scientific advisors, and third parties. However, we cannot guarantee that we have entered
into such agreements with each party that has or may have had access to our trade secrets or proprietary information and, even if entered
into, these agreements may be breached or may otherwise fail to prevent disclosure, third-party infringement or misappropriation of our
proprietary information, may be limited as to their term and may not provide an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure
or use of proprietary information. We have limited control over the protection of trade secrets used by our third-party manufacturers
and suppliers and could lose future trade secret protection if any unauthorized disclosure of such information occurs. In addition, our
proprietary information may otherwise become known or be independently developed by our competitors or other third parties. To the extent
that our employees, consultants, contractors, and other third parties use intellectual property owned by others in their work for us,
disputes may arise as to the rights in related or resulting know-how and inventions. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary
to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights, and failure to obtain or maintain protection for our proprietary information
could adversely affect our competitive business position. Furthermore, laws regarding trade secret rights in certain markets where we
operate may afford little or no protection to our trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be lawfully obtained or independently
developed by a competitor or other third party, we would have no right to prevent them from using that trade secret to compete with us.
If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed (whether lawfully or otherwise) to or independently developed by a competitor or other
third party, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 28 We also rely on physical and
electronic security measures to protect our proprietary information, but we cannot guarantee that these security measures provide adequate
protection for such proprietary information or will never be breached. There is a risk that third parties may obtain unauthorized access
to and improperly utilize or disclose our proprietary information, which would harm our competitive advantages. We may not be able to
detect or prevent the unauthorized access to or use of our information by third parties, and we may not be able to take appropriate and
timely steps to mitigate the damages (or the damages may not be capable of being mitigated or remedied). We utilize open-source software, which may
pose particular risks to our proprietary software, technologies, products, and services in a manner that could harm our business. We use open-source software
in our products and services and anticipate using open-source software in the future. We utilize a distribution of the open-source Linux
system, and tools such as ROS (open-source publish-subscribe tool) in the technical stack. Professional open-source license scanning systems
such as WhiteSource and ScanCode are used in both places. Both Continuous Integration and Continuous Deployment (“CI/CD”)
level open-source scan and overall system opensource scan is performed to protect the systems and our intellectual property. In the event
that our scanning and open-source check protocols fail, the Company could be negatively affected Some open-source software licenses require
those who distribute open-source software as part of their own software products to publicly disclose all or part of the source code to
such software product or to make available any modifications or derivative works of the open-source code on unfavorable terms or at no
cost. This could result in our proprietary software being made available in the source code form and/or licensed to others under open-source
licenses, which could allow our competitors or other third parties to use our proprietary software freely without spending the development
effort, and which could lead to a loss of the competitive advantage of our proprietary technologies and, as a result, sales of our products
and services. The terms of many open-source licenses to which we are subject have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and
there is a risk that open-source software licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions
on our ability to provide or distribute our products or services or retain our ownership of our proprietary intellectual property. Additionally,
we could face claims from third parties claiming ownership of, or demanding release of, the open-source software or derivative works that
we developed using such software, which could include our proprietary source code, or otherwise seeking to enforce the terms of, or alleging
breach of, the applicable open-source license. These claims could result in litigation and could require us to make our proprietary software
source code freely available, purchase a costly license, or cease offering the implicated products or services unless and until we can
re-engineer them to avoid breach of the applicable open-source software licenses or potential infringement. This re-engineering process
could require us to expend significant additional research and development resources, and we cannot guarantee that we will be successful. Additionally, the use of certain
open-source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open-source licensors generally do not
provide warranties or controls on the origin of software. There is typically no support available for open-source software, and we cannot
ensure that the authors of such open-source software will implement or push updates to address security risks or will not abandon further
development and maintenance. Many of the risks associated with the use of open-source software, such as the lack of warranties or assurances
of title, non-infringement, or performance, cannot be eliminated, and could, if not properly addressed, negatively affect our business.
We have processes to help alleviate these risks, including a review process for screening requests from our developers for the use of
open-source software, but we cannot be sure that all open-source software is identified or submitted for approval prior to use in our
products and services. Any of these risks could be difficult to eliminate or manage, and, if not addressed, could adversely affect our
ownership of proprietary intellectual property, the security of our vehicles, or our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Unauthorized control or manipulation of
systems in autonomous industrial vehicles may cause them to operate improperly or not at all, or compromise their safety and data security,
which could result in loss of confidence in us and our products, cancellation of contracts with future OEM or supplier partners. There have been reports of
vehicles of certain automotive OEMs being “hacked” to grant access to and operation of the vehicles to unauthorized persons.
Our autonomous vehicle software products and tools as well as the vehicles they are deployed on contain or will contain complex IT systems
and are designed with built-in data connectivity. We are in the process of and will continue implementing security measures intended to
prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks and systems. However, hackers may attempt to gain unauthorized access
to modify, alter, and use such networks and systems to gain control of, or to change the functionality of the autonomous industrial vehicles’
running our software, user interface and performance characteristics, or to gain access to data stored in or generated by our products.
As techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and may not be known until launched against
us or our third-party service providers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to anticipate, or implement adequate measures
to protect against, these attacks. Any such security incidents could result in unexpected control of or changes to the vehicles’
functionality and safe operation and could result in legal claims or proceedings and negative publicity, which would negatively affect
our brand and harm our business, prospects, financial condition, and operating results. 29 Our information technology systems or data,
or those of our service providers or customers or users could be subject to cyber-attacks or other security incidents, which could result
in data breaches, intellectual property theft, claims, litigation, regulatory investigations, significant liability, reputational damage
and other adverse consequences. We continue to expand our
information technology systems as our operations grow, such as product data management, procurement, inventory management, production
planning and execution, sales, service and logistics, financial, tax and regulatory compliance systems. This includes the implementation
of new internally developed systems and the deployment of such systems in the U.S. and abroad. While, we maintain information technology
measures designed to protect us against intellectual property theft, data breaches, sabotage and other external or internal cyber-attacks
or misappropriation, our systems and those of our service providers are potentially vulnerable to malware, ransomware, viruses, denial-of-service
attacks, phishing attacks, social engineering, computer hacking, unauthorized access, exploitation of bugs, defects and vulnerabilities,
breakdowns, damage, interruptions, system malfunctions, power outages, terrorism, acts of vandalism, security breaches, security incidents,
inadvertent or intentional actions by employees or other third parties, and other cyber-attacks. To the extent any security
incident results in unauthorized access or damage to or acquisition, use, corruption, loss, destruction, alteration or dissemination of
our data, including intellectual property and personal information, or our products, or for it to be believed or reported that any of
these occurred, it could disrupt our business, harm our reputation, compel us to comply with applicable data breach notification laws,
subject us to time consuming, distracting and expensive litigation, regulatory investigation and oversight, mandatory corrective action,
require us to verify the correctness of database contents, or otherwise subject us to liability under laws, regulations and contractual
obligations, including those that protect the privacy and security of personal information. This could result in increased costs to us
and result in significant legal and financial exposure and/or reputational harm. We also rely on service providers,
and similar incidents relating to their information technology systems could also have a material adverse effect on our business. Our
ability to monitor our service providers’ security measures is limited, and, in any event, malicious third parties may be able to
circumvent those security measures. Further, the implementation,
maintenance, segregation and improvement of these systems require significant management time, support and cost, and there are inherent
risks associated with developing, improving and expanding our core systems as well as implementing new systems and updating current systems,
including disruptions to the related areas of business operation. These risks may affect our ability to manage our data and inventory,
procure parts or supplies or manufacture, sell, deliver and service products, adequately protect our intellectual property or achieve
and maintain compliance with, or realize available benefits under, tax laws and other applicable regulations. Moreover, if we do not successfully
implement, maintain or expand these systems as planned, our operations may be disrupted, our ability to accurately and/or timely report
our financial results could be impaired and deficiencies may arise in our internal control over financial reporting, which may impact
our ability to certify our financial results. Moreover, our proprietary information, including intellectual property and personal information,
could be compromised or misappropriated and our reputation may be adversely affected. If these systems or their functionality do not operate
as we expect them to, we may be required to expend significant resources to make corrections or find alternative sources for performing
these functions. 30 The costs to comply with, or our actual
or perceived failure to comply with, changing U.S. and foreign laws related to data privacy, security and protection, could adversely
affect our financial condition, operating results, and our reputation. In operating our business
and providing services and solutions to clients, we collect, use, store, transmit, and otherwise process employee, partner, and customer
data, including personal data, in and across multiple jurisdictions. We use the electronic systems within the autonomous industrial vehicles
that log information about each industrial vehicle’s use in order to aid us in vehicle diagnostics, repair, and maintenance, as
well as to help us collect data regarding operators’ use patterns and preference in order to help us customize and optimize the
driving and operating experiences. The integrated autonomous industrial vehicles leveraging our software products and tools may also collect
personal information of drivers, operators and passengers, such as a voice command of a person, in order to aid the manual operation of
our industrial vehicles. When our autonomy enabled industrial vehicles are in operation, the camera, LiDAR, and other sensing components
of the vehicles will collect site and route view, mapping data, landscape images, and other LiDAR information, which may include personal
information such as license plate numbers of other vehicles, facial features of pedestrians, appearance of individuals, GPS data, geolocation
data, in order train the data analytics and artificial intelligence technology equipped in our industrial vehicles for the purpose of
identifying different objects, and predicting potential issues that may arise during the operation of our integrated industrial vehicles. We plan to utilize systems
and applications that are spread over the globe, requiring us to regularly move data across national borders. As a result, we are subject
to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States, and other foreign jurisdictions as well as contractual obligations, regarding
data privacy, protection, and security. Some of these laws and regulations require obtaining data subjects’ consent to the collection
and use of their data, honoring data subjects’ request to delete their data or limit the processing of their data, providing notifications
in the event of a data breach, and setting up the proper legal mechanisms for cross-border data transfers. Some customers may refuse to
provide consent to our collection and use of their personal information, or may restrict our use of such personal information, and in
some cases it is not feasible to obtain consent from data subjects in the general public whose personal information may be captured by
our autonomous industrial vehicles, all of which may hinder our ability to train our data analytics and artificial intelligence technology,
and may harm the competitiveness of our technology. In many cases, these laws and regulations apply not only to the collection and processing
of personal information from third parties with whom we do not have any contractual relationship, but also to the sharing or transfer
of information between or among us, our subsidiaries and other third parties with which we have commercial relationships, such as our
service providers, partners, and customers. The regulatory framework for data privacy, protection, and security worldwide is continuously
evolving and developing and, as a result, interpretation and implementation standards and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain
for the foreseeable future. In particular, some of these laws and regulations may require us to store certain categories of data collected
from individuals residing in a jurisdiction only on servers physically located in such jurisdiction, and may further require us to conduct
security assessments and/or adopt other cross-border data transfer mechanisms in order to transfer such data outside of such jurisdiction.
With the continuously evolving and rapidly changing privacy regulatory regime, our ability to freely transfer data among our affiliates
and with our partners in different jurisdictions may be impeded, or we may need to incur significant costs in order to comply with such
requirements. In addition, the number of high-profile data breaches at major companies continues to accelerate, which will likely lead
to even greater regulatory scrutiny. The scope and interpretation
of the laws and regulations that are or may be applicable to us are often uncertain and may be conflicting, particularly with respect
to foreign laws. For example, the E.U. General Data Protection Regulation (the “GDPR”), which became effective in May 2018,
greatly increased the European Commission’s jurisdictional reach of its laws and added a broad array of requirements for handling
personal data with respect to EU data subjects. EU member states are tasked under the GDPR to enact, and have enacted, certain implementing
legislation that adds to and/or further interprets the GDPR requirements and potentially extends our obligations and potential liability
for failing to meet such obligations. The GDPR, together with national legislation, regulations and guidelines of the EU member states
and the United Kingdom governing the processing of personal data, impose strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect,
use, retain, protect, disclose, transfer, and otherwise process personal data with respect to EU and UK data subjects. In particular,
the GDPR includes obligations and restrictions concerning the consent and rights of individuals to whom the personal data relates, the
transfer of personal data out of the European Economic Area or the United Kingdom, security breach notifications and the security and
confidentiality of personal data. Among other stringent requirements, the GDPR restricts transfers of data outside of the EU to third
countries deemed to lack adequate privacy protections (such as the U.S.), unless an appropriate safeguard specified by the GDPR is implemented.
A July 16, 2020 decision of the Court of Justice of the European Union invalidated a key mechanism for lawful data transfer to the U.S.
and called into question the viability of its primary alternative. As such, the ability of companies to lawfully transfer personal data
from the EU to the U.S. is presently uncertain. Other countries have enacted or are considering enacting similar cross-border data transfer
rules or data localization requirements. These developments could limit our ability to launch our products in the EU and other foreign
markets. The GDPR authorizes fines for certain violations of up to 4% of global annual revenue or €20 million, whichever is greater.
Such fines are in addition to any civil litigation claims by data subjects. Much remains unknown with respect to how to interpret and
implement the GDPR and guidance on implementation and compliance practices is often updated or otherwise revised. Given the breadth and
depth of changes in data protection obligations, including classification of data and our commitment to a range of administrative, technical
and physical controls to protect data and enable data transfers outside of the EU and the United Kingdom, our compliance with the GDPR’s
requirements will continue to require time, resources and review of the technology and systems we use to satisfy the GDPR’s requirements,
including as EU member states enact their legislation. Further, while the United Kingdom enacted the Data Protection Act 2018 in May 2018
that supplements the GDPR, and has publicly announced that it will continue to regulate the protection of personal data in the same way
post-Brexit, Brexit has created uncertainty with regard to the future of regulation of data protection in the United Kingdom. 31 The U.S. federal government
and various states and governmental agencies also have adopted or are considering adopting various laws, regulations, and standards regarding
the collection, use, retention, security, disclosure, transfer, and other processing of sensitive and personal information. In addition,
many states in which we operate have laws that protect the privacy and security of sensitive and personal information. Certain state laws
may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to sensitive and personal information than
federal, international, or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, which may complicate compliance efforts. State
laws are changing rapidly and there is discussion in Congress of a new federal data protection and privacy law to which we would become
subject if it is enacted. All of these evolving compliance and operational requirements impose significant costs that are likely to increase
over time, may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies, and may divert resources from other initiatives and projects.
Furthermore, non-compliance with data privacy laws and regulations, or a major breach of our network security and systems, could have
serious negative consequences for our businesses and future prospects, including possible fines, penalties, and damages, reduced customer
demand for our products, and harm to our reputation and brand, all of which may have a material and adverse impact on our business, financial
condition, and operating results. We make public statements
about our use and disclosure of personal information through our privacy policy, information provided on our website and press statements.
Also, we enter into contracts with third parties (such as our partners and clients) that contain provisions regarding the collection,
sharing, and processing of personal information. Although we endeavor to comply with our public statements and documentation as well as
our contractual and other privacy-related obligations, we may at times fail to do so or be alleged to have failed to do so. The publication
of our privacy policy and other statements that provide promises and assurances about data privacy and security can subject us to potential
government or legal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair or misrepresentative of our actual practices. In addition, from time
to time, concerns may be expressed about whether our products and services compromise the privacy of clients and others. Any concerns
about our data privacy and security practices (even if unfounded), or any failure, real or perceived, by us to comply with our posted
privacy policies, contractual obligations, or any legal or regulatory requirements, standards, certifications, or orders, or other privacy
or consumer protection-related laws and regulations applicable to us, could cause our clients to reduce their use of our autonomous industrial
vehicles and could affect our financial condition, operating results, and our reputation, and may result in governmental or regulatory
investigations, enforcement actions, regulatory fines, criminal compliance orders, litigations, breach of contract claims, or public statements
against us by government regulatory authorities, our partners and/or clients, data subjects, consumer advocacy groups, or others, all
of which could be costly and have an adverse effect on our business. Furthermore, enforcement actions
and investigations by regulatory authorities related to data security incidents and privacy violations continue to increase. Non-compliance
could result in proceedings against us by data protection authorities, governmental entities or others, including class action privacy
litigation in certain jurisdictions, which would subject us to significant fines, penalties, judgments, and negative publicity, and may
otherwise affect our financial condition, operating results, and our reputation. Given the complexity of operationalizing the GDPR and
other data privacy and security laws and regulations to which we are subject, the maturity level of proposed compliance frameworks and
the relative lack of guidance in the interpretation of the numerous requirements of the GDPR and other data privacy and security laws
and regulations to which we are subject, we may not be able to respond quickly or effectively to regulatory, legislative, and other developments,
and these changes may in turn impair our ability to offer our existing or planned products and services and/or increase our cost of doing
business. In addition, if our practices are not consistent or viewed as not consistent with legal and regulatory requirements, including
changes in laws, regulations, and standards or new interpretations or applications of existing laws, regulations and standards, we may
become subject to audits, inquiries, whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, or severe
criminal or civil sanctions, all of which may affect our financial condition, operating results, and our reputation. Unauthorized access
or disclosure of personal or other sensitive or confidential data of Company (including data about third parties which the Company possesses),
whether through systems failure, employee negligence, fraud, or misappropriation, by the Company, our service providers or other parties
with whom we do business (if they fail to meet the standards we impose, or if their systems on which our data is stored experience any
data breaches or security incidents) could also subject us to significant litigation, monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions,
fines, and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions. 32 Risks Related to our Common Stock There is a limited market for our common
stock that may make it more difficult to dispose of your stock. Our common stock is currently
listed on the Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol “CYN”. There is a limited trading market for our common stock. Accordingly,
there can be no assurance as to the liquidity of any markets that may develop for our common stock, the ability of holders of our common
stock to sell shares of our common stock, or the prices at which holders may be able to sell their common stock. Future sales of our common stock in the
public market could cause the market price of our common stock to decline. Sales of a substantial number
of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that these sales might occur, could depress the market price of
our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. Many of our existing
equity holders have substantial unrecognized gains on the value of the equity they hold based upon the price of our initial public offering,
and therefore, they may take steps to sell their shares or otherwise secure the unrecognized gains on those shares. We are unable to predict
the timing of or the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common stock. Our stock price may be volatile, and the
value of our common stock may decline. Prior to our initial public
offering in October 2021, there was no public market for our common stock and our common stock is not actively traded. The lack of an
active market for our common stock may impair investors’ ability to sell their shares at the time they wish to sell them or at a
price that they consider reasonable, may reduce the market value of their shares and may result in significant price and volume fluctuations.
The market price of our common stock may fluctuate or decline significantly in response to numerous factors, many of which are beyond
our control, including: ● actual or anticipated fluctuations in our financial condition or results of operations; ● variance in our financial performance from expectations of securities analysts; ● changes in the pricing of the solutions on our platforms; ● changes in our projected operating and financial results; ● changes in laws or regulations applicable to our technology; ● announcements by us or our competitors of significant business developments, acquisitions or new offerings; ● sales of shares of our common stock by us or our shareholders; 33 ● significant data breaches, disruptions to or other incidents involving our technology; ● our involvement in litigation; ● future sales of our common stock by us or our stockholders; ● changes in senior management or key personnel; ● the trading volume of our common stock; ● changes in the anticipated future size and growth rate of our market; ● general economic and market conditions; and ● other events or factors, including those resulting from war, incidents of terrorism, global pandemics or responses to these events. Broad market and industry
fluctuations, as well as general economic, political, regulatory and market conditions, may also negatively impact the market price of
our common stock. In addition, technology stocks have historically experienced high levels of volatility. In the past, companies who have
experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the
target of this type of litigation in the future, which could result in substantial expenses and divert our management’s attention. Future securities issuances could result
in significant dilution to our stockholders and impair the market price of our common stock. Future issuances of shares
of our common stock could depress the market price of our common stock and result in dilution to existing holders of our common stock.
Also, to the extent outstanding options and warrants to purchase our shares of our common stock are exercised or options or other equity-based
awards are issued or become vested, there will be further dilution. The amount of dilution could be substantial depending upon the size
of the issuances or exercises. Furthermore, we may issue additional equity securities that could have rights senior to those of our common
stock. We anticipate that we will need to raise
additional capital, and our issuance of additional capital stock in connection with financings, acquisitions, investments, our equity
incentive plans or otherwise will dilute all other stockholders. We expect to issue additional
capital stock in the future that will result in dilution to all other stockholders. We expect to grant equity awards to employees, directors
and consultants under our equity incentive plans. We may also raise capital through equity financings in the future. As part of our business
strategy, we may acquire or make investments in companies, products or technologies and issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition
or investment. We may not be able to obtain additional capital if and when needed on terms acceptable to us, or at all. Further, if we
do raise additional capital, it may cause stockholders to experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and the per share
value of our common stock to decline. We do not intend to pay cash dividends for
the foreseeable future and, as a result, your ability to achieve a return on your investment will depend on appreciation in the price
of our common stock. We have never declared or
paid any cash dividends on our capital stock, and, subject to the discretionary dividend policy described in the section entitled “Dividend
Policy” of this Annual Report, we do not intend to pay any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. On September 29, 2023, our
board of directors declared a one-time special dividend of 10% on our issued and outstanding shares of our common stock to holders of
record on October 23, 2023. Any determination to pay dividends in the future will be at the discretion of our board of directors. Accordingly,
you may need to rely on sales of our common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future
gains on your investment. 34 We are an “emerging growth company,”
and we cannot be certain if the reduced reporting and disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common
stock less attractive to investors. We are an “emerging-growth
company,” as defined in the JOBS Act, and we have elected to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements
that are applicable to other public companies that are not “emerging growth companies,” including the auditor attestation
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or Section 404, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation
in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive
compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Pursuant to Section 107 of the Jumpstart
Our Business Startups (“JOBS”) Act, as an emerging growth company, we have elected to use the extended transition period for
complying with new or revised accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. As a result, our
consolidated financial statements will not be comparable to the financial statements of issuers who are required to comply with the effective
dates for new or revised accounting standards that are applicable to public companies, which may make our common stock less attractive
to investors. In addition, if we cease to be an emerging growth company, we will no longer be able to use the extended transition period
for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We will remain an emerging-growth
company until the earliest of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering; (2)
the last day of the first fiscal year in which our annual gross revenue is $1.07 billion or more; (3) the date on which we have, during
the previous rolling three-year period, issued more than $1 billion in non-convertible debt securities; and (4) the date we qualify as
a “large accelerated filer,” with at least $700 million of equity securities held by non-affiliates. We cannot predict if investors
will find our common stock less attractive as a result of choosing to rely on these exemptions. For example, if we do not adopt a new
or revised accounting standard, our future results of operations will not be as comparable to the results of operations of certain other
companies in our industry that adopted such standards. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may
be a less active trading market for our common stock, and our stock price may be more volatile. Anti-takeover provisions in our charter
documents may discourage our acquisition by a third party, which could limit our stockholders’ opportunity to sell their shares,
at a premium. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation includes provisions that could limit the ability of others to acquire control of our company. These provisions could
have the effect of depriving our stockholders of an opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over prevailing market prices by discouraging
third parties from seeking to obtain control in a tender offer or similar transaction. Among other things, the charter documents will
provide: ● certain amendments to our bylaws that will require the approval of two-thirds of the combined vote of our then-outstanding shares of our common stock; and ● our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our stockholders, to issue preferred stock in one or more series and to fix their designations, powers, preferences, privileges, and relative participating, optional, or special rights, and the qualifications, limitations, or restrictions, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and federal court within the State of Delaware as the exclusive
forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that our stockholders may initiate, which could limit a stockholder’s ability
to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that, subject to limited exceptions, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be exclusive forums
for any: ● derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 35 ● action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or other employees to us or our stockholders; ● action asserting a claim against us, our directors or officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws; or ● other action asserting a claim against us, our directors or officers or employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. This choice of forum provision
does not apply to actions brought to enforce a duty or liability created under the Exchange Act. Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation to be in effect after this offering also provides that the federal district courts of the United States are the exclusive
forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. We intend for this provision to
apply to any complaints asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act despite the fact that Section 22 of the Securities Act creates
concurrent jurisdiction for the federal and state courts over all actions brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities
Act or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision with
respect to claims under the Securities Act, and our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital
stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
described above. These choice of forum provisions
may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees. Alternatively,
if a court were to find these provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in
respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such
matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business and financial condition. General

