TICKER: DFLI
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain and
enables vertical integration, ultimately driving down production costs. Industry
Background For
decades, lead-acid batteries have been the dominant player in power and energy markets worldwide. Since the introduction of the absorbed
glass mat (“ AGM ”) lead-acid battery in the mid-1970s, the technological advancements in lead-acid battery technology
have been limited. LFP batteries have numerous advantages over the incumbent lead-acid batteries used in today’s markets: ● Environmentally
    Friendly, Socially Responsible and Safer. Lead-acid batteries that are not recycled or disposed of properly are extremely
    toxic and can cause areas of poisonous groundwater and lead buildups, impacting both humans and the environment. Research by EcoMENA
    shows that a single lead-acid battery disposed of incorrectly into a municipal solid waste collection system could contaminate 25
    tonnes of municipal solid waste and prevent recovery of organic resources due to high lead levels. Lithium-ion batteries, specifically
    LFP batteries, have no toxic elements, offering a much safer environmental alternative to lead-acid batteries. LFP batteries also
    do not rely on controversial elements such as cobalt as part of their chemistry. Compared to lead-acid batteries, there is no concern
    of “off-gassing,” or the emission of noxious gases, for lithium-ion batteries, and therefore no need to take into consideration
    required ventilation or off-gas related fire risk when installing or recharging our LFP batteries. ● Longer
    Lifespan. Lithium-ion batteries have longer lifecycles compared to lead-acid batteries. LFP batteries are able to cycle (i.e.,
    discharge and charge) 3,000 to 5,000 times before hitting the 80% capacity mark. Comparatively, lead-acid batteries degrade quickly,
    only cycling 300-500 times before hitting 50% of their original capacity. Our third-party validated internal research suggests that
    if a typical AGM lead-acid battery and our LFP battery were cycled once every day, the AGM battery and our LFP battery would have
    a respective lifespan of 1.98 years and 19.18 years before reaching 80% depth of discharge (i.e., 80% of our battery would have been
    discharged relative to the overall capacity of the battery in that lifespan). In many storage applications, lithium-ion batteries
    have a lifespan exceeding the lifetime of the project with very limited maintenance requirements, compared to lead-acid batteries,
    which have a one- to two-year useful life in most applications. ● Power
    and Performance. As new technologies evolve and people consume more electricity, the importance of battery power and performance
    increases. Compared to lead-acid batteries, lithium-ion batteries can discharge power at a higher voltage and more consistently through
    the discharge cycle (i.e., until they are 100% discharged) while utilizing a smaller physical space and weighing less. In addition,
    unlike lead-acid batteries, lithium-ion batteries can be discharged below 50% capacity without causing irreparable harm to the battery.
    Lithium-ion batteries also provide the same energy capacity with one-fifth the weight of a standard lead-acid battery. Lithium-ion
    batteries are also significantly more reliable and efficient, especially in cold temperatures, allowing for year-round all-climate
    usage. 4 ● Charging. Lead-acid batteries were the first rechargeable batteries on the market. However, due to new advancements in energy density
    (i.e., the amount of energy stored by mass volume) and charge/discharge rates, lithium-ion batteries now significantly outperform
    traditional lead-acid batteries. LFP batteries currently charge five times faster than their lead-acid counterparts, with even faster
    charging rates expected for the next generation of lithium-ion cells. With the appropriate battery management system, lithium-ion
    batteries can be charged in cold temperatures, something lead-acid batteries are unable to do, resulting in two to three times more
    power delivered. ● Maintenance-Free. LFP batteries provide the benefit of being a maintenance-free option compared to lead-acid batteries. Unlike lead-acid batteries
    which have no battery management system to regulate current flow and charging rates, all our LFP battery packs include a proprietary
    battery management system that regulates current and provides temperature, short circuit and cold charging protection. Our LFP batteries
    also do not require cleaning or water, eliminating the need for periodic maintenance found in today’s lead-acid batteries.
    While our LFP batteries are generally designed to replace and physically fit into racks made for existing lead-acid batteries, our
    batteries can be installed in any position and without the need for venting. End
Markets Current
Markets We
operate across multiple end markets that are undergoing a transition from traditional lead-acid batteries to lithium-based energy storage
solutions, driven by increasing power demands, space and weight constraints, and a growing need for reliable, maintenance-free energy
storage. ● Recreational
                                            Vehicles. The recreational vehicle market continues to be an important driver of
                                            demand for lithium iron phosphate (LFP) energy storage batteries as RV designs and usage
                                            patterns evolve. According to data published by the RV Industry Association (“ RVIA ”),
                                            approximately 342,000 RV units were shipped in the United States during 2025, with towable
                                            RVs representing the substantial majority of total wholesale shipments. RV ownership and
                                            usage trends continue to support increased onboard power requirements, as RV interiors become
                                            more electrically intensive with the addition of appliances, electronics, and connectivity
                                            features associated with extended-stay and full-time RV use. The
    need for greater onboard power generation and energy storage is contributing to a shift away from incumbent lead-acid batteries toward
    LFP batteries. Traditional lead-acid batteries are heavy, occupy significant space, exhibit inefficient discharge characteristics,
    and require ventilation. LFP batteries address these limitations by enabling faster charging, significantly reduced weight, consistent
    power delivery, and maintenance-free operation. Historically,
    our RV market focus has been concentrated on motorized RVs; however, OEMs have increasingly integrated advanced electrical systems
    and energy storage solutions into towable RVs. The continued dominance of towable RV shipments, combined with increasing electrification
    across RV platforms, represents a growing opportunity for LFP battery adoption. ● Marine
    Vessels. As boating becomes more popular in North America, the need for a reliable, non-flammable energy storage system is
    becoming increasingly apparent. According to the 2020 Recreational Boating Statistics and the 2020 National Recreational Boating
    Safety Survey, in 2018 over 84 million Americans participated in some form of boating activity. There were a total of over 11.6 million
    registered boats on the water as of 2023. Similar to the RV market, customers are becoming more technologically advanced and are
    adding more electronics to their vessels, in turn driving demand for larger and more reliable energy storage, such as LFP batteries.
    Tightening marina regulations are also driving the need for electric docking motors on more vessels and increasing the focus on safety,
    which LFP batteries are well-suited to address. 5 ● Industrial. We serve a growing range of industrial and commercial applications that require reliable, stationary energy storage in both
    grid-connected and remote environments. These applications include power systems supporting municipalities, energy and infrastructure
    operators, transportation networks, and communications providers, where dependable power is required to support monitoring equipment,
    communications systems, control and relay equipment, safety and security systems, lighting, and other critical electrical loads.
    Demand in these applications is driven by the need for long service life, low maintenance requirements, and consistent performance
    across a wide range of operating conditions. Lithium iron phosphate (LFP) batteries are well-suited to these use cases due to their
    safety profile, durability, and ability to deliver reliable power in environments where traditional lead-acid batteries are constrained
    by weight, maintenance, or performance limitations. As electrification and remote monitoring continue to expand across industrial
    and commercial infrastructure, these stationary energy storage applications represent an increasingly important component of our
    current end markets. ● Heavy
    Duty Truck. The heavy-duty truck market encompasses a broad range of vehicles designed for extensive commercial and industrial
    use, such as long-haul transport, construction, and logistics. Even in the midst of a historic freight recession, more than 200,000
    Class 8 units sold in 2025. A surge in Class 8 units at the end of 2025 indicates a recovery in the market for vehicles that are
    integral to the backbone of global commerce and infrastructure projects. As the demand for more efficient, sustainable, and reliable
    transportation solutions grows, the use of Auxiliary Power Units (“ APUs ”) in heavy duty trucks is becoming increasingly
    significant. APUs provide an alternative energy source for powering onboard systems and maintaining cabin comfort during rest periods,
    without the need for the main engine to run-thereby reducing fuel consumption and emissions. Additionally, the market opportunity
    extends to the electrification of Transport Refrigeration Units (“ TRUs ”) on trailers and smaller class refrigerated
    vehicles, which are crucial for the cold chain logistics sector. This shift towards electrification is driven by the need for more
    sustainable and efficient cooling solutions, reducing the carbon footprint of refrigerated transport. The expansion of global trade
    and the continuous push for lower emissions standards are driving the demand for heavy duty trucks equipped with APUs, as well as
    for the electrification of TRUs, highlighting a considerable market opportunity. This trend emphasizes the potential for advanced
    battery technologies not only as an environmental solution but also as a competitive advantage in the heavy-duty truck and refrigerated
    transport markets, offering a substantial retrofitting and market penetration opportunity for battery manufacturers and suppliers
    with the requisite expertise and product offerings. ● Industrial
                                            Vehicles and Work Trucks . The industrial vehicle market includes work trucks, service
                                            and utility vehicles, material handling and warehousing equipment, and other specialty fleet
                                            vehicles that support commercial, municipal, and industrial operations. These vehicles increasingly
                                            rely on onboard electrical systems to power tools, monitoring and communications equipment,
                                            safety systems, lighting, and other auxiliary loads. Demand
    in this market is driven by increased automation, electrification of onboard equipment, and the need for reliable power in duty-cycle
    intensive environments. Lithium iron phosphate (LFP) batteries are well-suited for these applications due to their long service life,
    safety profile, and ability to deliver consistent power with minimal maintenance compared to traditional lead-acid batteries. As
    fleet operators seek to improve reliability, reduce maintenance requirements, and support expanded electrical functionality, adoption
    of LFP-based energy storage solutions across industrial vehicles and work truck platforms continues to expand. 6 Addressable
Adjacent Markets Our
addressable markets are areas with significant growth potential that we will be positioned to penetrate as customers turn towards LFP
and other lithium-ion batteries as replacements for traditional lead-acid batteries. As these medium- and long-term markets mature, we
intend to deploy our solid-state technology, once developed, while concurrently continuing to further displace the incumbent lead-acid
technology. ● Emergency
    and Standby Power. Demand for reliable emergency and standby power sources is expected to continue to drive demand for effective
    power storage for residential, commercial and industrial uses. Power outages in the United States cost an estimated $150 billion
    per year, according to the Department of Energy, increasing the demand for uninterrupted power sources. The need for reliable emergency
    and standby power exists in both hazardous and non-hazardous environments and is particularly acute in areas where the existing grid
    service is subject to intermittencies or is otherwise inefficient (including as a result high peak electricity usage, grid and related
    equipment age or severe weather and other environmental factors). LFP batteries are able to offset grid-related intermittencies and
    inefficiencies and assist in providing grid stabilization. Importantly, LFP batteries achieve these benefits in a clean, reliable
    and safe manner by supplanting or reducing the use of fossil fuel backup generators. ● Data
    Centers. Data centers have seen strong growth in recent years, with over 5,000 data centers in the United States as of September
    2023 according to Statista. Constant technological advancements and larger amounts of data generated and stored by companies for
    increasingly longer periods of time are driving growth in the importance, and the amount, of physical space dedicated to data centers.
    As software companies, such as Google and Oracle, continue to develop new technologies, such as artificial intelligence, data centers
    where the computer and storage functions are co-located also continue to grow. As the industry seeks to cut operating costs, become
    more efficient and minimize dedicated physical space, we expect there to be a shift towards light, compact lithium-ion batteries
    that can reduce overall costs and provide a reliable power supply without sacrificing performance. Lithium-ion batteries are designed
    to operate in environments with higher ambient temperatures than incumbent energy storage methods (such as lead-acid batteries).
    This ability for lithium-ion batteries to withstand and operate at higher temperatures can also reduce cooling costs. ● On-grid
    Storage. On-grid energy storage is used on a large-scale platform within an electrical power grid in conjunction with variable
    renewable energy sources such as solar and wind projects. These storage units (including large-scale stationary batteries) store
    energy when electricity is plentiful, and discharge energy at peak times when electricity is scarce. Because of the low cost of fossil
    fuels, the adoption of large-scale batteries has been slow. However, according to the U.S. Energy Information Administration 2021
    report on battery storage in the United States, lithium-ion battery installations in large-scale storage grew from less than 50 MWh
    of energy capacity annual additions in 2010 to approximately 400 MWh in 2019. As lithium-ion battery production scales, the related
    cost of storage for all lithium-ion batteries will decline and the cost of renewable energy (including associated storage costs)
    is expected to approach $0.05 per kWh, which is the amount required to be cost competitive with the price of power from the electrical
    grid. We believe our ability to cost-effectively develop and manufacture LFP solid-state batteries will position renewable energy
    projects deploying these batteries to reach “grid parity” sooner. Our
Competitive Strengths We
believe that we possess the largest share in the markets we operate in due to our following business strengths, which distinguish us
in this competitive landscape and position us to capitalize on the anticipated continued growth in the energy storage market: ● Premier
    Lithium-Ion Battery Technology. Each of our innovative batteries features custom designed components to enhance power and
    performance in any application or setting. Our batteries feature LFP chemistry that is environmentally friendly, does not heat up
    or swell when charging or discharging, and generates more power in less physical space than competing lead-acid batteries. Unlike
    our competitors, our internal heating technology keeps our batteries within optimal internal conditions without drawing unnecessary
    energy and sustaining minimal energy drain. To protect our products, our batteries possess a proprietary battery management system
    that shuts off the ability to charge at 24 degrees Fahrenheit. This technology increases performance in cold weather conditions while
    possessing a unique heating solution that does not require an external energy source. ● Extensive,
    Growing Patent Portfolio. We have developed and filed patent applications on commercially relevant aspects of our business
    including chemical compositions systems and production processes. To date, we have owned 50 issued patents, with an additional 38
    patent applications pending, in the United States, Canada, Australia, Korea, Japan, India, China, and Europe (with individual patents
    in Germany, France and the United Kingdom). 7 ● Proven
    Go-To-Market Strategy. We have developed strong working relationships with major OEMs and fleets across the RV, marine, and
    heavy-duty trucking markets, which represent the primary focus of our commercial strategy. We custom design and engineer storage
    systems for new and existing applications and continue to expand relationships with leading OEMs, fleets, and distributors. Our established
    DTC platform supports brand awareness, customer education, and aftermarket demand. Extensive informational content and customer support
    resources provide technical guidance and facilitate customer transition from traditional lead-acid or incumbent lithium-ion batteries
    to our products. ● Established
                                            Customer Base with Brand Recognition. We have established a broad and diversified
                                            customer base that includes OEMs, distributors, upfitters, fleet operators, and end consumers
                                            across multiple end markets. Our products are deployed in a wide range of applications, including
                                            recreational vehicles, marine vessels, industrial and commercial power systems, and other
                                            mobile and stationary energy storage use cases. Brand
    recognition developed through our aftermarket presence has supported increased adoption by OEMs and fleet customers, many of whom
    integrate our products into factory-installed or system-level solutions. We believe this combination of channel diversity, repeat
    customer engagement, and expanding OEM and fleet relationships provides visibility into future growth opportunities as we continue
    to deepen existing partnerships and broaden system-level offerings ● High
    Quality Manufacturing Process. Unlike competitors that outsource their manufacturing processes, our batteries are designed,
    assembled and tested in the United States, ensuring that our manufacturing process is thoroughly tested and our batteries are of
    the highest quality as a result of governmental regulations for performance and safety. ● Drop-in
    Replacement. Our battery modules are largely designed to be “drop-in replacements” for traditional lead-acid
    batteries, which means that they are designed to fit standard RV or marine vessel configurations without any adjustments. Our target
    applications are powering devices and appliances in larger vehicles and low speed industrial vehicles. We offer a full line of compatible
    components and accessories to simplify the replacement process and provide consumers with customer service to ensure a seamless transition
    to our significantly safer and environmentally friendly battery. Over their lifetime, our batteries are significantly cheaper from
    both an absolute cost and a cost per energy perspective. These lifetime costs, at current costs and capacity, will naturally drop
    as we continue to take advantage of economies of scale. Our
Growth Strategy We
intend to leverage our competitive strengths, technology leadership and market share position to pursue our growth strategy through the
following: ● Expand
                                            Product Offerings. In the near term, our strategy is to expand and deepen our product
                                            offerings by providing customers with integrated power solutions rather than standalone components.
                                            We continue to broaden our portfolio of LFP batteries across existing voltage platforms and
                                            capacities while expanding the complementary components that enable complete power systems.
                                            These components include power management, monitoring, and communication technologies that
                                            support seamless system integration across a range of applications. In
    2024, we began selling batteries equipped with Dragonfly IntelLigence, a proprietary monitoring and communication platform that enables
    system-level visibility, optimization, and data collection across battery banks. Building on this foundation, we are focused on delivering
    a more comprehensive and interoperable power ecosystem that simplifies system design, installation, and operation for OEMs, distributors,
    and end customers. We believe this system-oriented approach enhances customer value, supports repeat adoption across applications,
    and expands our opportunity within our existing customer base. 8 ● Expand
    End Markets. We have identified additional end markets that we believe will increasingly adopt lithium-based energy storage
    solutions, including LFP batteries, as demand for reliable and efficient power grows. These markets include industrial and heavy-duty
    trucking applications, where adoption has progressed from pilot programs to early commercial deployments. While revenue contribution
    remains in the early stages, we have seen initial validation through production orders and expanding customer engagement. We aim
    to build on this momentum by continuing to develop products tailored to these end users. ● Commercialize
    our Dry Electrode Cell Manufacturing Technology. We have developed and continue to advance our proprietary and patented dry
    electrode cell manufacturing technology, which is designed to enable the production of lithium-based battery cells across multiple
    chemistries using a less capital-intensive and more energy-efficient process than conventional wet coating methods. The dry deposition
    process is chemistry agnostic and supports manufacturing in a smaller physical footprint, contributing to lower total production
    costs. An independent third-party assessment found that this dry electrode manufacturing approach has the potential to be more scalable,
    cost-effective, and environmentally sustainable than conventional slurry-based processes. We have demonstrated the ability to manufacture
    both anode and cathode materials using this process and have produced sample cells incorporating PFAS-free binders and automotive-grade
    electrode loadings. Ongoing development efforts are focused on process optimization and equipment scaling to support future commercial
    deployment ● Develop
    and Commercialize Solid-State Technology. We believe solid-state technology presents a significant advantage to all products
    currently on the market, with the potential to be lighter, smaller, safer and cheaper. Once we have optimized the chemistry of our
    LFP solid-state batteries to enhance conductivity and power, we intend to scale up for mass production of separate solid-state batteries
    for various applications and use cases. Our
Products and Technology Chemistry
Comparison Lead-acid
batteries were the first form of rechargeable battery to be developed and modified across different platforms for a variety of uses,
from powering small electronics to use for energy storage in back-up power supplies in cell phone towers. Since the development in the
1970s of AGM lead-acid batteries, a form of sealed lead-acid battery that enables operation in any position, there has been limited innovation
in lead-acid battery technology. The push to develop longer-lasting, lower-cost, more environmentally-friendly and faster-charging batteries
has led to the development of lithium-ion batteries and, within the lithium-ion battery market, different chemistries. There
are several dominant battery chemistries in the lithium-ion market that can be used for different purposes. Two widely adopted chemistries
found in the market today are nickel manganese cobalt (“ NMC ”), and nickel cobalt aluminum (“ NCA ”).
The higher energy density and shorter cycle life found in NMC and NCA batteries are suitable for markets where fast charging and high
energy density are required, such as electric vehicle (“ EV ”) powertrains and consumer electronics. LFP batteries are
best suited for energy storage markets where long life and affordability are paramount, such as RV, marine vessel, off-grid storage,
onboard tools, material handling, utility-grade storage, telecom, rail and data center markets. 9 NMC
batteries are highly dependent on two metals that present significant constraints - nickel, which is facing an industry-wide
shortage, and cobalt, a large percentage of which comes from conflict-ridden countries. As a result, a growing number of companies are
expected to transition to LFP batteries. Both of these elements are also subject to commodity price fluctuations, making NMC and NCA
batteries less cost-effective than LFP batteries. LFP batteries do not contain these elements and materials can be sourced domestically,
and are therefore not subject to these shortages, geopolitical concerns or commodity price fluctuations. In fact, LFP batteries have
no toxic elements, offering a much safer environmental alternative. The temperature threshold for thermal runaway (i.e., lithium-ion
battery overheating that can result in an internal chemical reaction) is higher for LFP batteries as compared to NMC and NCA batteries,
making LFP batteries less flammable and safer. LFP
batteries have a useful life of approximately 10 to 15 years compared to one to two years for lead-acid batteries, and typically charge
up to five times faster. LFP batteries are also not constrained by weight (having the same energy capacity at one-fifth of the weight)
or temperature (having the ability to generate power even in low temperatures and to not swell or heat up when charging or discharging)
and are generally maintenance free. In
the electric vehicle market, the race to provide the highest energy density facilitating frequent, rapid acceleration, greatest range
and fastest charging battery - all while competing on cost - is where many new battery companies are prioritizing
their efforts. Success in the electric vehicle market requires use of chemistries capable of optimization to these requirements. In our
targeted stationary storage markets, the ideal solution requires a safe, long-lasting battery in terms of discharge/charge cycles with
a focus on providing a steady power stream. LFP batteries are better suited for the stationary storage market compared to NMC and NCA
batteries, as LFP batteries are safer and have a significantly longer life cycle making them more cost-effective. The market for utility
grade storage, particularly for clean energy projects, and the related adoption of lithium-ion batteries (including LFP batteries) is
expected to increase as the fully loaded cost of energy (production and storage) approaches cost parity with inexpensive fossil fuel
energy provided through the electric grid. Compared to NMC and NCA batteries, LFP batteries are at or much closer to grid parity. Dry
Electrode Cell Manufacturing Technology Since
our inception, we have been developing proprietary dry-electrode manufacturing processes for which we have issued patents and pending
patent applications, where appropriate. Dry-electrode manufacturing eliminates the use of toxic and expensive solvents and energy-intensive
drying ovens in the cell manufacturing process. This in turn reduces the energy usage, space requirements, carbon footprint, and overall
cost as compared to conventional slurry-based methods. Furthermore, the manufacturing technology is chemistry agnostic - meaning it can
produce battery cells across a variety of different chemistries and application use cases. In 2023, we completed the construction of
our dry-electrode manufacturing pilot line, demonstrated the ability to produce Anode and Cathode electrode tapes at scale using this
manufacturing process. We have developed sample cells for prospective customers across a variety of chemistries and end-markets and are
designing equipment for scaled production of full cells. Solid-State
Cells LFP
batteries are not without their disadvantages. While less flammable than other chemistries, the existence of a flammable liquid electrolyte
still poses safety risks. Like all liquid-based lithium-ion batteries, LFP batteries have a potential to produce solid lithium dendrites,
icicle-like formations which can pierce the physical separators in LFP batteries, which are necessary in LFP batteries to separate the
positively charged liquid electrolyte from the negatively charged liquid electrolyte, and which, over time, will degrade the performance
of LFP batteries and potentially result in fire-related risks. The next phase in the development of lithium-ion batteries is solid-state
cell development, which contains a solid, rather than a liquid, electrolyte, eliminating many of the current disadvantages to LFP batteries
while increasing the safety of the battery cells. We believe that the development of our solid-state technology will provide us with
a unique competitive advantage. Compared
to current lithium-ion technology, where lithium-ions cross a liquid electrolyte barrier between a battery’s anode (negative electrode)
and cathode (positive electrode), solid-state batteries aim to use a solid electrolyte to regulate the lithium-ions. As a battery charges
and discharges, an electrochemical reaction occurs creating a flow of electrical energy between the cathode, electrolyte and anode as
the electrodes lose and reacquire electrons. In addition to the use of non-toxic electrode components, the removal of a liquid electrolyte
will eliminate the risk of fire, making solid-state cells inherently safe. The move to a non-liquid electrolyte also means that solid-state
batteries will be, on average, smaller and lighter than existing lithium-ion batteries. The process for manufacturing our solid-state
cells is described below under “- Research and Development ”. 10 Our
Products We
provide various industries with clean, reliable, and efficient power solutions through our comprehensive product portfolio. These products
and solutions are sold to both OEMs and aftermarket customers. Our
lead product line is Battle Born Batteries product line, respected for its exceptional performance and durability. When compared to traditional
lead-acid options, Battle Born Batteries deliver two to three times the power in the same physical space, one-fifth the weight for equal
usable power, and up to five times faster charging. Additionally, these batteries have extended lifespans of 3,000-5,000 cycles, translating
to ten to fifteen years of reliable use under typical conditions. This longevity is backed by our 10-year warranty, showcasing our commitment
to quality. The Battle Born Batteries product line currently features various sizes and configurations including models with proprietary
built-in heating for cold weather charging and Dragonfly IntelLigence®, a communication technology that unlocks real-time monitoring,
instant notifications, various protocol integration and superior battery protection. A focus on safety is central to our products, and
all Battle Born Battery products utilize LiFePO4 chemistry, the safest lithium-ion chemistry available on the market. Additionally, our
battery products undergo rigorous testing under stringent industry standards like UL Standard 2054, IEC 62133, UN 38.3 and IP65 to ensure
safety and reliability. Looking
beyond batteries, we also offer a diverse range of power products. ● Battle
    Born Inverters and Inverter/Chargers. Our inverter and inverter/charger products provide pure sine wave AC power from DC battery
    systems and are designed for use in mobile, off-grid, and industrial applications. These systems support reliable power delivery
    for onboard electronics, appliances, and critical loads, and include features such as integrated transfer switching, configurable
    charging profiles, and compatibility with lithium and lead-acid battery chemistries. These products are designed to integrate with
    our battery systems as part of complete energy storage solutions. ● Wakespeed
    Power Management Solutions. Our Wakespeed product line includes advanced power management and charging solutions designed to optimize
    battery system performance in mobile and industrial applications. The WS500 Advanced Alternator Regulator and WS500 Pro utilize real-time
    current, voltage, and temperature inputs to precisely control alternator output and battery charging. These systems support both
    lithium and lead-acid battery chemistries and are designed to improve charging efficiency, protect system components, and simplify
    installation and operation. In addition, we offer a 48V–12V bi-directional converter, which enables power transfer between
    voltage systems to support integrated, multi-voltage energy storage architectures. ● Battle
    Born All-Electric APU and DualFlow Power Pack. Designed for heavy-duty trucking applications, our lithium-powered auxiliary power
    solutions provide stored energy to support hotel loads, including HVAC systems, appliances, and onboard electronics during driver
    rest periods. These systems are designed to reduce engine idling, lower fuel consumption, and improve driver comfort. Our DualFlow
    Power Pack integrates battery storage with vehicle power systems to enable efficient energy management while maintaining battery
    charge during operation. These solutions are pre-assembled and designed for streamlined integration into commercial vehicle platforms. Additionally,
as a distributor of leading brands like Victron, Rich Solar, and REDARC, we act as a one-stop shop for full system integration, catering
to both OEMs and retail customers. Our complete offering allows customers to benefit from clean and sustainable power, extended lifespans,
reduced costs, increased efficiency, and seamless integration - all backed by expert service and support. 11 Battery
Management System Our
proprietary battery management system is developed and tested in-house. It offers a complete solution for monitoring and controlling
our complex battery systems and is designed to protect battery cells from damage in various scenarios. We believe our battery management
system is industry-leading as it: ● enables
    batteries to draw power under 135 degrees Fahrenheit, and is designed to cut off charging at 24 degrees Fahrenheit to protect cells; ● actively
    monitors the rate of change of currents to detect and prevent short circuiting, and also protects against potential ground faults; ● allows
    for up to an average of 300 amps continuously, 500 amp surges for 30 seconds, and momentary, half second maximum capacity surges; ● enables
    batteries to recharge even if completely drained; ● utilizes
    larger resistors to ensure balanced loads to improve performance and extend useful life; and ● facilitates
    scalability by enabling batteries to be combined in parallel and in series. Battery
Communication System We
have developed a complete communication system branded Dragonfly IntelLigence, for which a U.S. non-provisional patent application and
an international PCT patent application have been filed, to be used with Dragonfly Energy OEM systems and Battle Born batteries and bundles.
This communication system will enable end customers to monitor each battery in real time, providing information on energy input and output
and current or voltage imbalances. The communication system will be able to communicate with up to 24 batteries in a bank at one time
and aggregate the data received from these batteries into a central system such as a phone or tablet. We began offering the Dragonfly
IntelLigence product line to OEMs in the third quarter of 2024, and to retail consumers in the fourth quarter of 2024. Alternator
Regulation Charging
batteries in a vehicle, such as a boat or RV, often requires pulling electrical current off of the vehicle’s alternator. Alternator
regulation is important to ensure that the alternator does not get unduly stressed during the current delivery to the batteries, and
that the current delivery remains within the operating limits of the onboard battery bank. The acquisition of the assets of Wakespeed
has allowed us to deliver our own proprietary solution to alternator regulation while also leveraging an established brand name. Wakespeed
is especially popular in the marine industry, and our ability to offer this complete solution sets the stage for further penetration
into marine markets. Product
Pipeline Beyond
our current battery modules, we have several LFP products in development that will enable us to access additional end markets. ● New
    Products. Our current offerings feature battery products that serve the RV, marine vessel and off-grid markets. Although
    manufacturing operations were previously capacity constrained the expansion into our new manufacturing facility will allow us to
    add production capacity and increase product offerings and scale based on demand. ● The
    majority of our current batteries are 12 volt batteries, which provide 100 amp hours of energy and are an affordable solution to
    customers utilizing smaller or lower power applications. The smaller stature and drop-in replacement nature of these batteries have
    made these popular within the RV and marine vessel markets. Through the expansion of our 12 voltage battery product offerings, we
    will be able to penetrate further into additional applications including towable RVs, truck campers and trolling motors for small
    boats. 12 ● We
    also offer 24 voltage batteries, which currently deliver 50 amp hours, and plan to further expand our 24 voltage battery offerings
    to provide additional drop-in replacements for AGM batteries. A single 24 voltage battery is more efficient than two 12 voltage batteries
    due to the ability to power directly from the source without sacrificing power through cables and connectors. This attractive power
    source is ideal for off-grid housing, telecommunication, solar, marine and motorized home markets, providing enhanced power to larger
    scale applications. A vast majority of telecommunication cell sites utilize 24 voltage batteries, greatly expanding our addressable
    market. ● We
    intend to expand our portfolio of 48 volt battery systems designed to improve efficiency and support larger-scale energy storage
    applications. These systems are expected to incorporate our Dragonfly IntelLigence platform to enable system monitoring, control,
    and performance optimization. These higher-voltage solutions are well-suited for applications requiring greater power capacity, including
    mobile, off-grid, and industrial use cases. ● System
    Integrator. A natural evolution of our business is to offer customers a system integration solution providing more efficient
    power solutions at a cost-effective price point. We currently offer components and accessories necessary to build out complete lithium
    power systems, including solar panels, chargers and inverters, system monitoring, Wakespeed’s alternator regulators, accessories,
    and more. We have an in-house expert customer service team that assists customers in fully integrating their applications to our
    technologies for a seamless transition to lithium-based energy storage systems. Through our evolving technology and the customized
    architecture and application of our products, we are able to offer customers a seamless transition to creating a centralized coordinated
    system. Research
and Development Our
research and development team has built up its efforts to support two main initiatives - (1) scale up of our patented dry electrode process
for cell manufacturing and (2) the advanced manufacturing of solid-state lithium-ion batteries. We believe the dry electrode process
can be leveraged to help us vertically integrate from a pack supplier to a cell supplier - positioning ourselves for long-term competitiveness
in the given geopolitical, economic, and technological landscapes. Our innovations in dry electrode processing result in reduced manufacturing
costs, CO 2 equivalents, and factory footprint while eliminating the need for solvents like N-Methyl-2-pyrrolidone (“ NMP ”).
A third-party assessment conducted by Sphere Energy confirming these benefits has been completed in the first quarter of 2024 relating
to cost effectiveness and sustainability of our dry electrode battery manufacturing process (the “ Sphere Energy Assessment ”). The
Sphere Energy Assessment concluded that our dry electrode battery manufacturing process resulted in a 9% reduced carbon footprint of
cell manufacturing with no toxic NMP solvent required, resulting in a significantly more sustainable process. This sustainability advantage
is further augmented by a 71% reduction in energy usage during electrode manufacturing using our process (spray drying, coating, calendaring)
compared to standard cell manufacturing operations (slurry casting, drying, calendaring). By removing the need for large and expensive
drying ovens, our manufacturing process requires 22% less square footage. The culmination of these advantages results in a 25% reduction
in emissions from energy use, making our manufacturing process more sustainable and much more environmentally friendly as compared to
conventional manufacturing methods. In
addition to the energy savings, the cost assessment found our process to be highly cost-effective with an estimated 5% savings (depending
on cell chemistry) on process-related costs compared to conventional methods. Importantly, these savings were calculated without the
additional cost benefits provided by domestically manufacturing battery cells such as Inflation Reduction Act tax credits (issued by
the IRS), tariffs, and shipping. The
dry electrode battery manufacturing process we employ uses a patented spray coating technology to adhere the anode and cathode electrodes,
eliminating the need for large, energy-intensive equipment such as slurry coaters, conveyor dryers, and NMP processing equipment. This
process is chemistry agnostic, allowing for the various applications, such as electric vehicles, consumer electronics, and energy storage,
which is expected to enable us to expand into new markets and to achieve our goal of domestically producing nonflammable all-solid-state
battery cells. We
have successfully produced anode and cathode electrode reels at scale using the dry electrode process and are now qualifying prototype
cells for the core business and potential partners. When compared to slurry cast electrode tapes, which is the conventional manufacturing
method, electrode tapes produced using the dry electrode process match or surpass mechanical integrity and electrochemical performance.
We are considering joint development agreements, licensing agreements, and offtake agreements as instruments of partnership with interested
parties. 13 In
comparison with traditional manufacturing methods, our patented process leverages two off-the-shelf technologies to deliver the stated
cell manufacturing benefits - spray drying and electrostatic powder coating. Technical risk is reduced by using off-the-shelf equipment
and both unit operations continue to be optimized in 2025. A new set of spray dryers have arrived at our facility in the second quarter
of 2024, enabling us to produce larger volumes of material for the electrode coating lines. However, we have delayed the deployment of
these spray dryers until at least the third quarter of 2027 as we focus on designing larger-scale electrode coating equipment. We
have developed our patented to be chemistry agnostic and capable of producing current cell chemistries (graphite, LCO, LFP, LTO, NCA,
NMC, LTO, silicon, etc.) and next generation cell chemistries (sodium-ion, solid-state, ionic liquid electrolytes, etc.). We believe
this flexibility and our robust intellectual property protection internationally positions us well for potential partnerships with cell
manufacturers, EV companies, and other pack suppliers in need of cell capacity. The next stage in technical development is to produce
larger volumes of sample cells for qualification. These production runs will be completed with partners in the United States and at our
own facilities. We have invested significant resources into developing an in-house comprehensive understanding of cell manufacturing
- raw material qualification, quality control such as, cell failure diagnostics, aging, and formation processes. Our research and development
Lab is equipped with over $20 million in research infrastructure to support the development of new cell chemistries, process quality
control, failure diagnostics, and more. This equipment includes quality control instruments (ex. moisture analysis, particle size analysis,
peel testing and titrations) and cutting-edge research instrumentation such as en operando nuclear magnetic resonance (“ NMR ”),
electron microscopes with lithium-tracking capabilities, and en operando x-ray diffraction. This infrastructure has allowed us to optimize
the dry-electrode process, allowing our team to match or surpass traditional electrode tape performance and mechanical integrity. Because
our process is dry and the active material is coated directly onto the current collector, interfacial and composite resistivity of the
electrode tapes often surpass the quality of slurry cast equivalents. 14 Our
solid-state technology continues to progress as we qualify new chemistries and refine the dry electrode process for solid-state applications.
Currently, we are cycling solid-state coin cells, although we have delayed the production of prototype pouch cells until at least the
beginning of 2027. These cell chemistries are nonflammable, solid-state, and an LFP/graphite cell chemistry. We believe these cells will
be a pivotal technology in grid storage applications once fully deployed. We intend to integrate our conventional and solid-state cells
produced using our dry-electrode process into the existing Dragonfly Energy and Battle Born Batteries product portfolios. Headquarters,
Manufacturing, and Production On
February 8, 2022, we entered into a 124-month lease for an additional 390,240 square foot warehouse. In November 2024, we relocated our
headquarters from our 99,000 square foot facility in Reno, Nevada to our new 390,240 square foot facility also in Reno, Nevada, which
has allowed us to increase our production capacity and gives us the ability to increase sales to existing customers and penetrate new
markets. Our 390,240 square foot facility provides a streamlined, partially autonomous production process for our current batteries,
which comprises module assembly and battery assembly, with the availability to expand the number of lines to handle increased volumes
and the additional battery modules we intend to introduce in the near future. We do not own any real estate property. We currently have
four production lines. We continue to have the capability to expand our production volumes
and line quantities to support increased volumes of new products we intend to introduce soon. Our
manufacturing process is divided into two aspects - (1) module assembly and (2) battery assembly. We use a combination of trained employees
and automated processes to increase production capacity and lower costs while maintaining the same level of quality our customers expect
from our products. Module assembly is a significantly automated process, implementing custom-designed equipment and systems to suit our
production needs. This includes cycling of individual cells to detect faulty components and to enable sorting by capacity. Our custom-designed
automated welders spot weld individual cells that are assembled into specified module jigs based on the desired amp hour. Completed modules
are then fully discharged, recharged fully, and sorted by capacity. Battery assembly is performed largely by hand by our trained employees,
although we continue to look for innovative ways to integrate automation into this process. Our proprietary battery management system
is thoroughly tested for quality cutoffs, then mounted onto individual modules, before the modules are bolted into its casing. We aim
to automate the battery management system testing and installation process, which we expect could increase production capacity fourfold.
We are currently implementing an automated process for the gluing and sealing process, which would incorporate a two-robot system for
gluing and epoxying, as well as a glue pallet system to move finished batteries. After the assembled batteries are tested and sealed,
they are processed for outbound distribution. 15 Supplier
Relationships We
have a well-established, global supply chain that underlies the sourcing of the components for our products, although we source domestically
wherever possible. We aim to maintain approximately six months’ worth of all components, other than cells, which we pre-order in
advance for the year to ensure adequate supply. For nearly all of our components, other than our battery management system, we ensure
that we have alternative suppliers available. Our battery management system is sourced from a single supplier based in China who we have
a nearly 10-year relationship with and who manufactures this component exclusively for us based on our proprietary design. Our cells
are sourced from two different, carefully selected cell manufacturers in China who are able to meet our demanding quality standards.
As a result of our long-standing relationships with these suppliers, we are able to source LFP cells on favorable terms and within reasonable
lead-times. As
we look toward the production of our traditional and solid-state cells, we have signed a Commercial Offtake Agreement with a lithium
mining company and a lithium recycling company, both located in Nevada for the supply of lithium. Customers;
RV OEM Strategic Arrangements We
currently serve more than 23,000 customers in North America. Our existing customers consist of leading OEMs (such as Keystone, THOR,
REV Group and Airstream); distributors (who purchase large quantities of batteries from us and sell to consumers); upfitters (who augment
or customize vehicles for specific needs); and retail customers (who purchase from us directly). For the years ended December 31, 2025
and 2024, OEM sales represented 63.0% and 54.5% of our total revenues, respectively. We
have deep, long-standing relationships with many of our customers. We also have a diverse customer base, with our top 10 customers accounting
for 57.5% of our revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025, in which only two customers accounted for more than 10% of our revenue.
Our customers primarily utilize our products for RVs, marine vessels and off-grid residences. We work directly with OEMs to ensure compatibility
with existing designs and also collaborate on custom designs for new applications. The
RV market is characterized by low barriers to entry. In North America, there are two large publicly traded RV companies, THOR Industries
and REV Group, in addition to a number of independent RV OEMs. THOR and REV each own a number well-known RV OEM brands and their related
companies. These brands compete on a number of factors such as format (e.g., motorized or towable), price, design, value, quality and
service. On November 19, 2021, we entered into a long-term Manufacturing Supply Agreement with Keystone, a member of the THOR group and
the largest towable RV OEM in North America (the “ Supply Agreement ”). Under the Supply Agreement, we will be the exclusive
supplier to Keystone for certain of its future LFP battery requirements, solidifying our long standing relationship with Keystone. 16 In
July 2022, we strengthened our ties with the THOR group of RV OEMs when (i) THOR Industries made a $15,000,000 strategic investment in
us and (ii) we agreed to enter into a future, mutually agreed distribution arrangement and joint IP development arrangement. This arrangement
helps facilitate our ongoing efforts to drive adoption of our products (leveraging the trend of LFP batteries increasingly replacing
lead-acid batteries) by, among other things, increasing the number of RV OEMs that “design in” our batteries as original
equipment and entering into arrangements with members of the various OEM dealer networks to stock our batteries for service and for aftermarket
replacement sales. Once the distribution agreement has been negotiated and signed, during a to-be-agreed transition period, we will use
commercially reasonable efforts to cease marketing and selling our products to other RV OEMs and suppliers to RV OEMs in North America.
Although the full distribution agreement with THOR has not been executed and is subject to negotiation in the future, its terms are expected
to include: (i) an initial term of 24 months, which THOR may renew for successive one-year periods; (ii) a requirement that we be the
sole provider of lithium-ion batteries to the US-based THOR family of companies for THOR sales in the United States, subject to agreed
exceptions; (iii) favored pricing for products and negotiated rebates or other incentives; (iv) a requirement that THOR and its North
American OEMs be our exclusive RV OEM customers for our products in North America, subject to agreed exceptions; and (v) agreeable terms
with respect to registered and unregistered intellectual property rights and technology rights (which do not include our existing intellectual
property, including our solid-state battery technologies and related IP rights), including necessary licenses between the parties, third
party licenses, and allocation of ownership of any intellectual property rights and/or technology rights developed as a result of development
efforts jointly undertaken between THOR and us, subject to certain limitations. We
continue to seek to grow our customer base within our existing segments; however, we also believe that our products are well suited to
address the needs in additional segments, including residential, commercial and/or industrial standby power, long-haul trucking, industrial
vehicles (such as forklifts, material handling equipment and compact construction equipment) and specialty vehicles (such as emergency
vehicles, utility vehicles and municipal vehicles) and we will seek to expand our market share in these segments in the future. Sales
and Marketing Our
proven sales and marketing strategy has allowed us to penetrate our current end markets efficiently. We have established a highly efficient
sales and marketing strategy, to penetrate targeted end markets and ensuring prominent visibility for our Battle Born Batteries and Wakespeed
brands. We prioritize educating our customer base about the benefits of LFP batteries as a superior investment compared to traditional
lead-acid options. Informational videos published on our website and social media platforms highlight these advantages, complemented
by written guides that assist customers in configuring, installing, and utilizing battery systems and accessories. This messaging is
further reinforced through our active presence at tradeshows, live webinars, and other in-person training events with dealers and customers,
fostering direct engagement and ensuring comprehensive product understanding. Participation in these events fosters strong relationships
with both OEMs and retail customers, keeping us attuned to evolving preferences. By leveraging this customer feedback, we collaborate
with major OEMs to design solutions tailored to new and existing applications. Additionally,
we foster relationships with key industry publications, securing valuable editorial coverage that showcases our innovative power solutions
and how they are used. We believe these strategic collaborations position our brands as industry leaders within our markets and to the
general public as a whole, further strengthening brand awareness and consumer confidence. We
also leverage targeted pay-per-click advertising campaigns across various platforms, including search engines, and social media. This
data driven approach ensures efficient conversion of high-intent customers at the bottom of the purchase funnel, maximizing return on
investment and driving targeted brand awareness among potential buyers. Direct
relationships with retail customers remain a core value. Our user-friendly website facilitates direct purchases of Battle Born Batteries
and Wakespeed products, along with well-known third-party components, allowing customers to explore and acquire complete system solutions
in one convenient location. Furthermore, a dedicated team of in-house experts provides comprehensive sales, technical, and service support
to ensure our valued customers receive exceptional care and expertise. Competition The
energy storage market is highly competitive, with traditional lead-acid batteries still dominating. However, lithium-ion adoption continues
to grow as customers seek better performance and longer lifespans. We compete with traditional lead-acid manufacturers and distributers,
such as East Penn, Trojan, and Interstate and companies importing and white-labeling low-cost lithium products. This influx of inexpensive
overseas batteries has intensified price competition. We believe our products stand out through American design and assembly, premium
components, superior customer service, and full system design capabilities. Our batteries are lighter and longer-lasting compared to
traditional lead-acid batteries, and easy to install as direct replacements for lead-acid batteries. Proprietary technologies, including
advanced battery management systems, integrated heat capabilities, and intelligent battery communication, ensure reliable, high-performance
energy storage as compared to traditional lead-acid batteries and other lithium-ion products. 17 With
regard to solid-state technology, we have two main competitors, QuantumScape and Solid Power. While both of these competitors are focused
on the development of solid-state technology for use in the propulsion of electric vehicles, we are focused on power storage applications,
which has different requirements. We believe that our proprietary processes, systems and materials provide us with a significant competitive
advantage in developing a fully solid-state, non-toxic and highly cost-effective energy solution. As
our solid-state technology comes to fruition and we begin to commercialize this product, we intend to become a vertically integrated
battery company, internalizing all aspects of the manufacturing and assembly process. This is comparable to companies such as Tesla,
BYD Limited and Li-Cycle. Our solid-state technology will also enable us to further penetrate the energy storage market, and we expect
to compete with technology-focused energy storage companies such as EOS Energy, ESS and STEM. Intellectual
Property The
success of our business and our technology leadership is supported by our proprietary battery technology. We have received patents and
filed patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions to provide protection for our technology. We rely upon a combination
of patent, trademark and trade secret laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as license agreements and other contractual
protections, to establish, maintain and enforce rights in our proprietary technologies. In addition, we seek to protect our intellectual
property rights through non-disclosure and invention assignment agreements with our employees and consultants and through non-disclosure
agreements with business partners and other third parties. As
of December 31, 2025, we owned 50 issued patents and 38 filed and pending patent applications. The pending patent applications are down
from prior year since we abandoned 9 that were no longer useful. The patents and patent applications cover the United States, Canada,
Australia, Korea, Japan, India, China, and Europe (with individual patents in Germany, France and the United Kingdom). We periodically
review and update our patent portfolio to protect our products and newly developed technologies. Currently, we have a combination of
issued patents and pending patent applications covering the ornamental design of our GC2 and GC3 batteries, a device and method for monitoring
battery systems, pre-coated solid-state electrolyte and electroactive powders and their methods of manufacture, methods and systems for
the dry spray deposition of materials in an electrochemical cell; a thermal fuse; battery systems implementing a mesh network communication
protocol; a power charging system for use during towing of a vehicle; and a power charging system with temperature based charging control.
These patents are expected to have expired or expire between May 2033 and 2043, absent any patent term adjustments or extensions. We
periodically review our development efforts to assess the existence and patentability of new intellectual property. We pursue the registration
of our domain names and trademarks and service marks in the United States and other jurisdictions. In
an effort to protect our brand, as of December 31, 2025, we owned 41 trademarks globally. Dragonfly owns 18 trademark registrations to
cover our house marks in the United States, including 8 registered trademarks for our design marks in the United States and we have 23
registered trademarks internationally. Government
Regulation and Compliance We
currently operate from a dedicated leased manufacturing facility located in Reno, Nevada as well as a leased R&D facility in Sparks,
Nevada. We have never owned any facility at which we operated. Operations at our facilities are subject to a variety of environmental,
health and safety regulations, including those governing the generation, handling, storage, use, transportation, and disposal of hazardous
materials. To conduct our operations, we have to obtain environmental, health, and safety permits and registrations and prepare plans.
We are subject to inspections and possible citations by federal, state, and local environmental, health, and safety regulators. In transit,
lithium-ion batteries are subject to rules governing the transportation of “dangerous goods.” We have policies and programs
in place to assure compliance with our obligations, such as policies relating to workplace safety, fire prevention, hazardous material
management and other emergency action plans. We train our employees and conduct audits of our operations to assess our fulfillment of
these policies. 18 We
are also subject to laws imposing liability for the cleanup of releases of hazardous substances. Under the law, we can be liable even
if we did not cause a release on real property that we lease. We believe we have taken commercially reasonable steps to avoid such liability
with respect to our current leased facilities. Employees
and Human Capital Resources As
of December 31, 2025, we had 141 employees: 137 full-time, 1 part-time and 3 interns. We have adopted our Code of Ethics to support and
protect our culture, and we strive to create a workplace culture in line with our values: “Tell the Truth,” “Be Fair,”
“Keep Your Promises,” “Respect Individuals,” and “Encourage Intellectual Curiosity.” As part of our
initiative to retain and develop our talent, we focus on these key areas: ● Safety - Employees
    are regularly educated in safety around their workspaces, and employees participate in volunteer roles on a safety committee, and
    in emergency readiness roles. We have a dedicated safety coordinator who tracks and measures our performance, and helps us benchmark
    our safety programs against our peers. ● Diversity,
    Equity & Inclusion - Our culture has benefitted from the diversity of our workforce from the very beginning.
    Inclusion and equity are “baked into the bricks” of our values, which our employees demonstrate every day. Our human
    resources department and all our corporate officers and directors have an open door policy, and are able to constructively communicate
    with employees to resolve issues when they arise. ● Collaboration - As
    we grow, opportunities for cross-functional collaboration are not as organic as they used to be. We have responded to that change
    by staying mindful and acting intentionally to gather cross-functional input on new initiatives and continuous improvement efforts. ● Continuous
    Improvement - We apply continuous improvement measures to processes as well as people. We encourage professional
    development of our employees, through ongoing learning, credentialing, and collaboration with their industry peers. Attracting
and retaining high quality talent at every level of our business is crucial to our continuing success. We have developed relationships
with the University of Nevada Reno and the Nevada System of Higher Education to further our recruitment reach. We provide competitive
compensation and benefits packages, including performance-based compensation that rewards individual and organizational achievements. Recent
Developments In
March 2026, we implemented a strategic cost realignment designed to reduce operating expenses, better align incentives with shareholders
and sharpen our focus on our commercial channels, including OEM, trucking, and industrial end markets. We expect the initiative to generate
approximately $8.9 million in annualized savings. Key elements of the initiative include: ● Board
    and Executive Leadership Compensation Adjustments : Each member of our executive leadership team and Board of Directors has agreed
    to reduce their cash compensation by approximately 20% for the remainder of fiscal 2026, effective April 1, 2026. In lieu of cash
    compensation, they have received equity-based incentives, aligning incentives with long-term shareholder value. ● Workforce
    and Compensation Adjustments : We have implemented a 20% reduction in total payroll expense through a combination of targeted
    workforce reductions and salary adjustments. Non-executive employees participating in salary reductions have received equity-based
    compensation. ● Reduction
    in Discretionary Spending : We are reducing discretionary spending, including a reduction in DTC-focused marketing expenses, as
    we shifts resources towards growing commercial revenues. ● Facility
    Consolidation : We are consolidating our rental space, which is expected to result in a $4.0 million reduction in expenses. Corporate
Information In
October 2022, we completed the merger in connection with our business combination. On March 31, 2023, we changed our state of incorporation
from the State of Delaware to the State of Nevada (the “ Reincorporation ”) pursuant to a plan of conversion dated March
30, 2023.The mailing address of our principal executive office is 12915 Old Virginia Road, Reno, Nevada 89521, and our telephone number
is (775) 622-3448. On
December 18, 2025, we effected a reverse stock split of our issued and outstanding common stock at a ratio of 1-for-10 (the “ Reverse
Stock Split ”). Shares of common stock underlying outstanding stock options and other equity instruments convertible into common
stock were proportionately reduced and the respective exercise prices, if applicable, were proportionately increased in accordance with
the terms of the agreements governing such securities in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. No fractional shares were issued in
connection with the Reverse Stock Split. The Company paid cash in lieu of any fractional shares to which a stockholder of record was
otherwise entitled as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. All of our historical share and per share information related to issued and
outstanding common stock and outstanding options and warrants exercisable for common stock included or incorporated by reference in this
prospectus have been adjusted, on a retroactive basis, to reflect the Reverse Stock Split. We
file periodic reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. Such reports, proxy statements and other information may
be obtained, free of charge, by visiting the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov that contains all of the reports, proxy and information
statements, and other information that we electronically file or furnish to the SEC. We also maintain a website at www.dragonflyenergy.com
where we make available the proxy statements, press releases, registration statements and reports on Forms 3, 4, 8-K, 10-K and 10-Q that
we (and in the case of Section 16 reports, our insiders) file with the SEC. These forms are made available as soon as reasonably practicable
after such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Press releases are also issued via electronic transmission
to provide access to our financial and product news, and we provide notification of and access to voice and internet broadcasts of our
quarterly and annual results. Our website also includes investor presentations and corporate governance materials. 19 Item
1A.

--- VENDORS ---
Vendors ● We
    rely on components and other inputs that are sourced from a variety of domestic and international vendors. ● We
    rely on long-term relationships with our suppliers but have not significant long-term contracts with such suppliers. ● Our
    future success will depend in large measure upon our ability to maintain our existing supplier relationships and/or develop new ones. ● This
    reliance exposes us to the risk of inadequate and untimely supplies of various products due to political, economic, social, health,
    or environmental conditions, transportation delays, or changes in laws and regulations affecting distribution. ● Our
    vendors may be forced to reduce their production, shut down their operations or file for bankruptcy protection, which could make
    it difficult for us to serve the market needs and could have a material adverse effect on our business. 20 Risks
Related to Intellectual Property ● We
    rely heavily upon our intellectual property portfolio. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our business
    and competitive position would be harmed. ● We
    may need to defend ourselves against intellectual property infringement claims, which may be time-consuming and could cause us to
    incur substantial costs. General

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and components, may be adversely affected
by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions, which could directly
affect our ability to attain our operating goals on schedule and on budget, including requiring us to delay or abandon certain development
plans and could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price. In addition, there is a
risk that one or more of our current suppliers may not survive an economic downturn, which could directly affect our ability to attain
our operating goals on schedule and within budget. 32 Changes
in trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs or other trade restrictions, could materially impact our ability to obtain the
raw materials, active pharmaceutical ingredients, and other components necessary for the manufacturing of our product candidates used
in our clinical development activities. Some of these materials may be sourced from foreign suppliers, and any increase in tariffs or
duties on imported goods could significantly raise the cost of doing business. Additionally, retaliatory tariffs, trade disputes, trade
wars, or changes in international trade agreements may lead to supply chain disruptions, including delays in obtaining critical components
or the need to seek alternative suppliers. If we are unable to mitigate the impact of increased costs or supply chain disruptions, our
financial condition, and ability to develop our product candidates in a timely manner, could be adversely affected. The
cost of our components is a key element in the cost of our products. Increases in the prices of our components, including if our suppliers
choose to pass through their increased costs to us, would result in increased production costs, which may result in a decrease in our
margins and may have a material adverse effect on our business financial condition and results of operations. We have historically offset
cost increases through careful management of our inventory of supplies, ordering six months to a year in advance, and increasing our
purchase order volumes to qualify for volume-based discounts, rather than increase prices to customers. However, we may increase prices
from time to time, which may not be sufficient to offset material price inflation and which may result in loss of customers if they believe
our products are no longer competitively priced. In addition, if we are required to spend a prolonged period of time negotiating price
increases with our suppliers, we may be further delayed in receiving the components necessary to manufacture our products and/or implement
aspects of our growth strategy. Adverse
global conditions, including economic uncertainty, may negatively impact our financial results. Global
conditions, dislocations in the financial markets, any negative financial impacts affecting U.S. as a result of tax reform or changes
to existing trade agreements or tax conventions, may adversely impact our business. In
addition, the global macroeconomic environment has been and may continue to be negatively affected by, among other things, instability
in global economic markets, increased U.S. trade tariffs and trade disputes with other countries, instability in the global credit markets,
supply chain weaknesses, instability in the geopolitical environment and political tensions, and foreign governmental debt concerns.
Such challenges have caused, and may continue to cause, uncertainty and instability in local economies and in global financial markets,
which may adversely affect our business. The
loss of one or more members of our senior management team, other key personnel or our failure to attract additional qualified personnel
may adversely affect our business and our ability to achieve our anticipated level of growth. We
are highly dependent on the talent and services of Denis Phares, our Chief Executive Officer and Interim Chief Financial Officer, and
other senior technical and management personnel, including our executive officers, who would be difficult to replace. The loss of Dr.
Phares or other key personnel could disrupt our business and harm our results of operations, and we may not be able to successfully attract
and retain senior leadership necessary to grow our business. Our
future success also depends on our ability to attract and retain other key employees and qualified personnel, and our operations may
be severely disrupted if we lost their services. As we become more well known, there is increased risk that competitors or other companies
will seek to hire our personnel. The failure to attract, integrate, train, motivate, and retain these personnel could impact our ability
to successfully grow our operations and execute our strategy. 33 Our
website, systems, and the data we maintain may be subject to intentional disruption, security incidents, or alleged violations of laws,
regulations, or other obligations relating to data handling that could result in liability and adversely impact our reputation and future
sales. We
expect to face significant challenges with respect to information security and maintaining the security and integrity of our systems,
as well as with respect to the data stored on or processed by these systems. Advances in technology, and an increase in the level of
sophistication, expertise and resources of hackers, could result in a compromise or breach of our systems or of security measures used
in our business to protect confidential information, personal information, and other data. The
availability and effectiveness of our batteries, and our ability to conduct our business and operations, depend on the continued operation
of information technology and communications systems, some of which we have yet to develop or otherwise obtain the ability to use. Systems
used in our business (including third-party data centers and other information technology systems provided by third parties) are and
will be vulnerable to damage or interruption. Such systems could also be subject to break-ins, sabotage and intentional acts of vandalism,
as well as disruptions and security incidents as a result of non-technical issues, including intentional or inadvertent acts or omissions
by employees, service providers, or others. Some of the systems used in our business will not be fully redundant, and our disaster recovery
planning cannot account for all eventualities. Any data security incidents or other disruptions to any data centers or other systems
used in our business could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. If
we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to execute our business plan, maintain high levels of customer service, or
adequately address competitive challenges. We
have experienced significant growth in our business, and our future success depends, in part, on our ability to manage our business as
it continues to expand. We have dedicated resources to expanding our manufacturing capabilities, exploring adjacent addressable markets
and our solid-state cell research and development. If not managed effectively, this growth could result in the over-extension of our
operating infrastructure, management systems and information technology systems. Internal controls and procedures may not be adequate
to support this growth. Failure to adequately manage growth in our business may cause damage to our brand or otherwise have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We
may expand our business through acquisitions in the future, and any future acquisition may not be accretive and may negatively affect
our business. As
part of our growth strategy, we may make future investments in businesses, new technologies, services and other assets that complement
our business. We could fail to realize the anticipated benefits from these activities or experience delays or inefficiencies in realizing
such benefits. Moreover, an acquisition, investment or business relationship may result in unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures,
including disruption to our ongoing operations, management distraction, exposure to additional liabilities and increased expenses, any
of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to make these acquisitions and
investments could be restricted by the terms of our current and future indebtedness and to pay for these investments we may use cash
on hand, incur additional debt or issue equity securities, each of which may affect our financial condition or the value of our stock
and could result in dilution to our stockholders. Additional debt would result in increased fixed obligations and could also subject
us to covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. Our
operations are subject to a variety of environmental, health and safety rules that can bring scrutiny from regulatory agencies and increase
our costs. Our
operations are subject to environmental, health and safety rules, laws and regulations and we may be subject to additional regulations
as our operations develop and expand. There are significant capital, operating and other costs associated with compliance with these
environmental laws and regulations. While we believe that the policies and programs we have in place are reasonably designed and implemented
to assure compliance with these requirements and to avoid hazardous substance release liability with respect to our manufacturing facility,
we may be faced with new or more stringent compliance obligations that could impose substantial costs. 34 We
are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, financial and economic sanctions and similar laws, and non-compliance
with such laws can subject us to administrative, civil and criminal fines and penalties, collateral consequences, remedial measures and
legal expenses, all of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. We
are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, financial and economic sanctions and similar laws and regulations
in various jurisdictions in which we conduct or in the future may conduct activities, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
(“ FCPA ”). The FCPA prohibits us and our officers, directors, employees and business partners acting on our behalf,
including agents, from corruptly offering, promising, authorizing or providing anything of value to a “foreign official”
for the purposes of influencing official decisions or obtaining or retaining business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. The
FCPA also requires companies to make and keep books, records, and accounts that accurately reflect transactions and dispositions of assets
and to maintain a system of adequate internal accounting controls. A violation of these laws or regulations could adversely affect our
business, results of operations, financial condition and reputation. Our policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance with these
regulations may not be sufficient and our directors, officers, employees, representatives, consultants, agents and business partners
could engage in improper conduct for which we may be held responsible. Non-compliance
with anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering or financial and economic sanctions laws could subject us to whistleblower
complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations, and severe administrative, civil and criminal sanctions, collateral consequences,
remedial measures and legal expenses, all of which could materially and adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition
and results of operations. From
time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes, which could have an adverse impact on our
profitability and consolidated financial position. We
may be involved in legal proceedings and commercial or contractual disputes that, from time to time, are significant and which may harm
our reputation. These are typically claims that arise in the normal course of business including, without limitation, commercial or contractual
disputes, including warranty claims and other disputes with customers and suppliers; intellectual property matters; personal injury claims;
environmental issues; tax matters; and employment matters. It is difficult to predict the outcome or ultimate financial exposure, if
any, represented by these matters, and any such exposure may be material. Regardless of outcome, legal proceedings can have an adverse
impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. Environmental,
social and governance matters may cause us to incur additional costs. Some
legislatures, government agencies and listing exchanges have mandated or proposed, and others may in the future further mandate, certain
environmental, social and governance (“ ESG ”) disclosure or performance. For example, the Securities and Exchange Commission
has enacted rules that will mandate certain companies to provide certain climate-related disclosures. In addition, we may face reputational
damage in the event our corporate responsibility initiatives or objectives do not meet the standards or expectations of shareholders,
prospective investors, lawmakers, listing exchanges or other stakeholders. Failure to comply with ESG-related laws, exchange policies
or stakeholder expectations could materially and adversely impact the value of our stock and related cost of capital, and limit our ability
to fund future growth, or result in increased investigations and litigation. 35 Risks
Related to Being a Public Company We
incur significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company, which could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and operating results. We
face significant legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses as a public company, and these expenses may increase
even more after we are no longer an “emerging growth company.” The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including the requirements of Section
404, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection
Act of 2010 and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, the PCAOB and the securities exchanges and the
listing standards of Nasdaq, impose additional reporting and other obligations on public companies. Compliance with public company requirements
is costly and make certain activities more time-consuming. A number of those requirements require us to carry out activities we have
not done previously. For example, we have created new board committees, entered into new insurance policies and adopted new internal
controls and disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, we incur expenses associated with SEC reporting requirements. Furthermore,
if any issues in complying with those requirements are identified (for example, if management or our independent registered public accounting
firm identifies additional material weaknesses in the internal control over financial reporting), we could incur additional costs rectifying
those issues, the existence of those issues could adversely affect our reputation or investor perceptions of it and it may be more expensive
to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Risks associated with our status as a public company may make it more difficult to
attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors or as executive officers. In addition, as a public company, we
may be subject to stockholder activism, which can lead to substantial costs, distract management and impact the manner in which we operate
our business in ways we cannot currently anticipate. As a result of disclosure of information in this Annual Report and in filings required
of a public company, our business and financial condition is more visible, which may result in threatened or actual litigation, including
by competitors and other third parties. If such claims are successful, our business and results of operations could be materially adversely
affected and even if the claims do not result in litigation or are resolved in our favor, these claims and the time and resources necessary
to resolve them could divert the resources of our management and adversely affect our business and results of operations. The additional
reporting and other obligations imposed by these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and the costs
of related legal, accounting and administrative activities. These increased costs require us to divert a significant amount of money
that could otherwise be used to expand the business and achieve strategic objectives. Advocacy efforts by stockholders and third parties
may also prompt additional changes in governance and reporting requirements, which could further increase costs. Our
management team has limited experience managing a public company. Most
of the members of our management team have limited experience managing and operating a publicly traded company, interacting with public
company investors and complying with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies. Our management team may not successfully
or efficiently manage our role as a public company subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under the federal
securities laws and the continuous scrutiny of securities analysts and investors. These
obligations and constituents require significant attention from our senior management and could divert their attention away from the
day-to-day management of our business, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and operating results. Risks
Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements Our
business is capital intensive, and we may not be able to raise additional capital on attractive terms, if at all. Any further indebtedness
we incur may limit our operational flexibility in the future. As
of December 31, 2025, we had cash totaling $18.3 million. Our net loss for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $69.9 million and our
net loss for the year ended December 31, 2024 was $40.6 million. We will need to raise additional funds, including through the issuance
of equity, equity-related or debt securities or by obtaining credit from financial institutions to fund, together with our principal
sources of liquidity, ongoing costs, such as research and development relating to our solid-state batteries, expansion of our facilities,
and new strategic investments. We cannot be certain that additional capital will be available on attractive terms, if at all, when needed,
which could be dilutive to stockholders. If we raise additional funds through the issuance of equity or convertible debt or other equity-linked
securities, our existing stockholders could experience significant dilution. Any equity securities issued may provide for rights, preferences,
or privileges senior to those of common stockholders. If we raise funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities would have
rights, preferences, and privileges senior to those of common stockholders. We intend to use the Term Loan and our at-the-market (ATM)
facility with Canaccord to provide additional capital to us. However, market conditions and certain restrictions contained in the agreements
governing the Term Loan and ATM facility may limit our ability to access equity and debt under such agreements. 36 The
incurrence of additional debt could adversely impact our business, including limiting our operational flexibility by: ● making
    it difficult for us to pay other obligations; ● increasing
    our cost of borrowing from other sources; ● making
    it difficult to obtain favorable terms for any necessary future financing for working capital, capital expenditures, investments,
    acquisitions, debt service requirements, or other purposes; ● restricting
    us from making acquisitions or causing us to make divestitures or similar transactions; ● requiring
    us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service and repay our indebtedness, reducing the amount
    of cash flow available for other purposes; ● placing
    us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our less leveraged competitors; and ● limiting
    our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business. Failure
to service our outstanding debt or comply with the financial covenants in our loan agreement could allow our lenders to accelerate payment
under our loan agreement, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of obligations and financial position and raise substantial
doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. This could require us, to among other things, reduce operations, sell off our
assets, seek the protection of bankruptcy courts or shut down our operations and dissolve. For
the year ended December 31, 2025, we incurred losses and had a negative cash flow from operations. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately
$18.3 million in cash and cash equivalents and working capital of $30.4 million. As of December 31, 2025, we had $19.3 million in principal
outstanding under our Term Loan Agreement. On
October 20, 2025, we entered into the Sixth Amendment to the Term Loan Agreement, pursuant to which we (i) prepaid $45.0 million of principal
using proceeds from the Second October 2025 Offering (as defined below), (ii) exchanged $25.0 million of principal for Series B Preferred
Stock (convertible at $31.50 per share, with 8% cash and 2% “in kind” dividends), and (iii) had $5.0 million of principal
forgiven by the Term Loan Lenders. Following these transactions, approximately $19.4 million of principal remained outstanding under
the Term Loan, bearing 12% interest payable monthly and maturing in October 2027. We paid $0.9 million in fees (half in cash, half added
to principal) and obtained covenant waivers through December 2026, subject to maintaining $5.0 million of minimum liquidity. The
Sixth Amendment significantly improved our liquidity by reducing total debt from $93.1 million to approximately $19.4 million and deferring
near-term cash interest requirements through the preferred stock exchange and covenant waivers. However, our ability to achieve profitability
and positive cash flow continues to depend on our ability to increase revenue, contain our expenses and maintain compliance with the
financial covenants in our outstanding indebtedness agreements once the convent waivers expire. In
addition, we will need to raise additional debt and/or equity financing to fund our operations and strategic plans and meet our financial
covenants. We have historically been able to raise additional capital through issuance of equity and/or debt financing and we intend
to use the ATM (as defined herein) with Canaccord Genuity, LLC and raise additional capital as needed. However, we cannot guarantee that
we will be able to raise additional equity, contain expenses, or increase revenue, and comply with the financial covenants under the
Term Loan. If such financings are not available, or if the terms of such financings are less desirable than we expect, we may be forced
to take actions to reduce our capital or operating expenditures, including by not seeking potential acquisition opportunities, eliminating
redundancies, or reducing or delaying our production facility expansions, which may adversely affect our business, operating results,
financial condition and prospects. Further, any future debt or equity financings may adversely affect us, including the market price
of our common stock and may be dilutive to our current stockholders. Additionally, any convertible or exchangeable securities as well
as preferred stock that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock.
If we are unable to raise additional capital or service our debt, we may be forced to reduce operations, seek the protection of bankruptcy
courts or shut down our operations and dissolve. If we liquidate our assets and the values we receive for our assets in liquidation or
dissolution could be significantly lower than the values reflected in our financial statements. 37 Restrictions
imposed by our outstanding indebtedness and any future indebtedness may limit our ability to operate our business and to finance our
future operations or capital needs or to engage in acquisitions or other business activities necessary to achieve growth. The
agreements governing our indebtedness restrict us from engaging in specified types of transactions. These restrictive covenants restrict
our ability to, among other things: ● incur
    additional indebtedness; ● create
    or incur encumbrances or liens; ● engage
    in consolidations, amalgamations, mergers, acquisitions, liquidations, dissolutions or dispositions; ● sell,
    transfer or otherwise dispose of assets; and ● pay
    dividends and distributions on, or purchase, redeem, defease, or otherwise acquire or retire for value, our stock. Under
the agreements governing our indebtedness, we are also subject to certain financial covenants, including maintaining minimum levels of
Adjusted EBITDA, minimum liquidity, maximum capital expenditure levels and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. We cannot guarantee
that we will be able to maintain compliance with these covenants or, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from
the applicable lender(s) and/or amend the covenants. Even if we comply with all of the applicable covenants, the restrictions on the
conduct of our business could adversely affect our business by, among other things, limiting our ability to take advantage of financing
opportunities, mergers, acquisitions, investments, and other corporate opportunities that may be beneficial to our business. A
breach of any of the covenants in the agreements governing our existing or future indebtedness could result in an event of default, which,
if not cured or waived, could trigger acceleration of our indebtedness, and may result in the acceleration of or default under any other
debt we may incur in the future to which a cross- acceleration or cross-default provision applies, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event of any default under our existing or future credit
facilities, the applicable lenders could elect to terminate borrowing commitments and declare all borrowings and loans outstanding, together
with accrued and unpaid interest and any fees and other obligations, to be immediately due and payable. In addition, our obligations
under our indebtedness are secured by, among other things, a security interest in our intellectual property. During the existence of
an event of default under our credit agreements, the applicable lender could exercise its rights and remedies thereunder, including by
way of initiating foreclosure proceedings against any assets constituting collateral for our obligations under such credit facility. We
have in the past identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting. These material weaknesses in the future
could adversely affect our ability to report our results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with the generally accepted accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“ U.S. GAAP ”).
As a public company, we are required, on a quarterly basis, to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls and to disclose any
changes and material weaknesses identified through such evaluation in those internal controls. A material weakness is a deficiency, or
a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material
misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Our
efforts to remediate these material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting may not be successful, and may not prevent
additional material weaknesses from being identified in the future. Failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over
financial reporting could result in errors in our consolidated financial statements that could result in a restatement of our consolidated
financial statements, and could cause it to fail to meet our reporting obligations, any of which could diminish investor confidence in
us and cause a decline in our equity value. Additionally, ineffective internal controls could expose us to an increased risk of financial
reporting fraud and the misappropriation of assets, and may further subject us to potential delisting from Nasdaq, or to other regulatory
investigations and civil or criminal sanctions. 38 As
a public company, we are required pursuant to Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to furnish a report by management on, among other
things, the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each annual report on Form 10-K to be filed with the SEC.
This assessment will need to include disclosure of any material weaknesses identified by our management in internal control over financial
reporting. If in the future we are no longer classified under the definition of an “emerging growth company,” and/or a “non-accelerated
filer”, our independent registered public accounting firm will also be required, pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in each annual report on Form 10-K to be filed with
the SEC. We will be required to disclose material changes made in our internal control over financial reporting on a quarterly basis.
Failure to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could potentially subject us to sanctions or investigations by the SEC, Nasdaq, or other
regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. If
we do not continue to meet the continued listing requirements for The Nasdaq Capital Market, our common stock may be delisted, which
could affect the market price and liquidity for our common stock and reduce our ability to raise additional capital. Our
common stock and Public Warrants are currently listed for trading on The Nasdaq Capital Market. Continued listing of a security on the
Nasdaq Capital Market is conditioned upon compliance with various continued listing standards. In the past, we have received notices
from Nasdaq’s Listing Qualifications Department indicating that we had not complied with certain of the Nasdaq Capital Market’s
continued listing standards, including compliance with the $1.00 minimum bid price for our common stock (the “Minimum Bid Price”)
and market value of listed securities. While we have regained compliance for each instance, there can be no assurance that we will continue to
maintain compliance with the Nasdaq listing requirements, including the Minimum Bid Price, market value of listed securities and stockholder equity standards. A delisting could substantially decrease trading in our common stock, adversely
affect the market liquidity of our common stock as a result of the loss of market efficiencies associated with Nasdaq and the loss of
federal pre-emption of state securities laws, result in a default under the terms of our outstanding indebtedness, adversely affect its
ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms, if at all, and may result in the potential loss of confidence by investors, suppliers,
customers and employees and fewer business development opportunities. Additionally, the market price of our common stock may decline
further and stockholders may lose some or all of their investment. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain compliance
with the continued listing standards of the Nasdaq Capital Market. Future
resales of our outstanding securities may cause the market price of our securities to drop significantly, even if our business is doing
well. We
have filed registration statements registering the resale of up to approximately 0.2 million shares of common stock underlying outstanding
warrants that may be sold and/or issued into the public markets by certain securityholders. The shares being registered for resale into
the public markets represent a significant number of shares in respect to our outstanding common stock. The securityholders selling pursuant
to the registration statements will determine the timing, pricing and rate at which they sell such shares into the public market and
such sales could have a significant negative impact on the trading price of our common stock. As such, while sales by the securityholders
selling pursuant to such registration statements may experience a positive rate of return based on the trading price at the time they
sell their shares, public securityholders may not experience a similar rate of return on the securities they purchased due to differences
in the prices at which such public securityholders purchased their shares and the trading price. Given the substantial number of shares
of common stock being registered for potential resale by the securityholders selling pursuant to such registration statements, the sale
of shares by such securityholders, or the perception in the market that the securityholders of a large number of shares intend to sell
shares, may increase the volatility of the market price of our common stock, and may cause the trading prices of our securities to experience
a decline. Further,
we have registered up to $50.0 million of shares of common stock to be issued and sold from time to time through Canaccord Genuity
LLC, acting as sales agent, in connection with the ATM. Any sales of such shares into the public market could have a significant
negative impact on the trading price of our common stock. If the trading price of our common stock does not recover or experiences a
further decline, sales of shares of common stock pursuant to the ATM may be a less attractive source of capital and/or may not allow
us to raise capital at rates that would be possible if the trading price of our common stock were higher. 39 Risks
Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock If
securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about us, or publish negative reports, our stock price and trading
volume could decline. The
trading market for our common stock will depend, in part, on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about
us. We will not have any control over these analysts. If our financial performance fails to meet analyst estimates or one or more of
the analysts who cover us downgrade our common stock or change their opinion, our stock price would likely decline. If one or more of
these analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which
could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline. If
we do not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or securities analysts, the market price of our securities may decline. In
addition, fluctuations in the price of our securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. The
trading price of our common stock may fluctuate substantially and may be lower than its current price. This may be especially true for
companies like ours with a small public float. If an active market for our securities develops and continues, the trading price of our
securities could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations. The trading price of our common stock depends on many factors, including
those described in this “

