TICKER: DGX
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain management, and providing advanced data solutions. • Acquiring outreach lab operations from hospitals. Quest looks for opportunities to acquire assets of outreach lab operations from hospitals whose in-house labs have expanded from supporting in-patients to supporting out-patients and ambulatory patients who see physicians that may or may not be employed or otherwise affiliated with the hospitals. We also have joint venture arrangements with leading hospitals and health systems. These joint venture arrangements, which provide diagnostic information services for affiliated and nonaffiliated hospitals and clinicians and other local healthcare providers, serve as our principal facilities in their service areas. Typically, we have either a majority ownership interest in, or day-to-day management responsibilities for, our joint venture relationships. 2 Table of Contents Patients and Consumers We have taken steps to be recognized as the consumer-friendly provider of choice of diagnostic information services.  Patients increasingly expect their healthcare experiences to be consumer-centric, which includes being more transparent, accessible and convenient.  Most patients have a choice when selecting a diagnostic testing provider, and our goal is to provide leading services in conveniently located patient service centers that can provide a comprehensive suite of testing services.  Many of our 2,400 patient service centers are located inside large retail stores or in convenient retail settings.  We continue to enhance our operations to improve the patient experience in these locations.  For example, our "Schedule at Check In" capability encourages patients to make appointments, including through mobile appointment scheduling, and our self-serve kiosks provide wait-time estimates for walk-in and standby patients and offer many language options.  These improvements allow us to better manage demand and productivity and have reduced average wait times in the patient service centers.  We also provide mobile phlebotomy services in many parts of the United States so patients who prefer an in-home blood draw may access our services for a fee. We work to improve our digital experience, from making it easier for patients and consumers to locate a patient service center and receive results on our MyQuest ® patient healthcare portal to enabling providers to access their patients’ test result reports.  We are also integrating the patient payment process into the digital customer experience, which improves the patient experience, provides greater pricing transparency, helps our patient concession rate and reduces demands on phlebotomists. As consumers increasingly seek more involvement and control over their health and wellness, we aim to meet them where they are.  Our QuestHealth.com platform empowers health- and wellness-minded consumers to purchase tests and panels without the need to schedule an appointment and visit a doctor’s office.  Through this platform, we enable access to third-party physician review to place test orders and be available to consult with the consumer via a teleconsult about their test results.  We offer over 150 tests, including comprehensive wellness panels with up to 85 key health indicators, tests to monitor certain chronic conditions, and tests for students and workers in healthcare, education and other occupations that require them.  Our cash pay price for consumers is convenient for those who wish to establish their baseline wellness status, monitor themselves for chronic medical conditions, and are interested in their wellness throughout relevant time periods, such as athletes preparing for events.  We are also powering the testing offered by leading health, wellness, and wearable brands, where we provide the underlying testing services for their consumer health service offerings.  Our multi-channel consumer offerings reflect our belief that our consumer focus positions us to capture expanding opportunities presented by the growth of consumer-initiated testing and of the demand for expanded access to health and wellness services. We continually evaluate technologies with the potential to improve choice and convenience for patients and consumers.  We offer patients and consumers experiencing symptoms of several common genital tract infections, including sexually transmitted infections, the option to self-collect a swab specimen, aimed at increasing privacy, convenience and speed of testing. In 2025, we introduced specimen self-collection in clinical settings for human papillomavirus (HPV) screening to help identify women at risk for developing cervical cancer, broadening access to a vital preventative care test. We also provide opportunities for companies with telehealth and retail business models to rebrand our testing and utilize our patient service centers to provide access. Other Customer Channels Our other customer channels include health plans, employers, new and emerging retail healthcare providers, government agencies, pharmaceutical companies and other commercial clinical laboratories, which are described in more detail under “ – Customer Channels.”  While we principally focus on the U.S. market, we serve customers globally and have a growing business that provides advanced reference testing to laboratory providers in other countries.  For more information about our operations, see “ – Business Operations.” Advanced Diagnostics We support the needs of all our customers with a focus on Advanced Diagnostics™.  Clinical laboratory testing can be characterized as routine, non-routine or advanced.  Non-routine tests (commonly referred to as esoteric) are tests that may require professional “hands-on” attention from highly-skilled technical personnel, generally require more sophisticated data analysis, technology, equipment or materials, may be performed less frequently than routine tests and may be reimbursed at higher levels than routine tests.  We refer to certain non-routine, highly innovative and specialized tests that we offer as Advanced Diagnostics™. 3 Table of Contents We are a leading provider of Advanced Diagnostics™ and provide an array of offerings, including certain procedures in the areas of molecular diagnostics (including next-generation sequencing), oncology, neurology, companion diagnostics and non-invasive pre-natal and other germline genetic testing.  In 2025, certain Advanced Diagnostics™ test offerings within five clinical areas – oncology, cardiometabolic and endocrine, brain health, autoimmune, women’s health and genetics – generated over $1 billion in revenues on double-digit revenue growth. Our investments in our Advanced Diagnostics™ offerings enhance our innovation capabilities and strengthen our service offering, making our Advanced Diagnostics™ offerings more attractive and accessible to physicians and hospitals.  We are also applying the capabilities gained by these efforts to support other areas where we can make a meaningful difference in healthcare, including offerings to pharmaceutical companies and consumers. We are also particularly focused on the rapidly growing areas of monitoring recurrence and therapy effectiveness.  In 2023, we acquired Haystack Oncology, Inc. ("Haystack Oncology") a cancer testing company that has developed a highly sensitive testing technology for detecting minimal-residual disease (“MRD”) by circulating tumor DNA due to residual or recurring cancer.  Circulating tumor DNA ("ctDNA") refers to DNA fragments shed by a solid tumor, such as colorectal or breast cancer, into the blood stream.  We believe this acquisition strengthens our comprehensive oncology portfolio by positioning us well to compete in the higher-growth clinical area of ctDNA solid-tumor MRD testing.  Since the acquisition, several organizations have used the Haystack Oncology MRD test in research, including for clinical trials. In 2025, we received a breakthrough device designation from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) for our Haystack Oncology MRD test for patients with an early stage colorectal cancer diagnosis. This milestone reinforces the high caliber of our cancer monitoring innovation by validating the use of the Haystack Oncology MRD test and opens avenues for developing companion diagnostics. We continue to make progress towards commercialization by expanding access.  In 2025, we commenced separate trials with Mass General Brigham and Rutgers Cancer Institute to further research Haystack Oncology MRD test's clinical utility as a guide in making post-operative therapy decisions. We also continue to focus on neurology.  In 2023, we launched our QUEST AD-Detect ® test portfolio for assessing Alzheimer's disease risk using blood specimens, as opposed to testing by more costly or invasive methods, such as testing of cerebral spinal fluid by lumbar puncture.  We continue to publish evidence on our AD-Detect test, including a study in a publication of the American Academy of Neurology that found two of our innovative panels provide confirmatory accuracy for aiding Alzheimer's diagnosis.  We continue to add new testing to this suite of services for assessing the risk of Alzheimer's Disease, including isoform and plasma testing for patients with cognitive impairment.  In addition, our Autoimmune ANAlyzeR™ service helps primary care physicians comprehensively screen for autoimmune disorders to accelerate diagnosis and care by specialists. Acquisitions and Capital Deployment Our strategy includes generating growth through value-creating, strategically aligned acquisitions using disciplined investment criteria.  We screen potential acquisitions using guidelines that assess strategic fit and financial considerations, including value creation, return on invested capital and impact on our earnings.  We endeavor to grow revenues each year by 1-2% through acquisitions.  We will continue to invest in our business in a disciplined manner, including focusing on enhancing our solid foundation of strategic assets and capabilities.  In 2025, we acquired select clinical testing and dialysis-related water testing assets of Fresenius Medical Care's wholly-owned Spectra Laboratories, a leading provider of renal-specific laboratory testing services in the United States.  We also entered into a joint venture with Corewell Health, a leading health system in Michigan, which will perform laboratory testing in the state of Michigan via a new laboratory facility.  Equity ownership of the joint venture is shared 51% by Quest and 49% by Corewell Health.  In addition, we provide the full complement of our Collaborative Lab Solutions offering for Corewell Health. Our significant acquisitions in each of the last three years are further discussed in Note 6 to the audited consolidated financial statements (Part II, Item 8 of this Report). Acquisitions are part of our disciplined capital deployment framework, which also includes investment in our business, dividends and share repurchases and is grounded in maintaining an investment grade credit rating.  We expect to return a majority of our free cash flow to stockholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases over time.  Consistent with that expectation, in February 2026, we announced that we increased our quarterly common stock cash dividend by approximately 7.5%, from $0.80 per common share to $0.86 per common share.  This represents our 15 th increase in the dividend since the beginning of 2012.  For many years, we have maintained a common stock repurchase program.  Since the beginning of 2012, we have returned approximately $8.1 billion to stockholders through repurchases of our common stock. 4 Table of Contents OUR STRENGTHS Continuous Quality Improvement Our goal is to provide every patient and customer with services and products of superior quality.  We strive to accomplish that through rigorous processes that we measure and seek to improve, and by using the Quest Management System, which provides best-in-class business performance tools to create and implement effective and sustainable quality processes.  Our Quality and Regulatory Affairs organization continues to advance our commitment to operational excellence, regulatory integrity, and a culture of quality.  Our Quality Program includes policies and procedures to document, measure and monitor the effectiveness of our laboratory operations in providing and improving quality and meeting applicable regulatory requirements.  The Quality Program is designed so that the quality of laboratory services is monitored objectively and evaluated systematically to deliver superior quality care, identify opportunities to improve patient care and resolve identified problems. Recently, we enhanced enterprise engagement through a unified Quality Policy and advanced our quality foundation by refining global processes, updating our Quality Framework, and deepening our cross-site collaboration.  Additionally, we have a robust Supplier Quality Program designed to help us ensure we have a high-quality supplier network and to raise the bar of quality expectations across that network. Operating Efficiency We strive to enhance operational excellence and improve our efficiency across our value chain and operations, from the time that we first interact with a potential customer until the time we receive payment for our services.  Improving our operations through standardization, optimization, digitization and automation can yield many benefits, including improving our quality and competitiveness, strengthening our foundation for growth, supporting our growth strategy, and increasing employee engagement, customer service and shareholder value.  We are guided by a service dashboard that focuses throughout our operations on quality for consumers, healthcare providers and employees, including medical quality, on-time delivery, and employee safety. Our cost excellence program, Invigorate, includes structured plans to drive savings and improve productivity across the value chain, including in such areas as patient services, logistics and laboratory operations, revenue services, information technology ("IT") and procurement. Our Invigorate program has consistently delivered 3% of annual cost savings and productivity improvements, which partly offset pressures from an inflationary environment, including labor and benefit cost increases, and reimbursement pressures.  We are leveraging automation and AI to improve quality and productivity across our entire value chain, not just in the labo ratory.  For example, we advanced our use of automation in front-end specimen processing and labeling in six of our labs, freeing more of our processors to focus on higher-order work.  We also completed a successful pilot of our automated specimen processing and labeling platform at our Clifton, NJ lab.  In 2025, we initiated or expanded our use of AI and automation in several areas, ranging from digital cytology, microbiology, parasitology and digital pathology.  Other areas of focus include reducing denials and patient concessions, logistics route optimization to speed specimen transport, and enhancing the digital experience. In February 2025, we committed to a multi-year project ("Project Nova") to modernize our "Order to Cash" business processes, which includes the related information technology infrastructure and underlying enabling technologies.  We are partnering with Epic, a third-party licensor, to assist in the implementation of Project Nova.  We expect to deliver value throughout the implementation of Project Nova, which is expected to be completed in 2031 to 2032, as it unlocks a variety of streamlined operational benefits, reduced technology-related operating costs, accelerated revenue opportunities, and improvements to the customer and patient experience. Organized to Drive Growth and Value We strive to strengthen our organizational capabilities to align around growth opportunities, coordinate business units for seamless execution and leverage our company-wide infrastructure to gain more capability, value and efficiency. The value creation side of our business includes product and commercial marketing and is organized by clinical franchise and focuses on customer solutions for the marketplace, including new test development and diagnostic insights. Our clinical franchises – Cardiometabolic, Endocrine, and Wellness, Drug Monitoring and Toxicology, Infectious Diseases and Immunology, Molecular Genomics and Oncology, Neurology, and Women’s and Reproductive Health – enable us to operate like a boutique laboratory while maintaining our scale advantages, and work with our research and development and commercial organizations to identify and deliver new and improved solutions. The value delivery side includes sales, laboratory operations, field operations, logistics and client services. 5 Table of Contents Assets and Capabilities that Deliver Value We collaborate with partners and customers across the healthcare ecosystem to help create a healthier world.  The table below outlines some of the assets and capabilities that make us an attractive partner. Assets and Capabilities Connectivity ● Provide healthcare connectivity solutions to approximately 612,000 clinician and hospital accounts and interface with over 1,000 electronic health records systems Data ● One of the world's largest databases of de-identifiable laboratory test results: >80 billion patient data points Logistics ● Strong logistics capabilities • make >83,000 stops daily • approximately 5,000 courier vehicles • 18 aircraft serving the United States Medical and Scientific Staff ● One of the largest medical and scientific staffs in the industry to provide interpretive consultation • Approximately 900 M.D.s and Ph.D.s, many of whom are recognized leaders in their field • Genetic counselors Other Healthcare Professionals ● Approximately 25,000 phlebotomists, paramedics, nurses and other health and wellness professionals Consumer Access ● Approximately 8,000 patient access points, including phlebotomists in physician offices, and an extensive patient service center network with approximately 2,400 locations, and mobile phlebotomy services Health Plan Participation ● Access to over 90% of U.S. insured lives Processing Volume ● Processed approximately 244 million test requisitions in 2025 Range of Testing ● Industry-leading test menu across clinical and pathology sub-specialty areas and diagnostic technologies Patents ● Own or control approximately 1,200 issued and approximately 400 pending patents worldwide in 2025 Strong Relationships with Health Plans and Other Payers Most of the services we perform are paid for by third-party payers, including large national health plans, regional and local health plans and government payers, which includes Medicare and Medicaid.  Through these payers, we estimate that we have access to over 90% of insured lives in the United States.  We work with payers to reduce the cost of care, improve the customer experience and drive better outcomes for patients.  We can strengthen our relationships with health plans and increase the volume of our services for their members by focusing on driving value and providing strong value propositions for members and physicians.  For example, we build information platforms to help health plans manage utilization and population health, keep laboratory testing in network and provide an alternative to high-cost labs.  We also offer extended care services to help close gaps in care designed to be attractive to payers. Medical and Scientific Expertise We leverage our medical and scientific expertise and aspire to be a trusted authority in diagnostic medicine, provide insights and tools to support public and personal health, lead and facilitate scientific discussion and inspire innovation. Our medical and scientific experts regularly provide presentations, symposia and webinars regarding diagnostic testing and participate on scientific committees determining guidelines for diagnostic usage. They also publish research that demonstrates the clinical value and importance of diagnostic testing, including in connection with our research and development efforts, in peer-reviewed journals, textbooks and other publications. For over 30 years, the Company has published the Quest Diagnostics ® Drug Testing Index, TM a series of reports on national workplace drug positivity trends based on the Company's employer workplace drug testing data, that is widely cited by employers, the federal government and the media to help identify and quantify drug abuse among the nation's workforce. The Company also publishes Quest Diagnostics ® Health Trends, ® scientific reports that provide insights into health topics, based on analysis of objective clinical laboratory data, to empower better patient care, population health management and public health policy. In 2025, we published a Health Trends ® report showing that many oncologists feel they are seeing more patients with advanced cancers due to screening barriers, such as 6 Table of Contents missed or delayed follow-up care or monitoring, and that imaging tests may not detect cancer recurrence early enough. Many of these oncologists believe that ctDNA MRD testing could reduce diagnosis delays in cancer recurrence. We are a founding member, with other leading diagnostic laboratories outside the United States, of the Global Diagnostics Network TM , a strategic working group of diagnostic laboratories committed to unleashing and sharing local innovation to increase global access to diagnostic science, information and services and generating enhanced diagnostic insights to improve the delivery of global healthcare. Health Information Technology Solutions and Information Assets We have a history of providing leading IT for diagnostic information services, including for patients, physicians and healthcare organizations. We were the first national diagnostic information services provider to offer online patient appointment scheduling and a patient connectivity solution.  Our MyQuest ® patient healthcare portal, with more than 45 million registered users at year-end 2025, enables patients to manage healthcare and medical information for themselves and a circle of others, find a Quest Diagnostics location, schedule appointments, receive appointment reminders, assess whether their health plan is in-network and receive and archive their test results.  Individuals can also use their smartphone or computer to order a consumer-initiated test from us at QuestHealth.com.  Our connectivity platform enables providers to easily order tests and receive results from us from more than 1,000 electronic health records systems.  We are expanding our use of digital and other technology tools to improve our customer experience for patients and providers. We also have significant information assets and offer a robust portfolio of powerful analytics that inspire action and deliver value to our customers. We offer an array of solutions based on data insights, including retrospective analytics solutions for physicians, hospitals, health plans, pharmaceutical companies and public health organizations.  We believe these solutions can tap the potential of large amounts of clinical information to: enhance the customer experience; deliver more precise, comprehensive solutions and actionable information; provide increased and interactive insights and analytics; foster greater adherence to clinical and reimbursement guidelines; and advance the development of precision medicine. We believe that the breadth and depth of our data, combined with our powerful analytics capabilities, enables us to take advantage of important data-based opportunities in diagnostics, and provides us a competitive advantage. Innovation We are a leading provider of innovation in diagnostic information services that help healthcare market participants care for their patients through better testing for predisposition, screening, monitoring, diagnosis, prognosis and treatment choices, and that can deliver high clinical value to the medical community and reduce the overall cost of healthcare.  We develop and introduce new tests through our research and development operations.  Our capabilities include discovery, technology development and clinical validation of diagnostic tests.  We also partner with other developers of new technologies, services and tests to transfer their innovations to the marketplace, using our in-house expertise ( e.g. , strength in new service development and commercialization of testing services).  These developers include large commercial manufacturers, the academic community, pharmaceutical and biotechnology firms, emerging medical technology companies, other laboratory companies and others that develop and commercialize novel diagnostics, pharmaceutical and device technologies.  Given our expertise and broad U.S. network, we believe we are the distribution channel of choice for developers of new diagnostic information solutions.  Our innovation strategy focuses on new services and solutions for unmet clinical needs that will improve patient care and outcomes as well as economic value for patients, health plans and other payers.  In 2023 and 2025, certain diagnostic programs received FDA Breakthrough Device Designation, designed to address identified limitations in current diagnostic methodologies and unmet clinical needs. Our research and development team includes leaders in a number of fields, including genomics, genetics and bioinformatics, as well as in disease states, such as oncology, neurology, cardiometabolic disease and other disorders.  We are also well positioned to take advantage of advances in next generation sequencing to grow our business in cancer and other disease state testing.  This includes inherited genetics, newborn screening, rare disease diagnosis, and solid tumor sequencing, such as to aid treatment selection and monitoring.  We also maintain relationships with advisers and consultants who are leaders in key fields of science and medicine who advise us with our internal team of experts, complementing our expertise. We endeavor to improve test processes, including through increased automation and AI.  For example, we provide automated next generation genetic sequencing, which will enable genetic screening that is more precise, faster and at lower cost.  In addition, we aim to develop holistic solutions responsive to challenges that healthcare providers and patients face, by developing solutions of tests, information and services focused on specific clinical challenges.  We look to offer solutions from our large dataset and data analytics capabilities to help providers and health plans identify opportunities to optimize appropriate 7 Table of Contents laboratory utilization, align clinical practice to medical guidelines, and inform patient-care decisions.  We also look for innovations and solutions that are more convenient, less invasive and more cost effective than currently available options. We seek innovation in the ways we bring solutions directly to customers to allow them to be more involved in and have more control over their health outcomes, and to improve the customer experience, including enhanced services and end-to-end solutions for convenience and support. Artificial Intelligence We have a long history of using advanced technologies to automate processes, improve customer service and productivity, generate insights from lab and other data, improve the customer experience, and stimulate innovation.  Other areas of focus include reducing denials and patient concessions, and logistics route optimization to speed specimen transport.  We use AI to help drive innovation and operational efficiency through improving the quality of our screening and diagnostic capabilities. We also continue to broaden our use of AI in customer service to help our representatives access answers more quickly, improving their effectiveness and service quality.  In 2025, we announced a collaboration with Google to use Google Cloud's data analytics and generative AI to help us streamline our data management, improve data analytics, and personalize the experiences we deliver to patients, providers, and other customers. We are committed to using AI in an ethical, responsible and compliant way.  We have implemented a formal AI governance oversight committee and established multiple AI safeguards to minimize risks associated with AI, including, but not limited to, expanded security and privacy measures, increased user access controls, employee and other end user training and certification, and standard operating procedures.  Our AI program has been designed to comply with applicable laws, regulations and AI frameworks, and we strategically partner with external AI experts as needed to ensure we remain informed about the latest technological advancements and best practices in the industry.  Over time, we believe AI, including generative AI, will help us innovate and grow in a responsible manner while also enhancing customer and employee experiences and bring operating and cost efficiencies.  We intend to be at the forefront of the innovative, responsible and secure use of AI in diagnostic information solutions. A Commitment to Improving Health and Well-Being in the Communities We Serve As part of our commitment to creating a healthier world, we work alongside the Quest Diagnostics Foundation to support community-led solutions that seek to improve health and well-being in the communities we serve.  Our approach leverages donated diagnostic testing by Quest and emphasizes investments in nonprofit healthcare systems, safety net providers, and community-based organizations addressing social drivers of health that create barriers to care.  We have invested approximately $53 million to community initiatives across the United States and Puerto Rico.  These investments span a broad range of evidence-based strategies, including community workforce development, community health worker care coordination models, expanded access to diagnostic testing, wellness and screening events, and education programs that promote long-term health and prevention.  As we look ahead, we will continue to invest in evidence-based, scalable practices that improve health in the communities we serve. BUSINESS OPERATIONS The Company is made up of two businesses: Diagnostic Information Services and Diagnostic Solutions. Our Diagnostic Information Services business develops and delivers diagnostic information services, providing insights from the results of our laboratory testing to empower people, physicians, and organizations to take action to improve health outcomes.  Our Diagnostic Solutions group includes our risk assessment services business, which offers solutions for insurers, and our healthcare IT businesses, which offers solutions for healthcare providers and payers.  Our services primarily are provided under the Quest Diagnostics brand, but we also provide services under other brands, including AmeriPath, ® Dermpath Diagnostics, ® ExamOne, ® and Quanum. ® We are a leading provider of diagnostic information services in the United States, where we conduct substantially all of our business.  We see opportunities to bring our experience and expertise in diagnostic information services to markets outside the United States, including leveraging existing facilities to serve new markets. 8 Table of Contents Diagnostic Information Services Background - clinical testing. Clinical testing is an essential element in the delivery of healthcare services.  Clinical testing is used for predisposition, screening, diagnosis, prognosis, monitoring, and treatment choices of diseases and other medical conditions.  Clinical testing is generally categorized as clinical laboratory testing and anatomic pathology services. Clinical laboratory testing, which can be characterized as routine, non-routine or advanced, generally is performed on whole blood, serum, plasma and other body fluids, such as urine, and specimens, such as microbiology samples.  Clinical laboratory tests which can be performed by most clinical laboratories are considered routine.  Routine testing measures various important bodily health parameters such as the functions of the kidney, heart, liver, thyroid and other organs.  Commonly ordered routine tests include blood chemistries, urinalysis, allergy tests and complete blood cell counts.  We also have a portfolio of oncology tests that includes traditional oncology screening and anatomic pathology, such as cervical cancer and skin cancer screening and diagnosis.  Non-routine tests (commonly referred to as esoteric) may require professional “hands-on” attention from highly-skilled technical personnel, generally require more sophisticated data analysis, technology, equipment or materials, may be performed less frequently than routine tests and may be reimbursed at higher levels than routine tests.  It may not be practical, from a cost-effectiveness or infrastructure perspective, for many hospitals, ACOs, commercial laboratories or physician office laboratories to develop and perform a broad menu of non-routine tests or to perform low-volume non-routine testing in-house.  Such tests generally are outsourced to a clinical testing laboratory that can perform these non-routine tests.  Some non-routine tests are Advanced Diagnostics™, which includes certain procedures in the areas of molecular diagnostics (including next-generation sequencing), oncology, neurology, companion diagnostics and non-invasive pre-natal and other germline genetic testing. Anatomic pathology involves the diagnosis of cancer and other diseases and medical conditions through examination of tissue and cell samples taken from patients. Our services. We primarily provide information and insights based on an industry-leading menu of routine, non-routine and advanced clinical testing and anatomic pathology testing, and other diagnostic information services.  We have strong testing capabilities, including services for the predisposition, diagnosis, treatment and monitoring of cancers and other diseases, and offer advanced tests in many fields, including endocrinology, immunology, neurology and oncology.  Increasingly, we are focused on providing solutions and insights to our customers, based on the testing that we perform, the data that we gather and our extensive medical, information and connectivity assets.  We believe that offering services, solutions and insights based on a full range of tests, information assets and other capabilities strengthens our market offering, market position and reputation. We offer broad access to clinical testing through a network of laboratories, including advanced laboratories as well as rapid response laboratories (smaller facilities where we can quickly perform an abbreviated menu of routine tests for customers that require rapid turnaround times).  We operate 24 hours a day, 365 days a year.  Our network also includes patient service centers, phlebotomists in physician offices, and our connectivity resources, including call centers and mobile phlebotomists, nurses and other health and wellness professionals.  Our large in-house staff of medical and scientific experts, including medical directors, scientific directors, genetic counselors and board-certified geneticists, provide medical and scientific consultation to healthcare providers and patients regarding our tests and test results, and help them best utilize our services to improve outcomes and enhance satisfaction.  We also provide testing (including anatomic pathology) services and medical director services at hospital laboratories. 9 Table of Contents We are a leading provider of diagnostic information services, developing and delivering comprehensive offerings to help physicians manage patients across disease stages, from screening for early risk to treatment selection and monitoring to post-treatment evaluation.  We have comprehensive test offerings in cardiometabolic and endocrine; cancer; clinical drug monitoring and toxicology; infectious disease, including autoimmune; neurology diagnostics, including Alzheimer’s disease; and women’s health, including prenatal genetics.  We strive to provide diagnostic solutions for emerging infectious diseases, and were the first commercial laboratory to introduce a test for the H5 avian flu virus based on a preparedness contract from the Centers for Disease Controls and Prevention (“CDC”).  We also provide workplace drug testing services, testing urine, hair, and oral fluid specimens, and are certified by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) to perform drug testing using electronic custody and control forms for federally-mandated, safety-sensitive workers. We offer a wide range of employer population health services, including biometric screenings, flu shots and related preventative services that leverage clinical data to improve population health outcomes and reduce healthcare spend.  Our solutions enable employers to leverage screening insights to identify chronic disease risks, guide employees to needed in-network care, and improve employee health with intervention services.  Our offerings emphasize the importance of identifying and reducing health risks, including (i) a program designed to prevent diabetes and other chronic conditions, (ii) early screenings for treatable cancers, such as prostate and colorectal, and (iii) engaging with partner-provided health coaching programs to help individuals adopt healthier behaviors to improve health outcomes.  These services are sold directly to employers, through resellers and health plan partners. We offer health IT solutions, including our products and national healthcare provider network, to help healthcare organizations and clinicians empower better health by leveraging the power of our significant information assets, including one of the world's largest databases of de-identifiable clinical lab results, and our technology prowess, including our history of providing leading IT for diagnostic information services.  Our portfolio of offerings is designed to address analytic, clinical and financial needs.  The solutions help healthcare organizations and clinicians analyze and put in context data, and enable them to connect across the healthcare system and engage with their stakeholders.  They can enter, share and access clinical information without costly IT implementation or significant workflow disruption. We offer population health solutions to clinicians, health plans, and hospitals.  Our services build on the power of our information assets and data capabilities and help our customers deliver better care to their patient populations by identifying gaps in care in a population, providing clinical solutions to close the gaps and fostering consumer engagement with a solution.  To help support hospitals in the operation of their own labs, our key Collaborative Lab Solutions offerings include lab management outsourcing, test menu optimization and spend consolidation, supply chain management, and providing advanced data solutions.  For clinicians, Quest ® Lab Stewardship TM employs machine learning to help optimize medically-appropriate laboratory test utilization.  Our extended care services ( e.g ., home collection kits for lab testing) help deliver better care to patient populations by identifying and filling gaps in care for patient populations and by enabling delivery of the most effective healthcare to the right populations and individuals.  These services leverage the power of our assets ( e.g. , our extensive clinical data and data analytics services) and capabilities ( e.g ., call centers, patient service centers, mobile phlebotomists) and focus on extending the reach of clinician offices beyond their traditional four walls to assess the health of their populations, and doing so when it is convenient for consumers.  Once gaps are identified, we engage patients in our retail sites, in home or by telephone, including through our call centers and our mobile phlebotomists. We offer services to pharmaceutical companies, including clinical trials laboratory testing, population analytics and patient engagement services.  We also develop in vitro diagnostic tests for FDA submissions as companion diagnostics, laboratory developed testing services (“LDTs”) for complementary diagnostics, and offer an array of assets and services to support the development of diagnostic insights, including our robust data set and patient services network.  In addition, we offer Quest Clinical Trials Connect™ to help accelerate clinical trials (and thus the speed of drugs to market) through better patient recruitment, involvement and management, and improved physician outreach. In 2024, we acquired LifeLabs, a company that provides laboratory diagnostic information and digital health connectivity systems in Canada.  During the full year of 2025, LifeLabs performed approximately 23 million test requisitions to help diagnose, treat, monitor and prevent diseases for millions of Canadians.  LifeLabs operates approximately 15 laboratories, over 350 collection centers in British Columbia, Ontario and Saskatchewan, and an extensive network of couriers and mobile phlebotomists.  LifeLabs also partners with governments and companies to develop technologies and customized services. Diagnostic Solutions Our risk assessment service, ExamOne ® , is the largest provider of risk assessment services to the life insurance industry in North America and comprises underwriting support services, including data gathering, paramedical examinations and clinical laboratory testing and analytics, designed to assist life insurance companies objectively to evaluate the mortality 10 Table of Contents risks of applicants.  Most specimen collections and paramedical examinations are performed by our network of paramedical examiners at the applicant's home or workplace, but they also are offered at hundreds of our patient service centers and many additional locations.  ExamOne ® also offers other national specimen collection and health data solutions that provide fast and accurate insights for clinical research and diagnostics programs, as well as academic studies. We also offer our award-winning Quanum ® Enterprise Content Solutions™ for hospitals, to connect data to decision-making and help clinicians advance clinical and operational strategies.  Healthcare organizations use Quanum ® Enterprise Content Solutions™ at approximately 1,400 sites in North America. THE CLINICAL TESTING INDUSTRY Key Trends The healthcare system in the United States continues to evolve and industry change is likely to be extensive.  Because diagnostic information services is an essential healthcare service, we believe that the industry will continue to grow over the long term.  There are a number of key trends that we expect will continue to have a significant impact on the growth and the nature of the diagnostic information services business in the United States and on our business.  These trends, discussed in the table below, present both opportunities and risks.  We believe that several of the trends, including consolidation, price transparency and consumerization, are favorable to our business. Key Trends Reimbursement pressure driven by The Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (“PAMA”) Pursuant to PAMA, reimbursement rates for many clinical laboratory tests provided under Medicare were reduced during 2018 - 2020.  Unfortunately, by relying on laboratory reported data alone in 2017, CMS did not receive comprehensive and representative data needed to set Medicare rates that reflected the commercial market, as required under PAMA.  Independent laboratories were overrepresented, and hospitals and physician office laboratories were underrepresented, making the first round of PAMA cuts excessive. The first three years of cuts greatly exceeded the original 10-year savings projections. Starting in 2020, Congress has repeatedly acted to delay PAMA implementation by delaying the next round of data reporting (2020-2026) and Medicare cuts (2021-2026). However, the structural flaws of PAMA still need to be addressed to mitigate future excessive cuts. Congress introduced legislation in 2025, the Reforming and Enhancing Sustainable Updates to Laboratory Testing Services Act (the "Results Act"), which would reform PAMA and create a true market-based Clinical Lab Fee Schedule ("CLFS"). Health plans driving value in lab spending Some hospitals provide outreach testing and may encourage clinicians to send their outreach testing volume to the hospital's laboratory.  Historically, hospitals were able to negotiate higher reimbursement rates with health plans than commercial clinical laboratories for comparable services.  In addition, health plans generally reimburse laboratory services provided by non-participating laboratories at higher out-of-network rates.  We are finding increased interest among health plans in driving better value in spending for laboratory testing.  Health plans increasingly are taking steps to encourage the movement of testing volume to high value, lower cost providers like our Company, including by identifying preferred provider partners, plan design changes ( e.g. , zero-dollar out-of-pocket costs for members using preferred providers) and better aligning reimbursement rates for hospital-based providers and independent commercial laboratories.  The UnitedHealthcare Preferred Lab Network, which chose us to participate, is an example of a health plan taking these steps. Health plans also are increasingly adopting policies, practices and procedures and incorporating requirements imposed by government payers such as Medicare and Medicaid that influence the utilization and reimbursement of testing services.  These policies, practices procedures and requirements are often subject to change without notice. Consumerization Consumers are our customers.  Increasingly, consumers are engaged and interested in, and empowered to manage and take direct responsibility for, their own healthcare.  As a result, they are becoming more sophisticated in their understanding of their healthcare needs and their expectations of healthcare providers.  In addition, consumers often are bearing increased financial responsibility for their healthcare ( e.g. , high deductible health plans; rising deductibles).  In our experience, consumers are more focused on transparency, ease of doing business and better understanding diagnostics information services than they have been in the past.  Consumers increasingly are demanding convenience and a superior and personalized experience relevant to their needs.  In recent years, we saw consumers increase their use of telemedicine capabilities, increase their responsibility for their own healthcare ( e.g. , increased consumer-initiated testing; increased specimen self-collection) and increase their openness to new delivery channels.  In addition, consumers are seeking prompt, direct access to their test results.  Increasingly, consumers are motivated to find high quality service providers with strong digital experience delivery engines, accessible customer service and lower prices, like our Company.  Our physician-ordered consumer-initiated testing offering is part of our response to this trend. 11 Table of Contents Prevention and wellness We believe that the value of detection, prevention, wellness and personalized care is well recognized. Government agencies, health plans, consumer-focused health companies and other customers are increasingly focused on helping the healthy stay healthy, detecting symptoms among those at risk and providing preventative insight and care that helps avoid or reduce the negative impacts of a disease. Medical innovation Medical developments are creating new opportunities and new challenges while disrupting the healthcare environment.  For example, digital pathology is a technology that we are currently deploying that may change the practice of pathology. Continuing advances in genomics and proteomics are expected to give rise to new, more sophisticated and specialized diagnostic tests.  These advances also are spurring interest in and demand for precision medicine, which relies on diagnostic and prognostic testing and in which data information services and strategies are used to deliver the most effective healthcare to the right populations and individuals. We also look for innovations and solutions that are more convenient, less invasive and more cost effective than currently available options.  For instance, our QUEST AD-Detect ® test portfolio for assessing Alzheimer’s disease risk uses blood specimens, as opposed to testing by more costly or invasive methods, such as testing of cerebral spinal fluid by lumbar puncture.  In 2023, we acquired Haystack Oncology, a cancer testing company that has developed a highly sensitive testing technology for detecting MRD due to residual or recurring cancer.  We believe this acquisition strengthens our comprehensive oncology portfolio by positioning us well to compete in the higher-growth clinical area of ctDNA solid-tumor MRD testing. Demand also is growing toward comprehensive care management solutions that serve patients, payers and healthcare providers by improving clinical decision support and access to patient data, and by increasing patient participation in care management and population health management. Innovation also includes making healthcare services, including laboratory testing services, more convenient for populations and consumers to access alternative site care, including at home ( e.g. , telehealth) or in retail settings. Healthcare industry evolution; focus on value Consolidation in the healthcare industry has continued, including among our customers.  Certain of our customers are seeking to diversify their service offerings and to partner with other providers to offer value-based care alternatives.  Consolidation is increasing pricing transparency, and may encourage internalization of clinical testing. Physicians frequently now are employed by hospitals, ACOs or large group practices integrated with hospitals, instead of organized physician-owned practices, which is impacting the dynamics for whether clinical testing is performed in or outside of a hospital.  Physicians and other clinicians also increasingly are being employed by health plans, large retailers, other non-traditional industry entrants ( e.g. , private equity firms) or their affiliates. Value-based reimbursement and demand for convenience and greater availability are contributing to changes in the healthcare system.  ACOs and patient-centered medical homes have grown as a means to deliver patient care. Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) has refreshed its strategy to address the national push toward value-based care for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries, and set goals for value-based reimbursement to be achieved.  CMS has stated that the Medicare Sharing Savings Program for ACOs is a critical component of CMS' vision to drive high-quality, person-centered care and promote affordability and sustainability of the Medicare program.  CMS has stated that its goal is for all people in traditional Medicare to be in an ACO by 2030, and is adopting policies to drive growth in ACO participation. Changes also are taking place in the way that some healthcare services are purchased and delivered in the United States.  Hospitals are under significant pressure, and hospitals and large retailers are evolving.  Healthcare services increasingly are being provided by non-traditional providers ( e.g. , physician assistants), in non-traditional venues ( e.g. , retail medical clinics, urgent care centers) and using new technologies ( e.g., telemedicine, digital pathology). Pricing transparency There has been a trend toward greater pricing transparency in healthcare, including in the laboratory testing marketplace.  Several states have taken action to foster greater pricing transparency in healthcare.  Federal laws require healthcare providers to provide good faith estimates of costs to self-pay patients, and provide rights and protections for consumers against surprise billing or balance billing.  In addition, the federal government has adopted new legislation and issued new regulations designed to increase transparency regarding pricing and quality in healthcare, including requiring providers, group health plans and insurers to disclose cost information to consumers in advance of care being provided. Increased price transparency, combined with increased patient financial responsibility for medical care, is enhancing purchasing sophistication and fostering changes in behavior in the healthcare marketplace.  We believe that increased price transparency should benefit lower cost, high value providers like our Company. 12 Table of Contents Competition The diagnostic information services industry remains fragmented, highly competitive and subject to new competitors.  Competition is emerging from new technologies ( e.g. , digital pathology) and growing from non-traditional competitors ( e.g. , a government agency; providers of consumer-initiated testing).  Increased hospital acquisitions of physician practices may enhance clinician ties to hospital-affiliated laboratories and may strengthen their competitive position.  However, in light of other trends, including continued reimbursement pressure, hospitals may change their approach to providing clinical testing services. New industry entrants with extensive resources ( e.g. , private equity firms) may make acquisitions or expand into our traditional areas of operations. Healthcare utilization Healthcare utilization in the United States has fluctuated based on a number of factors.  These factors include, without limitation, the economy, healthcare benefits design, patients delaying medical care,  increased consumer financial responsibility for, interest in and control of their healthcare, the general aging of the U.S. population, and efforts by non-governmental third-party payers, including health plans, to reduce utilization of and reimbursement for clinical testing services. Reimbursement pressure; affordability There is a strong focus in the United States on controlling the overall cost of healthcare. Healthcare market participants, including governments, are focused on controlling costs.  Examples of cost control approaches include reducing reimbursement for healthcare services, changing reimbursement methodology for healthcare services ( e.g. , shift from fee for service to capitation), changing medical coverage policies ( e.g. , healthcare benefits design), denying coverage for services, requiring preauthorization of laboratory testing, requiring co-pays, introducing laboratory spend management utilities and payment and patient care innovations such as ACOs and patient-centered medical homes. There is increased market activity regarding alternative payment models, including bundled payment models. While pressure to control healthcare costs poses a risk to our Company, it also creates opportunities, such as an opportunity for increased proper utilization of testing as an efficient means to manage the total cost of healthcare.  We believe that it also creates greater opportunities for consolidation and gaining share for high value, lower-cost providers, like our Company, as compared to other providers. Legislative, regulatory and policy environment Government oversight of and attention to the healthcare industry in the United States is significant and increasing; healthcare payment reform and cost transparency are significant issues.  The FDA has regulatory responsibility over, among other areas, instruments, software, test systems, collection kits, reagents and other devices used by clinical laboratories to perform diagnostic testing in the United States.  The FDA also regulates drugs-of-abuse testing for employers and insurers, testing for blood bank purposes and testing of donors of human cells for purposes such as in vitro fertilization.  We offer companion and complementary diagnostic tests to pharmaceutical companies that are regulated by the FDA. In May 2024, the FDA announced it was phasing out its general enforcement discretion approach so that LDTs manufactured by a laboratory would generally fall under the same enforcement approach as medical devices.  However, in March 2025, a U.S. District Court set aside and vacated the FDA’s LDT rule and the FDA did not appeal the court’s decision.  Accordingly, the FDA does not have the authority to regulate LDTs.  Although the FDA LDT rule was vacated in 2025, our commitment to maintaining rigorous quality standards, supporting responsible innovation, and ensuring that patient care is optimized has not changed as federal oversight evolves.  In response to this evolving regulatory landscape, we continue to adapt our quality and regulatory strategies and have accelerated technology and process modernization to support greater transparency, traceability and auditability. Use of healthcare data; technology The increased availability of healthcare data, including data made available as a result of next generation DNA sequencing, and the increased ability to effectively analyze that data at population and patient levels, is impacting healthcare practices.  It is anticipated that the increased use of data in healthcare, coupled with mobile healthcare IT solutions for doctors and patients, will help to improve patient outcomes and reduce overall healthcare costs. Use of healthcare data, including integrated diagnostic and decision support solutions, predictive analytics, and healthcare IT, is spurring advances in precision medicine, including medical decision making and value, for populations and individuals.  The increased focus on data and its use is increasing focus on maintaining the privacy of patient data.  There is a need for technology solutions to harness these opportunities. We are subject to certain federal and state regulations that impose interoperability requirements. Healthcare market participants, including many of our customers discussed herein, are striving to leverage interoperability and healthcare data analysis to positively influence the health of patient populations while maintaining patient privacy. 13 Table of Contents Use of technology, including AI New technology, social media and mobile technology are changing the way that healthcare markets interact with each other, and the expectations that they have about how services are provided, what services are provided, and other capabilities of healthcare market participants.  We have experience using advanced technologies, including AI, to automate processes, improve customer service, generate insights from lab and other data, and stimulate innovation.  We use AI to help drive operational efficiency through improving the quality of our screening and diagnostic capabilities.   In 2025, we initiated or expanded our use of AI and automation in several areas, ranging from digital cytology, microbiology, parasitology and digital pathology.  Other areas of focus include reducing denials and patient concessions, and logistics route optimization to speed specimen transport.  We also continue to broaden our use of AI in customer service to help our representatives access answers more quickly, improving their effectiveness and service quality.  In 2025, we announced a collaboration with Google to use Google Cloud's data analytics and generative AI to help us streamline our data management, improve data analytics, and personalize the experiences we deliver to patients, providers, and other customers.  We expect to continue to be at the forefront of the innovative, responsible and secure use of AI, including generative AI in the diagnostic information services market.  These technology developments are creating new opportunities and new challenges, disrupting the healthcare environment. Chronic diseases and conditions; gaps in care We believe that the cost and challenges of identifying, treating and controlling chronic diseases and conditions such as diabetes and heart disease are now well recognized. As a result of multiple factors, including increased focus on population health management and pressure to reduce the systemic costs associated with such diseases and conditions, there is increased focus on better identifying and attempting to reduce or eliminate the gaps in care historically associated with these diseases and conditions.  Healthcare market participants, including Quest, are developing new approaches for this purpose. Healthcare services delivery Healthcare delivery is moving out of hospitals, clinician offices and other traditional locations into new settings, such as outpatient, retail, consumer-focused, telemedicine and home settings.  This dynamic offers new opportunities ( e.g. , mobile phlebotomy services) and challenges for healthcare providers.  We are seeking opportunities to provide diagnostic information services to healthcare providers and consumers. We believe that these changing market fundamentals will benefit lower-cost, high-value providers like Quest, and that we are well positioned to grow from the changing market conditions and benefit from the long-term growth expected in the industry. Customer Channels We provide diagnostic information services to a broad range of customers within our primary customer channels of physicians, hospitals, and patients and consumers.  While in many cases, the individual that orders our services is not responsible for paying for these services, consumers are more frequently requesting and paying for tests themselves.  Increasingly, patients are bearing greater responsibility for some portion of the payment for the services we provide to them, even if a third party is primarily responsible for payment.  In the table below, we provide a summary of our different customer channels.  For more information on our growth strategy supporting these customer channels, see above under the heading “Our Strategy." 14 Table of Contents Customer Channels Physicians, including those associated with ACOs and FQHCs Physicians and physician assistants requiring diagnostic information services for patients are the primary referral source for our services.  For more information see "Our Strategy --Physicians." There has been a marked increase in the number of physician practices owned by hospitals and other companies.  There also has been a notable increase in some branches of medicine of the establishment of very large "rolled-up" physician practice groups.  Hospitals that own physician practices may encourage or require the practices to refer outreach testing to the hospital's affiliated laboratory.  Large specialty physician groups may encourage their members to refer testing to other members of the group or to a lab owned by the large physician group.  In each case, referrals to independent diagnostic services providers may be reduced. We also serve physicians associated with ACOs and FQHCs.  An ACO is a network of providers and facilities that share financial risk in providing or arranging for the provision of healthcare.  ACO members collaborate to provide coordinated, high-quality care to their patients; ACOs may manage the health of a population group, exercise operational and financial control over providers across the continuum of care, and function as a payer.  Increasingly, ACOs are focusing on driving improvement in healthcare through value-based services arrangements, and to influence reimbursement for healthcare delivery.  For example, ACOs may be encouraged to consider exclusive arrangements with healthcare providers, or to limit service providers.  The Medicare Sharing Savings Program for ACOs is a critical component of CMS' vision to drive high-quality, person-centered care and promote affordability and sustainability of the Medicare program.  CMS sponsors two additional programs for ACOs, has stated that its goal is for all people in traditional Medicare to be in an ACO by 2030, and is adopting policies to drive growth in ACO participation.  We believe that our experience with value-based arrangements with other payers positions us as a strong partner for ACOs.  In addition, we believe that our extended care experience and population health capabilities are attractive to ACOs. FQHCs are non-profit, community-directed organizations that offer care to medically underserved patients; FQHCs are the largest primary care system in the United States today.  Their patients are mostly low income, members of racial and ethnic minority groups, and are uninsured or publicly insured. We offer an array of services that we believe are attractive to FQHCs as they pursue better outcomes for their patients and maintain financial stability for their organizations.  Our services include our patient financial assistance programs, customized billing solutions that help to assist patients who struggle to afford testing, home-based collection options and our extensive patient service center network.  We offer solutions for optimizing test utilization, simplifying lab-related tasks, and reducing inefficiencies and duplicative efforts can help FQHCs keep costs in line, and technology solutions that can help them to meet quality reporting requirements and achieve quality measures through benchmarking and identifying areas for improvement.  We also offer a tiered, flexible approach to gaps-in-care programs that helps complement FQHC efforts to emphasize preventive care. Hospitals We believe that we are an industry leader in servicing hospitals and serve approximately half the hospitals in the United States each year in many ways.  For more information, see “Our Strategy—Hospitals.” Patients and Consumers We are well positioned to provide information and insights to patients and individual consumers to help empower them take actions to improve their healthcare.  The changing expectations of patients and individual consumers about their healthcare and their healthcare transactions are influencing our services and the way we provide them.  For more information, see “Our Strategy—Patients and Consumers.” Employers Employers use tests for drugs of abuse to determine an individual's employability and “fitness for duty.”  Companies with high levels of employee hiring, safety conscious environments or regulatory testing requirements provide the highest volumes of testing.  Factors such as the general economy, the job market and changes in the legal environment ( e.g. , marijuana legalization or decriminalization) can impact the utilization of drugs-of-abuse testing.  Some employers retain third-party administrators to handle such testing and related services; we support the needs of third-party administrators as well as employers who retain us directly. Employers are also investing in population health services.  We meet their needs by providing nationwide access to our customizable services ( e.g. , the Blueprint for Wellness® program) directly and through health plan and health improvement providers.  These services help employers, employees and others manage healthcare costs, capitalize on trends in personalized health and improve health outcomes. We seek to grow our employer business through offering new and innovative programs to help them with their goals of (1) maintaining a safe and productive workplace, (2) improving healthcare for employees and (3) lowering healthcare costs for employees and employers. 15 Table of Contents New and Emerging Retail Healthcare Providers We take opportunities to provide services to retail providers of healthcare services, such as "big-box" retailers, like Walmart, pharmacy chains, like CVS Health, supermarkets, like Safeway, urgent care centers and Internet-based service providers.  The relationships with these types of retailers provide us with new access partners and new access points for our services. We are also entering into arrangements with an emerging group of new healthcare services providers that are leveraging the growing trend for consumers to manage and take direct responsibility for their own healthcare. Pharmaceutical companies We offer clinical trials testing and have expertise for companion and complementary diagnostics, and offer an array of assets and services to support the development of companion diagnostics, including our robust data set and patient services network.  We also offer data services solutions, leveraging our data, analytics and expertise, to help therapy developers understand markets and patient and disease journeys, and plan commercial activity.  In addition, we offer Quest Clinical Trials Connect TM to help accelerate clinical trials (and thus the speed of drugs to market) through better patient recruitment, involvement and management, and improved physician outreach. Other Commercial Clinical Laboratories We also provide services on a fee-for-service basis to other commercial clinical laboratories. Health Plans, Government Agencies and Other Payers Most of the services we perform are paid for by third-party payers, including large national health plans, managed care organizations and other health insurance providers, regional and local health plans and government payers, which includes Medicare and Medicaid.  These customers typically reimburse us as a contracted (or out-of-network) provider for services rendered to their members.  In certain locations, health plans may delegate to Independent Physician Associations (“IPAs”) or other alternative delivery systems ( e.g. , physician organizations, ACOs, patient-centered medical homes) the ability to negotiate for diagnostic information services on behalf of certain members.  Increasingly, these customers are interested in value-based arrangements.  Health plans and IPAs often require that diagnostic information services providers accept discounted fee structures or assume all or a portion of the financial risk associated with providing such services through capitated payment arrangements.  Under capitated payment arrangements, we provide services at a predetermined monthly reimbursement rate for each covered member, generally regardless of the number or cost of services provided by us.  Under some capitated programs, we may provide certain services on a negotiated fee-for-service basis.  Reimbursement under programs that do not provide for capitated payments is typically negotiated on a fee-for-service basis.  Reimbursement from our five largest health plans totaled approximately 20%, and no one health plan accounted for 10%, of our consolidated net revenues in 2025.  Health plans typically negotiate directly or indirectly with a number of diagnostic information services providers, and represent nearly one-half of our total clinical testing volume and approximately 40% of our net revenues from diagnostic information services. There has been a trend of consolidation among health plans.  Some health plans also have narrowed their provider networks.  In addition, some health plans have established "preferred provider" networks within their broader networks ( e.g. , UnitedHealthcare's Preferred Lab Network), in effect distinguishing among contracted providers.  We are also sometimes a member of a “complementary network.”  A complementary network generally is a set of contractual arrangements that a third party maintains with various providers that provide discounted fees for the benefit of its customers.  A member of a health plan may choose to access a provider not contracted directly by their health plan but contracted with a complementary network.  In such instance, the provider will be reimbursed at a rate negotiated by the complementary network.  We offer to health plans services and programs that leverage our Company's expertise and resources, including our superior patient access, comprehensive test menu, medical staff, data, IT solutions, and wellness and population health management capabilities.  Our Company has access to a very high percentage of the insured lives in the United States, including very strong access in key high-population states.  We believe that this strong access increases our attractiveness to other customer channels, including physicians, patients and employers. We also provide services on a fee-for-service basis to federal, state and local governmental agencies.  Historically, most Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries were covered under the traditional Medicare and Medicaid programs administered by the federal government.  Over the last several years, the federal government has expanded its contracts with private health insurance plans for Medicare beneficiaries and has encouraged such beneficiaries to switch from the traditional programs to the private programs, called “Medicare Advantage” programs.  There has been growth of health insurance providers offering Medicare Advantage programs and of beneficiary enrollment in these programs.  States also have mandated that Medicaid beneficiaries enroll in private managed care arrangements.  We also provide additional services to and in conjunction with government agencies across the United States, including arrangements to support the preparedness for certain viruses by ensuring a national commercial laboratory provider is able to quickly supplement public health laboratories in the event there is an infectious disease outbreak in people. 16 Table of Contents Competition While there has been consolidation in the diagnostic information services industry in recent years, which we expect to continue, our industry remains fragmented and highly competitive.  We primarily compete with three types of clinical testing providers: other commercial clinical laboratories, including smaller regional and local commercial clinical laboratories and specialized advanced laboratories; hospital-affiliated laboratories; and physician-office laboratories.  Our largest commercial clinical laboratory competitor is Laboratory Corporation of America Holdings, Inc.  We also compete with other providers, including large physician group practices and providers of consumer-initiated testing.  In anatomic pathology, we compete with anatomic pathology practices, including those in academic institutions and large physician group practices, and providers of emerging digital pathology solutions.  Some physician practices establish their own histology laboratory capabilities and/or bring pathologists into their practices, thereby reducing referrals from these practices and increasing the competitive position of these practices. Hospitals generally maintain on-site laboratories to perform testing on their patients (inpatient or outpatient).  In addition, many hospitals compete with commercial clinical laboratories for outreach (non-hospital patients) testing.  Hospitals may seek to leverage their relationships with community clinicians and encourage the clinicians to send their outreach testing to the hospital's laboratory.  As a result of this affiliation between hospitals and community clinicians, we compete against hospital-affiliated laboratories primarily based on quality and scope of service as well as pricing.  In addition, hospitals may have more, or more convenient, locations in a market.  Hospitals that own physician practices may encourage or require the practices to refer testing to the hospital's laboratory.  There has been a trend of hospitals acquiring physician practices, increasing the percentage of physician practices owned by hospitals.  Increased hospital ownership of physician practices may enhance clinician ties to hospital-affiliated laboratories and may strengthen their competitive position.  The formation of ACOs and their approach to contracts with healthcare providers also may increase competition to provide diagnostic information services.  In addition, new players have recently started to provide clinical lab testing services ( e.g., employers; government agencies) and market activity may continue to increase the competitive environment. We believe that providing the most attractive service offering in the industry, including a comprehensive test menu, innovative test offerings, a positive customer experience, deep medical and scientific expertise, high quality, leading access and distribution, and data-powered integrated IT solutions provide us with a competitive advantage.  We believe that as a large diagnostic information services provider we can serve our customers more effectively due to our larger network and lower cost structure.  In addition, market activity may increase the competitive environment. The diagnostic information services industry is faced with changing technology, new product introductions and new service offerings.  Competitors may compete using advanced technology, including technology that enables more convenient or cost-effective testing.  Digital pathology, still in an emerging state, is an example of this.  Competitors, including other diagnostic services and healthcare technology companies, also may compete with us using new testing service offerings that can be performed outside of a commercial clinical laboratory, including point-of-care testing that can be administered by physicians in their offices, complex testing that can be performed by hospitals in their own laboratories, and home testing that can be carried out without requiring the services of providers like us. The risk assessment and healthcare IT industries are highly competitive.  We have many competitors, some of which have much more extensive experience in these industries and some of which have greater resources.  We compete in the risk assessment business by seeking to provide a wider array of quality, integrated services than our competitors, faster services completion and a superior applicant experience.  We compete in the healthcare IT industry by offering solutions that foster better patient care and improve performance for healthcare providers, particularly smaller and medium sized physician practices. 17 Table of Contents GENERAL Human Capital Management. In 2023 we introduced The Quest Way, which has three core components: Our Purpose: why we exist; our Strategy: how we grow; and our Culture: how we work.  Our focus on delivering across The Quest Way drives our approach to human capital management.  Effectively managing our human capital resources is a priority with key components that include culture, safety and well-being programs, and employee engagement, and attracting, training, development and succession planning.  Our Board of Directors oversees our human capital management, including by receiving management reports on key areas, strategies, and initiatives.  Additional information about our human capital management strategies and initiatives is available in our annual corporate responsibility report. As of December 31, 2025, we have nearly 57,000 employees globally (including LifeLabs’ approximately 6,800), of whom approximately 46,000 are full-time and the remainder are part-time or on-call.  Approximately 70% of our employees globally are women (including approximately 75% at LifeLabs).  A majority of our employees work directly with our customers or in our laboratories.  Fewer than 1% of our U.S. employees are represented by a union.  We believe that our overall relations with our employees are good. Culture .  We foster a strong culture, built on our Code of Ethics, which reinforces our commitment to integrity and aligns with our Purpose and brand.  In 2023, we introduced The Quest Way and the 5Cs of Culture —Customer First, Care, Curiosity, Collaboration and Continuous Improvement—to define the behaviors we value and aspire to, every day.  The 5Cs are integrated into our daily management practices, including recognition, training and performance reviews, to encourage all employees to embody the 5Cs in their daily activities. We understand the need to create an environment where employees can bring their whole selves to work, and our philosophy embodies our commitment to promote inclusion by consistently inviting new perspectives and exploring new experiences.  We aim to harness the unique mix of capabilities, talents, cultures, beliefs and experience of our employees and create a workforce that feels comfortable sharing these perspectives. We focus on Culture, Talent and Community across the entire talent lifecycle and prioritize supporting all employees throughout their careers at Quest.  We continue to prioritize our leadership training programs supporting early careerists, mid-career managers and senior executives.  Additionally, we launched a council comprised of leaders from our Employee Business Networks to offer regular feedback to organizational leaders on opportunities to further enhance our culture. Our Quest Management System, supports our effort to maintain a focus on high performance.  We also focus on building and maintaining a collaborative and inclusive culture in which all employees are empowered to raise and discuss difficult issues and are valued for their strengths, experience and unique perspectives.  We encourage our employees to actively participate in their communities, and support their participation, through our Employee Business Networks and Matching Gift Program.  All Employee Business Networks are open to all employees to participate in.  Our Everyday Excellence program elevates our focus on the 5C of Customer First through guiding principles for our entire organization to support a superior customer experience and inspire employees to be their best every day, with every person and with every customer interaction; the program is integrated into frontline employee behavioral standards.  Our Recognition Quest Program reinforces our commitment to recognize above and beyond contributions and to demonstrating how much we value, care for and appreciate one another by regularly celebrating and rewarding one another as we work together. Safety and Well-Being. The health and safety of our employees is of paramount concern. We use a systematic, risk-based approach to develop tailored incident prevention and response programs designed to keep our employees safe in each of our different functional areas and use data insights and a detailed audit program to foster the effectiveness of our programs.  We have a comprehensive curriculum of annual safety training, as well as training for new employees.  As part of our comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits program, we also offer innovative initiatives to support the well-being of our employees and their families through our HealthyQuest™ program.  The cornerstone of HealthyQuest™ is our Blueprint for Wellness® program, which empowers our employees and their spouses and partners with health insights based on lab and biometric data and invites them each year to take the initiative to improve their physical and mental health.  We also offer comprehensive medical and mental health plans.  HealthyQuest™ focuses on prevention, progression and reversal, through which we offer a HealthyQuest™ Employee Business Network and intervention programs designed to engage employees in managing their health, including access to medical expertise and support programs tailored to their individual needs, helping them to adopt healthier behaviors and access better care at lower costs.  These programs include customized programs for conditions such as type 2 diabetes management, chronic kidney disease, cardiovascular disease, specialty drugs, 18 Table of Contents weight management, zero-cost lab testing, and special support for orthopedic surgery and for cancer and other serious diagnoses. Engagement .  Actively listening to our employees is fundamental to Quest’s culture. We have always sought to foster the engagement of our employees and take action to improve the employee experience, through the use of regular employee insight surveys.  Employee engagement has been a metric in the annual incentive plan for our executive officers since 2013. Since 2020, our strategy for gathering employee feedback utilizes more frequent employee insight surveys.  This approach is designed to build an agile culture, based on continuous feedback that fuels ongoing conversations about priorities, performance, opportunities and growth, to result in a higher performing organization and committed employees.  This is complemented by lifecycle surveys for new hire and departing staff.  In addition, we conduct surveys of our employees regarding important topics and hold regular monthly meetings among hundreds of company leaders to foster increased communication across the company regarding topics of concern to employees. Attracting, Training, Development and Succession Planning .  We have a strong program designed to attract a qualified work force that will enable us to achieve our business goals.  For example, we are partnering with universities and specialized healthcare schools to help build our pipeline of expertise in medical technology, cytology and histology, and we have teamed up with a third-party phlebotomy training program to train and certify phlebotomist candidates who can join our ranks upon graduation.  We provide training on a wide array of topics to our employees through live and online formats, including opportunities that can be accessed through their mobile devices.  We also offer a number of development opportunities for our employees through a robust library of offerings in our Learning Management System, EMPower.  We also offer mentoring and education programs, including a higher education tuition assistance program, My Quest for Education.  Among participants in the My Quest for Education program, 54% have received promotions and 36% have made lateral career moves.  We continue to invest in INSPIRE, a frontline development program focused on enhancing service excellence for our customer-facing employees.  In addition, we provide leadership training opportunities for employees at all levels, including a manager essentials curriculum, our Leading Quest Supervisor and Manager Core program, our director-level Leading Quest for Business Impact program, Financial Acumen for Business Leaders, leadership coaching programs and trainings to strengthen critical leadership skills.  We also deliver a number of programs tailored to specific functions to drive a high-performance culture and sharpen the capabilities needed to lead our organization ( e.g ., programs focused on Commercial, Finance, Pathology, R&D, and Product Development).  Quest’s robust talent review and succession planning process assesses current and future organizational needs in combination with the capabilities and aspirations of our employees to ensure we have the right talent, in the right roles, at the right time.  For leaders, we have robust succession plans and leverage several inputs, inclusive of formal assessments, to inform customized development plans. Sales and Marketing. Our Diagnostic Information Services business has a unified commercial organization focused on the sale of most of our services.  It coordinates closely with our clinical franchises (discussed above under the heading "Organized to Drive Growth and Value") and marketing organization.  The commercial organization is centrally led, and is organized regionally, in conjunction with our operations organization, to focus on local customer needs and to ensure aligned delivery for our customers.  Our commercial organization employs leading processes and tools and strong management discipline.  We provide industry-leading training and development, focus on opportunities with hospitals and specialty physicians, and foster a customer-focused, performance-driven culture.  We also maintain distinct sales and marketing organizations for our offerings in Diagnostic Solutions and our employer testing services. Technology. We use information systems extensively in virtually all aspects of our business, including clinical testing, test ordering and reporting, billing, customer service, logistics and management of data.  We endeavor to establish systems that create value and efficiencies for our Company and customers.  The successful delivery of our services depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology systems.  We take precautionary measures to prevent problems that could affect our IT systems. Some of our historic growth has come through acquisitions and, as a result, we continue to use multiple information systems.  We have made significant progress implementing common systems in our regional laboratories, and we continue to standardize laboratory information and billing systems across our operations.  In February 2025, we committed to Project Nova, a multi-year project to modernize our "Order to Cash" business processes, including the related information technology infrastructure and underlying enabling technologies.  We are partnering with Epic, a third-party licensor, to assist in the implementation of Project Nova.  We expect to deliver value throughout the implementation of Project Nova, which we expect will be completed in 2031 to 2032, as it unlocks a variety of streamlined operational benefits, reduced technology-related operating costs, accelerated revenue opportunities and improvements to the customer and patient experience.  As each of our standardization projects are completed over the coming years, we expect that they will result in significantly more centralized systems, improved operating efficiency, more positive customer experiences and enhanced control over our operational 19 Table of Contents environment.  Even after we complete our efforts to standardize our legacy systems, we will need to focus on standardizing systems in connection with future business acquisitions. Quality Assurance. At Quest, our Quality and Regulatory Affairs strategy is rooted in our Purpose: working together to create a healthier world, one life at a time.  Our mission is to ensure the highest standards of quality in every test and insight we deliver – enabling physicians and their patients to make confident, informed decisions about patient health.  Guided by our operating principles, the Quality and Regulatory Affairs function drives quality and regulatory compliance across the enterprise as a true business partner in advancing patient-first decision making.  We promote a "Speak Up for Quality" culture, where every team member is empowered to raise concerns, ask questions and share ideas that strengthen reliability and patient trust.  Recently, we enhanced enterprise engagement through our first enterprise-wide Quality Week, celebrating the work of teams across the Company and reinforcing shared accountability for quality outcomes. In our laboratory operations our quality assurance efforts focus on pre-analytic, analytic and post-analytic processes, including positive patient identification of specimens, appropriate specimen transport, analysis and report accuracy, reference interval establishment and review, statistical process control and personnel training for our laboratories and patient service centers.  As part of our quality assurance program, we utilize internal proficiency testing, comprehensive quality control and rigorous process audits.  We utilize comprehensive and digitized data analytics software that implements advanced automated quality control procedures, offering both real-time and post-analytic analysis of data at the laboratory and enterprise level.  In 2025, to modernize our quality ecosystem, we deployed new technology solutions, expanded public health reporting capability, and selected an enterprise electronic Quality Management System platform – investments that build on our strong infrastructure and support future scalability. We monitor test results to identify trends, biases, instrument failures and population shifts through digitization and data analytics.  We also focus on the licensing, credentialing, training and competence of our professional and technical staff.  For example, our cytotechnologists and pathologists participate in an internal peer-review evaluation and one or more external individual proficiency testing programs. We have accreditation or licenses for our clinical laboratory operations from various regulatory agencies or accrediting organizations, such as CMS, The College of American Pathologists (“CAP”) and certain states.  All of our laboratories participate in external quality surveillance programs, including proficiency testing programs administered by CAP and several state agencies.  CAP is an independent, nongovernmental organization of board-certified pathologists approved by CMS to inspect clinical laboratories to determine compliance with the standards required by the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act (“CLIA”).  CAP offers an accreditation program to which clinical laboratories may voluntarily subscribe.  All of our major laboratories, including our laboratories outside the United States, a number of our rapid response laboratories, and our biorepository facility are accredited by the CAP.  Accreditation includes on-site inspections and participation in the CAP (or equivalent) proficiency testing program.  In addition, some of our laboratories also have International Organization for Standardization (ISO) certification for their quality management systems.  For example, we have achieved ISO 14001 certification for our Cleveland HeartLab and laboratory facilities in Chantilly, VA, Marlborough MA, Lewisville TX and San Juan Capistrano, CA.  ISO 14001 is an internationally recognized management system that leverages leadership involvement and employee engagement to help organizations ensure compliance with regulatory standards, improve their environmental performance, provide a competitive advantage and gain the trust of stakeholders, and achieve strategic goals by incorporating environmental issues into business management. We maintain a robust Supplier Quality Program designed to ensure a high-quality supplier network and to raise the bar of quality expectation across that network.  We expect suppliers to provide the highest quality products and services and to embrace an ethic of transparent quality collaboration.  In our Supplier Quality Program, we aim to ensure and improve the quality of purchased products and services.  Our suppliers are expected to operate under quality management principles that meet industry standards, strive for zero defect manufacturing, use statistical analysis to reduce variation and meet applicable regulatory standards.  In choosing suppliers, we evaluate their quality systems and quality performance metrics.  Our supplier qualification process is risk-based, with assessments and on-site audits based on risk tiers and supplier quality management system compliance.  Contracts with our suppliers include specific quality, compliance, and change management provisions as appropriate.  We use supplier quality engineers who are trained to audit on ISO standards and FDA regulations applicable to suppliers’ processes, and a procurement engineering team to assist with qualification and validation of new supplies and products.  We actively manage supplier performance, utilizing a problem reporting and resolution process designed to drive to root cause and corrective actions.  We maintain a continuous improvement dialogue with our suppliers, and with operationally critical suppliers deliver a supplier scorecard that supports continuous improvement. In addition, we maintain quality assurance programs for hospital laboratories that we manage, many of which also maintain their own policies and procedures. Intellectual Property Rights. We own significant intellectual property, including patents, patent applications, technology, trade secrets, know-how, copyrights and trademarks in the United States and other countries.  From time to time, 20 Table of Contents we also license patents, patent applications, technology, trade secrets, know-how, copyrights or trademarks owned by others; we also may license our intellectual property to others.  In the aggregate, our intellectual property assets and licenses are of material importance to our business.  We believe, however, that no single intellectual property asset is material to our business as a whole.  Our approach is to manage our intellectual property assets, to safeguard them and to maximize their value to our enterprise.  We actively defend our important intellectual property assets and pursue protection of our products, processes and other intellectual property where possible. Enterprise Risk Management Program .  We maintain an enterprise risk management program, which is led by our executive leadership and overseen by our Board of Directors, that is designed to promote a culture of risk awareness throughout the Company's key business, operations and support functions.  Our program, which is integrated with the Company’s governance, performance management and internal control frameworks, entails a formal continuous process that identifies, assesses, mitigates and manages the risks from both internal and external conditions that could significantly impact the Company and influence its business strategy and performance.  The program, which is managed by an enterprise risk management team, is designed based on the most recent framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and we benchmark it against best practices.  We focus on the following risk types: • Operational risk - risks arising from systems, processes, people and external events that affect the Company’s operational objectives or fundamental reason for its existence, including: product life-cycle and execution; service quality and performance; information management and data protection and security, including cybersecurity; supply chain and business disruption; and other risks, including human capital, reputation and environmental. • Financial risk - risks arising from the Company’s ability to meet its financial obligations pursuant to its strategic and operational objectives, including exposure to broad market and more specific industry risk that could impact liquidity, interest rate, credit, pricing and reimbursement, and also to internal and external financial reporting. • Legal and compliance risk - risks arising from the regulatory and enforcement environment, legal proceedings and adherence to ethics and compliance policies and procedures. • Strategic risk - risks that will impede the Company’s plan to achieve its Purpose and apply its core values, including changes in the broad market and Company's industry, business development and restructuring activities, competitive threats and practices, technology and product innovation, and public policy. As part of our program, together with our Board of Directors, we routinely assess our enterprise level risks, emerging risks, overall Company-level risk tolerance and the effectiveness of risk management, and monitor the progress of and resources applied to risk mitigation.  Our Board of Directors and its committees receive updates and training from internal and external experts on topics that are relevant to overall risk management.  Our primary

--- VENDORS ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components: Our Purpose: why we exist; our Strategy: how we grow; and our Culture: how we work.  Our focus on delivering across The Quest Way drives our approach to human capital management.  Effectively managing our human capital resources is a priority with key components that include culture, safety and well-being programs, and employee engagement, and attracting, training, development and succession planning.  Our Board of Directors oversees our human capital management, including by receiving management reports on key areas, strategies, and initiatives.  Additional information about our human capital management strategies and initiatives is available in our annual corporate responsibility report. As of December 31, 2025, we have nearly 57,000 employees globally (including LifeLabs’ approximately 6,800), of whom approximately 46,000 are full-time and the remainder are part-time or on-call.  Approximately 70% of our employees globally are women (including approximately 75% at LifeLabs).  A majority of our employees work directly with our customers or in our laboratories.  Fewer than 1% of our U.S. employees are represented by a union.  We believe that our overall relations with our employees are good. Culture .  We foster a strong culture, built on our Code of Ethics, which reinforces our commitment to integrity and aligns with our Purpose and brand.  In 2023, we introduced The Quest Way and the 5Cs of Culture —Customer First, Care, Curiosity, Collaboration and Continuous Improvement—to define the behaviors we value and aspire to, every day.  The 5Cs are integrated into our daily management practices, including recognition, training and performance reviews, to encourage all employees to embody the 5Cs in their daily activities. We understand the need to create an environment where employees can bring their whole selves to work, and our philosophy embodies our commitment to promote inclusion by consistently inviting new perspectives and exploring new experiences.  We aim to harness the unique mix of capabilities, talents, cultures, beliefs and experience of our employees and create a workforce that feels comfortable sharing these perspectives. We focus on Culture, Talent and Community across the entire talent lifecycle and prioritize supporting all employees throughout their careers at Quest.  We continue to prioritize our leadership training programs supporting early careerists, mid-career managers and senior executives.  Additionally, we launched a council comprised of leaders from our Employee Business Networks to offer regular feedback to organizational leaders on opportunities to further enhance our culture. Our Quest Management System, supports our effort to maintain a focus on high performance.  We also focus on building and maintaining a collaborative and inclusive culture in which all employees are empowered to raise and discuss difficult issues and are valued for their strengths, experience and unique perspectives.  We encourage our employees to actively participate in their communities, and support their participation, through our Employee Business Networks and Matching Gift Program.  All Employee Business Networks are open to all employees to participate in.  Our Everyday Excellence program elevates our focus on the 5C of Customer First through guiding principles for our entire organization to support a superior customer experience and inspire employees to be their best every day, with every person and with every customer interaction; the program is integrated into frontline employee behavioral standards.  Our Recognition Quest Program reinforces our commitment to recognize above and beyond contributions and to demonstrating how much we value, care for and appreciate one another by regularly celebrating and rewarding one another as we work together. Safety and Well-Being. The health and safety of our employees is of paramount concern. We use a systematic, risk-based approach to develop tailored incident prevention and response programs designed to keep our employees safe in each of our different functional areas and use data insights and a detailed audit program to foster the effectiveness of our programs.  We have a comprehensive curriculum of annual safety training, as well as training for new employees.  As part of our comprehensive and competitive compensation and benefits program, we also offer innovative initiatives to support the well-being of our employees and their families through our HealthyQuest™ program.  The cornerstone of HealthyQuest™ is our Blueprint for Wellness® program, which empowers our employees and their spouses and partners with health insights based on lab and biometric data and invites them each year to take the initiative to improve their physical and mental health.  We also offer comprehensive medical and mental health plans.  HealthyQuest™ focuses on prevention, progression and reversal, through which we offer a HealthyQuest™ Employee Business Network and intervention programs designed to engage employees in managing their health, including access to medical expertise and support programs tailored to their individual needs, helping them to adopt healthier behaviors and access better care at lower costs.  These programs include customized programs for conditions such as type 2 diabetes management, chronic kidney disease, cardiovascular disease, specialty drugs, 18 Table of Contents weight management, zero-cost lab testing, and special support for orthopedic surgery and for cancer and other serious diagnoses. Engagement .  Actively listening to our employees is fundamental to Quest’s culture. We have always sought to foster the engagement of our employees and take action to improve the employee experience, through the use of regular employee insight surveys.  Employee engagement has been a metric in the annual incentive plan for our executive officers since 2013. Since 2020, our strategy for gathering employee feedback utilizes more frequent employee insight surveys.  This approach is designed to build an agile culture, based on continuous feedback that fuels ongoing conversations about priorities, performance, opportunities and growth, to result in a higher performing organization and committed employees.  This is complemented by lifecycle surveys for new hire and departing staff.  In addition, we conduct surveys of our employees regarding important topics and hold regular monthly meetings among hundreds of company leaders to foster increased communication across the company regarding topics of concern to employees. Attracting, Training, Development and Succession Planning .  We have a strong program designed to attract a qualified work force that will enable us to achieve our business goals.  For example, we are partnering with universities and specialized healthcare schools to help build our pipeline of expertise in medical technology, cytology and histology, and we have teamed up with a third-party phlebotomy training program to train and certify phlebotomist candidates who can join our ranks upon graduation.  We provide training on a wide array of topics to our employees through live and online formats, including opportunities that can be accessed through their mobile devices.  We also offer a number of development opportunities for our employees through a robust library of offerings in our Learning Management System, EMPower.  We also offer mentoring and education programs, including a higher education tuition assistance program, My Quest for Education.  Among participants in the My Quest for Education program, 54% have received promotions and 36% have made lateral career moves.  We continue to invest in INSPIRE, a frontline development program focused on enhancing service excellence for our customer-facing employees.  In addition, we provide leadership training opportunities for employees at all levels, including a manager essentials curriculum, our Leading Quest Supervisor and Manager Core program, our director-level Leading Quest for Business Impact program, Financial Acumen for Business Leaders, leadership coaching programs and trainings to strengthen critical leadership skills.  We also deliver a number of programs tailored to specific functions to drive a high-performance culture and sharpen the capabilities needed to lead our organization ( e.g ., programs focused on Commercial, Finance, Pathology, R&D, and Product Development).  Quest’s robust talent review and succession planning process assesses current and future organizational needs in combination with the capabilities and aspirations of our employees to ensure we have the right talent, in the right roles, at the right time.  For leaders, we have robust succession plans and leverage several inputs, inclusive of formal assessments, to inform customized development plans. Sales and Marketing. Our Diagnostic Information Services business has a unified commercial organization focused on the sale of most of our services.  It coordinates closely with our clinical franchises (discussed above under the heading "Organized to Drive Growth and Value") and marketing organization.  The commercial organization is centrally led, and is organized regionally, in conjunction with our operations organization, to focus on local customer needs and to ensure aligned delivery for our customers.  Our commercial organization employs leading processes and tools and strong management discipline.  We provide industry-leading training and development, focus on opportunities with hospitals and specialty physicians, and foster a customer-focused, performance-driven culture.  We also maintain distinct sales and marketing organizations for our offerings in Diagnostic Solutions and our employer testing services. Technology. We use information systems extensively in virtually all aspects of our business, including clinical testing, test ordering and reporting, billing, customer service, logistics and management of data.  We endeavor to establish systems that create value and efficiencies for our Company and customers.  The successful delivery of our services depends, in part, on the continued and uninterrupted performance of our information technology systems.  We take precautionary measures to prevent problems that could affect our IT systems. Some of our historic growth has come through acquisitions and, as a result, we continue to use multiple information systems.  We have made significant progress implementing common systems in our regional laboratories, and we continue to standardize laboratory information and billing systems across our operations.  In February 2025, we committed to Project Nova, a multi-year project to modernize our "Order to Cash" business processes, including the related information technology infrastructure and underlying enabling technologies.  We are partnering with Epic, a third-party licensor, to assist in the implementation of Project Nova.  We expect to deliver value throughout the implementation of Project Nova, which we expect will be completed in 2031 to 2032, as it unlocks a variety of streamlined operational benefits, reduced technology-related operating costs, accelerated revenue opportunities and improvements to the customer and patient experience.  As each of our standardization projects are completed over the coming years, we expect that they will result in significantly more centralized systems, improved operating efficiency, more positive customer experiences and enhanced control over our operational 19 Table of Contents environment.  Even after we complete our efforts to standardize our legacy systems, we will need to focus on standardizing systems in connection with future business acquisitions. Quality Assurance. At Quest, our Quality and Regulatory Affairs strategy is rooted in our Purpose: working together to create a healthier world, one life at a time.  Our mission is to ensure the highest standards of quality in every test and insight we deliver – enabling physicians and their patients to make confident, informed decisions about patient health.  Guided by our operating principles, the Quality and Regulatory Affairs function drives quality and regulatory compliance across the enterprise as a true business partner in advancing patient-first decision making.  We promote a "Speak Up for Quality" culture, where every team member is empowered to raise concerns, ask questions and share ideas that strengthen reliability and patient trust.  Recently, we enhanced enterprise engagement through our first enterprise-wide Quality Week, celebrating the work of teams across the Company and reinforcing shared accountability for quality outcomes. In our laboratory operations our quality assurance efforts focus on pre-analytic, analytic and post-analytic processes, including positive patient identification of specimens, appropriate specimen transport, analysis and report accuracy, reference interval establishment and review, statistical process control and personnel training for our laboratories and patient service centers.  As part of our quality assurance program, we utilize internal proficiency testing, comprehensive quality control and rigorous process audits.  We utilize comprehensive and digitized data analytics software that implements advanced automated quality control procedures, offering both real-time and post-analytic analysis of data at the laboratory and enterprise level.  In 2025, to modernize our quality ecosystem, we deployed new technology solutions, expanded public health reporting capability, and selected an enterprise electronic Quality Management System platform – investments that build on our strong infrastructure and support future scalability. We monitor test results to identify trends, biases, instrument failures and population shifts through digitization and data analytics.  We also focus on the licensing, credentialing, training and competence of our professional and technical staff.  For example, our cytotechnologists and pathologists participate in an internal peer-review evaluation and one or more external individual proficiency testing programs. We have accreditation or licenses for our clinical laboratory operations from various regulatory agencies or accrediting organizations, such as CMS, The College of American Pathologists (“CAP”) and certain states.  All of our laboratories participate in external quality surveillance programs, including proficiency testing programs administered by CAP and several state agencies.  CAP is an independent, nongovernmental organization of board-certified pathologists approved by CMS to inspect clinical laboratories to determine compliance with the standards required by the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Act (“CLIA”).  CAP offers an accreditation program to which clinical laboratories may voluntarily subscribe.  All of our major laboratories, including our laboratories outside the United States, a number of our rapid response laboratories, and our biorepository facility are accredited by the CAP.  Accreditation includes on-site inspections and participation in the CAP (or equivalent) proficiency testing program.  In addition, some of our laboratories also have International Organization for Standardization (ISO) certification for their quality management systems.  For example, we have achieved ISO 14001 certification for our Cleveland HeartLab and laboratory facilities in Chantilly, VA, Marlborough MA, Lewisville TX and San Juan Capistrano, CA.  ISO 14001 is an internationally recognized management system that leverages leadership involvement and employee engagement to help organizations ensure compliance with regulatory standards, improve their environmental performance, provide a competitive advantage and gain the trust of stakeholders, and achieve strategic goals by incorporating environmental issues into business management. We maintain a robust Supplier Quality Program designed to ensure a high-quality supplier network and to raise the bar of quality expectation across that network.  We expect suppliers to provide the highest quality products and services and to embrace an ethic of transparent quality collaboration.  In our Supplier Quality Program, we aim to ensure and improve the quality of purchased products and services.  Our suppliers are expected to operate under quality management principles that meet industry standards, strive for zero defect manufacturing, use statistical analysis to reduce variation and meet applicable regulatory standards.  In choosing suppliers, we evaluate their quality systems and quality performance metrics.  Our supplier qualification process is risk-based, with assessments and on-site audits based on risk tiers and supplier quality management system compliance.  Contracts with our suppliers include specific quality, compliance, and change management provisions as appropriate.  We use supplier quality engineers who are trained to audit on ISO standards and FDA regulations applicable to suppliers’ processes, and a procurement engineering team to assist with qualification and validation of new supplies and products.  We actively manage supplier performance, utilizing a problem reporting and resolution process designed to drive to root cause and corrective actions.  We maintain a continuous improvement dialogue with our suppliers, and with operationally critical suppliers deliver a supplier scorecard that supports continuous improvement. In addition, we maintain quality assurance programs for hospital laboratories that we manage, many of which also maintain their own policies and procedures. Intellectual Property Rights. We own significant intellectual property, including patents, patent applications, technology, trade secrets, know-how, copyrights and trademarks in the United States and other countries.  From time to time, 20 Table of Contents we also license patents, patent applications, technology, trade secrets, know-how, copyrights or trademarks owned by others; we also may license our intellectual property to others.  In the aggregate, our intellectual property assets and licenses are of material importance to our business.  We believe, however, that no single intellectual property asset is material to our business as a whole.  Our approach is to manage our intellectual property assets, to safeguard them and to maximize their value to our enterprise.  We actively defend our important intellectual property assets and pursue protection of our products, processes and other intellectual property where possible. Enterprise Risk Management Program .  We maintain an enterprise risk management program, which is led by our executive leadership and overseen by our Board of Directors, that is designed to promote a culture of risk awareness throughout the Company's key business, operations and support functions.  Our program, which is integrated with the Company’s governance, performance management and internal control frameworks, entails a formal continuous process that identifies, assesses, mitigates and manages the risks from both internal and external conditions that could significantly impact the Company and influence its business strategy and performance.  The program, which is managed by an enterprise risk management team, is designed based on the most recent framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, and we benchmark it against best practices.  We focus on the following risk types: • Operational risk - risks arising from systems, processes, people and external events that affect the Company’s operational objectives or fundamental reason for its existence, including: product life-cycle and execution; service quality and performance; information management and data protection and security, including cybersecurity; supply chain and business disruption; and other risks, including human capital, reputation and environmental. • Financial risk - risks arising from the Company’s ability to meet its financial obligations pursuant to its strategic and operational objectives, including exposure to broad market and more specific industry risk that could impact liquidity, interest rate, credit, pricing and reimbursement, and also to internal and external financial reporting. • Legal and compliance risk - risks arising from the regulatory and enforcement environment, legal proceedings and adherence to ethics and compliance policies and procedures. • Strategic risk - risks that will impede the Company’s plan to achieve its Purpose and apply its core values, including changes in the broad market and Company's industry, business development and restructuring activities, competitive threats and practices, technology and product innovation, and public policy. As part of our program, together with our Board of Directors, we routinely assess our enterprise level risks, emerging risks, overall Company-level risk tolerance and the effectiveness of risk management, and monitor the progress of and resources applied to risk mitigation.  Our Board of Directors and its committees receive updates and training from internal and external experts on topics that are relevant to overall risk management.  Our primary

