TICKER: DIOD
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain, increase our production costs, and reduce our competitiveness in the global market. Tariffs could cause delays and disruptions in our supply chain, as suppliers face increased costs and logistical challenges, which could result in delays in product delivery and increased inventory costs. Tariffs on imported raw materials and components could lead to higher production costs that we are unable to pass on to customers, negatively affecting our margins. Any attempts by us to pass on these increased costs to our customers through higher prices for our products may lead to reduced demand from our customers, adversely affecting our sales and market share. Additionally, tariffs may place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to foreign competitors who are not subject to similar trade barriers, which could impact our ability to compete effectively in the global market. The impact of tariffs can create economic uncertainty, which may negatively affect our customers’ purchasing decisions and overall market conditions. We are actively monitoring changes in trade policies and tariffs and are implementing measures to mitigate these risks where feasible. Nevertheless, we cannot guarantee the success of these efforts, and the imposition of tariffs may significantly impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The impact of pandemics may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. National, state, and local governments have responded to pandemics in a variety of ways including by declaring states of emergency, restricting people from gathering in groups or interacting within a certain physical distance ( i.e. , social distancing), ordering businesses to close or limit operations and ordering people to stay at home ( i.e. , shelter in place), and imposing travel restrictions (including quarantine requirements). Given these governmental actions, there is no assurance that we will be permitted to operate under every current or future government order or other restriction and in every location where we maintain operations. Any long-term limitations on, or long-term closures of, our manufacturing facilities in the U.S., Asia, or Europe would have a negative adverse impact on our ability to manufacture, sell, and ship products and service customers and would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 13 During times of difficult market conditions, our fixed costs combined with lower net sales and lower profit margins may have a negative impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. The semiconductor industry is characterized by high fixed costs. Notwithstanding our utilization of third-party manufacturing capacity, most of our production requirements are met by our own manufacturing facilities. In difficult economic environments, we could be faced with a decline in the utilization rates of our manufacturing facilities due to decreases in product demand. During such periods, the costs associated with this excess capacity are expensed immediately and not capitalized into inventory, and we generally experience lower gross margins. The market conditions in the future may adversely affect our utilization rates and consequently our future gross margins and this, in turn, could have a material negative impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Downturns in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry or changes in end-market demand could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. The semiconductor industry is highly cyclical, and periodically experiences significant economic downturns characterized by diminished product demand, production overcapacity and excess inventory, which can result in rapid erosion in average selling prices and significant net sales declines, which may harm our operating results and financial condition. In addition, we operate in a few narrow markets of the semiconductor market and, as a result, cyclical fluctuations may affect these segments to a greater extent than they affect the broader semiconductor market. This may cause us to experience greater fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition than some of our broad line semiconductor competitors. In addition, we may experience significant changes in our profitability as a result of variations in sales, changes in product mix, changes in end-user markets, and the costs associated with the introduction of new products. The markets for our products depend on continued demand in the industrial, automotive, computing, communications, and consumer sectors. These end-user markets also tend to be cyclical and may also experience changes in demand that could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. The semiconductor business is highly competitive, and increased competition may harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. The semiconductor industry in which we operate is highly competitive. We expect intensified competition from existing competitors and new entrants. Competition is based on price, product performance, product availability, quality, reliability, technological innovation, and customer service. We compete in various markets with companies of various sizes, many of which are larger and have greater resources or capabilities as it relates to financial, marketing, distribution, brand name recognition, research and development, manufacturing, and other resources than we have. As a result, they may be better able to develop new products, market their products, pursue acquisition candidates, and withstand adverse economic or market conditions. Most of our current major competitors are broad line semiconductor manufacturers who often have a wider range of product types and technologies than we do. In addition, companies not currently in direct competition with us may introduce competing products in the future. Some of our current major competitors are Infineon Technologies A.G., Epson, Kyrocera, Nexperia, NXP Semiconductors N.V., ON Semiconductor Corporation, Renesas Electronics Corporation, Texas Instruments, and Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. We may not be able to compete successfully in the future, and competitive pressures may harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Delays in initiation of production at facilities due to implementing new production techniques or resolving problems associated with technical equipment malfunctions could adversely affect our manufacturing efficiencies, operating results, and financial condition. Our manufacturing efficiency has been and will be an important factor in our future profitability, and we may not be able to maintain or increase our manufacturing efficiency. Our manufacturing and testing processes are complex, require advanced and costly equipment, and are continually being modified in our efforts to improve product performance and cost. Difficulties in the manufacturing process can lower yields. Technical or other problems could lead to production delays, order cancellations, and lost net sales. In addition, any problems in achieving acceptable yields, construction delays, or other problems in upgrading or expanding existing facilities, building new facilities, bringing new manufacturing capacity to full production, or changing our process technologies could also result in capacity constraints, production delays, and a loss of future net sales and customers. Our operating results also could be adversely affected by any increase in fixed costs and operating expenses related to increases in production capacity if net sales do not increase proportionately, or in the event of a decline in demand for our products. Any disruption at any of our wafer fabrication facilities or assembly and test facilities could have a material adverse effect on our manufacturing efficiencies, operating results, and financial condition. We are and will continue to be under continuous pressure from our customers and competitors to reduce the price of our products, which could adversely affect our growth and profit margins. Prices for our products tend to decrease over their life cycle. There is substantial and continuing pressure from customers to reduce the total cost of purchasing our products. To remain competitive and retain our customers and gain new ones, we must continue to reduce our costs through design, product, and manufacturing improvements. We must also strive to minimize our customers’ shipping and inventory financing costs and to meet their other goals for rationalization of supply and production. Our net sales growth and profit margins will suffer if we cannot effectively continue to reduce our costs and keep our product prices competitive. 14 Our customers may require our products to undergo a lengthy and expensive qualification process without any assurance of product sales and may audit our operations from time to time. A failure to qualify a product or a negative audit finding could adversely affect our net sales, operating results and financial condition. Prior to purchasing our products, our customers may require our products to undergo an extensive qualification process, which involves rigorous reliability testing. This qualification process may continue for six months or longer. However, qualification of a product by a customer does not ensure any sales of the product to that customer. In addition, we are focusing more on the automotive and industrial markets. These markets, automotive in particular, require higher quality standards. Although we are working to ensure our organization and products meet the more rigorous quality standards, there can be no assurances we will succeed. Even after successful qualification and sales of a product to a customer, a subsequent revision to the product, changes in the product’s manufacturing process or the selection of a new supplier by us may require a requalification process, which may result in delayed net sales, foregone sales and excess or obsolete inventory. After our products are qualified, it can take an additional six months or more before the customer commences volume production of components or devices that incorporate our products. Despite these uncertainties, we devote substantial resources, including design, engineering, sales, marketing, and management efforts, toward qualifying our products with customers in anticipation of sales. If we are unsuccessful or delayed in qualifying any of our products with a customer, such failure or delay would preclude or delay sales of such product to the customer, which may adversely affect our net sales, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, from time to time, our customers may audit of our records, product manufacturing, qualification, and packaging processes, business practices, and other related items to verify that we have complied with our business obligations, standard processes and procedures, product specifications, and governing laws and regulations related to our business practices, and performed in accordance with the agreed terms and conditions of our business agreements. If the audit shows any deficiency in any of these categories, our customers may require us to implement extensive protocols to remedy the deficiency, assess us significant penalties, refuse shipments of our products, return existing inventory, cancel orders, or terminate our business relationship, each of which will adversely affect our net sales, operating results, and financial condition. Our customer orders are subject to cancellation or modification usually with no penalty. High volumes of order cancellation or reduction in quantities ordered could adversely affect our net sales, operating results, and financial condition. All of our customer orders are subject to cancellation or modification, usually with no penalty to the customer. Orders are generally made on a purchase order basis, rather than pursuant to long-term supply contracts, and are booked from immediate delivery to twelve months or more in advance of delivery. The rate of booking new orders can vary significantly from month to month. We, and the semiconductor industry as a whole, are experiencing a trend towards shorter customer-requested lead times, which is the amount of time between the date a customer places an order and the date the customer requires shipment. Furthermore, our industry is subject to rapid changes in customer outlook and periods of excess inventory due to changes in demand in the end-markets our industry serves. As a result, many of our purchase orders are revised, and may be cancelled, with little or no penalty and with little or no notice. However, we must still commit production and other resources to fulfilling these purchase orders even though they may ultimately be cancelled. If a significant number of purchase orders are cancelled or product quantities ordered are reduced, and we are unable to timely generate replacement orders, we may build up excess inventory and our net sales, operating results, and financial condition may suffer. Production at our manufacturing facilities could be disrupted for a variety of reasons, including natural disasters and other extraordinary events, which could prevent us from producing enough of our products to maintain our sales and satisfy our customers’ demands and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. A disruption in production at our manufacturing facilities could have a material adverse effect on our business. Disruptions could occur for many reasons, including fire, floods, hurricanes, typhoons, droughts, tsunamis, volcanoes, earthquakes, disease or other similar natural disasters, unplanned maintenance or other manufacturing problems, labor shortages, power outages or shortages, telecommunications failures, strikes, transportation interruption, government regulation, terrorism or other extraordinary events, including pandemics and epidemics (such as the outbreak of the COVID-19 virus or human metapneumovirus), and related travel restrictions. Such disruptions may cause direct injury or damage to our employees and property and related internal controls with significant indirect consequences. Alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more or may take a significant time to start production, each of which could negatively affect our business and financial performance. If one of our key manufacturing facilities is unable to produce our products for an extended period of time, our sales may be reduced by the shortfall caused by the disruption, and we may not be able to meet our customers’ needs, which could cause our customers to seek other suppliers. Such disruptions could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. New technologies could result in the development of new products by our competitors and a decrease in demand for our products, and we may not be able to develop new products to satisfy changes in demand, which would adversely affect our net sales, market share, operating results, and financial condition. Our product range and new product development program are focused on low pin count semiconductor devices with one or more active or passive components. Our failure to develop new technologies, or anticipate or react to changes in existing technologies, either within or outside of the semiconductor market, could materially delay development of new products, which could result in a decrease in our net sales and a loss of market share. The semiconductor industry is characterized by rapidly changing technologies and industry 15 standards, together with frequent new product introductions. Our financial performance depends on our ability to design, develop, manufacture, assemble, test, market, and support new products and product enhancements on a timely and cost-effective basis. We may not successfully identify new product opportunities or develop and bring new products to market or succeed in selling them into new customer applications in a timely and cost-effective manner. Products or technologies developed by other companies may render our products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive, and since we operate primarily in a narrow segment of the broader semiconductor industry, this may have a greater effect on us than it would if we were a broad-line semiconductor supplier with a wider range of product types and technologies. Many of our competitors are larger and more established international companies with greater engineering and research and development resources than us. Our failure to identify or capitalize on any fundamental shifts in technologies in our product markets, relative to our competitors, could harm our business, have a material adverse effect on our competitive position within our industry and harm our relationships with our customers. In addition, to remain competitive, we must continue to reduce package sizes, improve manufacturing costs and expand our sales. We may not be able to accomplish these goals, which would adversely affect our net sales, market share, operating results, and financial condition. We may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights or demands that we license third-party technology, which could result in significant expense, reduction in our intellectual property rights, and a negative impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. The semiconductor industry is characterized by vigorous protection and pursuit of intellectual property rights. From time to time, third parties have asserted, and may in the future assert, patent, copyright, trademark, and other intellectual property rights to technology that is important to our business and have demanded, and may in the future demand, that we license their patents and technology. Any litigation to determine the validity of allegations that our products infringe or may infringe these rights, including claims arising through our contractual indemnification of our customers, or claims challenging the validity of our patents, regardless of its merit or resolution, could be costly and divert the efforts and attention of our management and technical personnel. We may not prevail in litigation given the complex technical issues and inherent uncertainties in intellectual property litigation. If litigation results in an adverse ruling, we could be required to: • pay substantial damages for past, present, and future use of the infringing technology; • cease manufacture, use, or sale of infringing products; • discontinue the use of infringing technology; • expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology; • pay substantial damages to our customers or end-users to discontinue use or replace infringing technology with non-infringing technology; • license technology from the third party claiming infringement, which license may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all; or • relinquish intellectual property rights associated with one or more of our patent claims, if such claims are held invalid or otherwise unenforceable. We depend on third-party suppliers for timely deliveries of raw materials, manufacturing services, product and process development, parts, and equipment, as well as finished products from other manufacturers, and our reputation with customers, operating results, and financial condition could be adversely affected if we are unable to obtain adequate supplies in a timely manner. Our manufacturing operations depend upon obtaining adequate supplies of raw materials, manufacturing services, product and process development, parts, and equipment on a timely basis from third parties. In some instances, a supplier may be our sole-source supplier. Any interruption in, or change in the cost or quality of, the supply of raw materials, manufacturing services, product and process development, parts or equipment needed to manufacture our products could adversely affect our reputation with customers, operating results and financial condition. In addition, we sell finished products from other manufacturers. Our business could also be adversely affected if there are quality problems with the finished products we sell. From time to time, various suppliers may extend lead-times, limit supplies, or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. We have no long-term purchase contracts with any of these manufacturers and, therefore, have no contractual assurances of continued supply, pricing, or access to finished products that we sell, and any such manufacturer could discontinue supplying to us at any time. Additionally, some of our suppliers of finished products or wafers compete directly with us and may, in the future, choose not to supply products to us. A significant part of our growth strategy involves acquiring companies and businesses. We may be unable to identify suitable acquisition candidates or consummate desired acquisitions and, if we do make any acquisitions, we may be unable to successfully integrate any acquired companies with our operations, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 16 A significant part of our growth strategy involves acquiring companies and businesses. We may be unsuccessful in identifying suitable acquisition candidates, or we may be unable to consummate a desired acquisition. To the extent we do make acquisitions, if we are unsuccessful in integrating these companies or businesses or their operations or product lines with our operations, or if integration is more difficult than anticipated, we may experience disruptions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. In addition, we may not realize all of the benefits we anticipate from any such acquisitions. Some of the risks that may affect our ability to integrate or realize any anticipated benefits from acquisitions that we may make include those associated with: • higher than anticipated acquisition costs and expenses; • use a significant portion of our cash and incur additional debt; • issue equity securities, which would dilute current stockholders’ percentage ownership; • incur or assume contingent liabilities, known or unknown; • incur amortization expenses related to intangibles; • incur large, immediate accounting write-offs; • incur substantial expense and diversion of management attention, regardless of the success of the acquisition; • create goodwill and other intangible assets that may require impairment charges in the future; • unexpected losses of key employees or customers of the acquired companies or businesses; • delays in obtaining customer qualification of acquired facilities; • bringing the acquired company’s standards and processes, including disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, into conformance with our operations; • coordinating our new product and process development; • hiring additional management and other critical personnel; • increasing the scope, geographic diversity and complexity of our operations; • difficulties in consolidating facilities and transferring processes and know-how; • difficulties in reducing costs of the acquired entity’s business; and • adverse effects on existing business relationships with customers. We may ultimately not be successful in overcoming these risks or any other problems encountered in connection with acquisitions. We are subject to many environmental laws and regulations that could result in significant expenses and could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. We are subject to a variety of U.S. federal, state, local, and foreign governmental laws, rules, and regulations related to the use, storage, handling, discharge, or disposal of certain toxic, volatile, or otherwise hazardous chemicals used in manufacturing our products throughout the world. Any of these regulations could require us to acquire equipment or to incur substantial other expenses to comply with environmental regulations. Any failure to comply with present or future environmental laws, rules and regulations could result in fines, suspension of production or cessation of operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. We may incur additional costs and face emerging risks associated with environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) factors impacting our operations . Stakeholders such as investors, employees, and the communities in which we operate have increased their focus on our ESG and sustainability related activities, specifically in the corporate, social, and environmental responsibility (“CSER”) areas. Some investors  and customers may use our ESG and sustainability related information as well as third party ESG ratings and metrics to guide their investment strategies and product purchases. If our ESG or CSER policies and practices are perceived to be inadequate, we could face reputational damages or loss of sales and our financial results may be adversely affected. Our products, or products we purchase from third parties for resale, may be found to be defective and, as a result, warranty claims and product liability claims may be asserted against us and we may not have recourse against our suppliers, which may harm our business, reputation with our customers, operating results, and financial condition. Our products, or products we purchase from third parties for resale, are typically sold at prices that are an insignificant portion of the overall value of the equipment or other goods in which they are incorporated. Since a defect or failure in our products could give rise to failures in the end-products that incorporate them (and consequential claims for damages against our customers from their 17 customers), we may face claims for damages that are disproportionate to the net sales and profits we receive from the products involved and we may not have recourse against our suppliers. Even in cases where we do not believe we have legal liability for such claims, we may choose to pay for them to retain a customer’s business or goodwill or to settle claims to avoid protracted litigation. Our operating results and business could be adversely affected as a result of a significant quality or performance issue in our products, if we are required or choose to pay for the damages that result. We may choose not to carry liability insurance, may not have sufficient insurance coverage, or may not have sufficient resources, to satisfy all possible warranty claims and product liability claims. In addition, any perception that our products are defective would likely result in reduced sales of our products, loss of customers and harm to our business, reputation, operating results, and financial condition. We may fail to attract or retain the qualified technical, sales, marketing, finance and management/executive personnel required to operate our business successfully, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical, sales, marketing, finance, and managerial personnel. Personnel with the necessary expertise are scarce and competition for personnel with these skills is intense. We may not be able to retain existing key technical, sales, marketing, finance, and managerial employees or be successful in attracting, assimilating or retaining other highly qualified technical, sales, marketing, finance, and managerial/executive personnel in the future. For example, we have faced, and continue to face, intense competition for qualified technical and other personnel in China, where our assembly and test facilities are located. A number of U.S. and multi-national corporations, both in the semiconductor industry and in other industries, have recently established and are continuing to establish factories and plants in China, and the competition for qualified personnel has increased significantly as a result. If we are unable to retain existing key employees or are unsuccessful in attracting new highly qualified employees, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. We may not be able to achieve future growth, and any such growth may place a strain on our management and on our systems and resources, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Our ability to successfully grow our business requires effective planning and management. Our past growth, and our targeted future growth, may place a significant strain on our management and on our systems and resources, including our financial and managerial controls, reporting systems, and procedures. In addition, we will need to continue to train and manage our workforce worldwide. If we are unable to effectively plan and manage our growth effectively, our business and prospects will be harmed and we will not be able to maintain our profitable growth, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Obsolete inventories as a result of changes in demand for our products and change in life cycles of our products could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. The life cycles of some of our products depend heavily upon the life cycles of the end-products into which our products are designed. End-market products with short life cycles require us to manage closely our production and inventory levels. Inventory may also become obsolete because of adverse changes in end-market demand. We may in the future be adversely affected by obsolete or excess inventories, which may result from unanticipated changes in the estimated total demand for our products or the estimated life cycles of the end-products into which our products are designed. In addition, some customers restrict how far back the date of manufacture for our products can be and certain customers may stop ordering products from us and go out of business due to adverse economic conditions; therefore, some of our product inventory may become obsolete and, thus, adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. If our direct sales customers or our distributors’ customers do not design our products into their applications, our net sales may be adversely affected. We expect an increasingly significant portion of net sales will come from products we design specifically for our customers. However, we may be unable to achieve these design wins. In addition, a design win from a customer does not guarantee future sales to that customer. We are subject to interest rate risk that could have an adverse effect on our cost of working capital and interest expenses, which could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. We currently have a floating rate debt that is subject to interest rate changes. See “Liquidity and Capital Resources” below and Note 8 of “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” of this Annual Report for additional information. A rise in interest rates could have an adverse impact upon our cost of working capital and our interest expense. Based on our debt balances at December 31, 2025, an increase or decrease in interest rates by 1.0% for the year on our long-term debt would increase or decrease our annual interest rate expense by approximately $0.6 million. Our hedging strategies may not be successful in mitigating our risks associated with interest rates or foreign exchange exposure or our counterparties might not perform as agreed. We use interest rate swaps and foreign exchange forward contracts to provide a level of protection against interest rate risks and foreign exchange exposure, but no hedging strategy can protect us completely. The nature and timing of hedging transactions influence the effectiveness of these strategies. Poorly designed strategies, improperly executed and documented transactions, or inaccurate assumptions could actually increase our risks and losses. In addition, hedging strategies involve transaction and other costs. The hedging strategies and the derivatives that we use may not be able to adequately offset the risks of interest rate volatility and our hedging 18 transactions may result in or magnify losses. Furthermore, interest rate and foreign exchange derivatives may not be available on favorable terms or at all, particularly during economic downturns. Any of the foregoing risks could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We are exposed to counterparty credit risk in the event of non-performance by counterparties to the interest rate swaps and foreign exchange contracts. We may have a significant amount of debt with various financial institutions worldwide. Any indebtedness could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition, and our ability to meet payment obligations under such debt. We may have a significant amount of debt and substantial debt service requirements on our borrowings, including our credit facilities with various financial institutions worldwide. As of December 31, 2025, $25.7 million in long-term debt was outstanding. In addition we have short-term foreign credit facilities with borrowing capacities of approximately $150.3 million with an unused amount of $119.6 million. Our outstanding debt could have significant consequences on our future operations, including: • making it more difficult for us to meet our payment and other obligations under our outstanding debt agreements; • resulting in one or more events of default if we fail to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants contained in our debt agreements, which events of default could result in all of our debt becoming immediately due and payable and, in the case of an event of default under our secured debt could permit the lenders to foreclose on our assets securing that debt; • reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and other general corporate purposes, and limiting our ability to obtain additional financing for these purposes; • subjecting us to the risks of increased sensitivity to interest rate increases on our indebtedness with variable interest rates; • limiting our flexibility in planning for, reacting to, and increasing our vulnerability to, changes in our business, the industry in which we operate, and the general economy; and • placing us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt or are less leveraged. Any of the above-listed factors could have an adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition, and our ability to meet our payment obligations under our debt agreements. Restrictions in our credit facilities may limit our business and financial activities, including our ability to obtain additional capital in the future. Our U.S. credit facility contains covenants imposing various restrictions on our business and financial activities. These restrictions may affect our ability to operate our business and undertake certain financial activities and may limit our ability to take advantage of potential business or financial opportunities as they arise. The restrictions these covenants place on us include limitations on our ability to incur liens, incur indebtedness, make investments, dissolve or merge or consolidate with or into another entity, dispose of certain property, make restricted payments (including dividends and share repurchases), issue or sell equity interests, engage in different material lines of business, conduct related party transactions, enter into certain burdensome contractual obligations, and use proceeds from our credit facility to purchase or carry margin stock or to extend credit to others for the same purpose. Our U.S. credit facility also requires us to meet certain financial ratios, including a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio. Our ability to comply with the U.S. credit facility may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial, and industry conditions. The breach of any of these covenants or restrictions could result in an event of default under the facility. An event of default under the facility would permit the lenders under the facility to declare all amounts owed under such facility to be immediately due and payable in full. Upon acceleration of our indebtedness, we may be unable to repay the accelerated amount of principal and interest on the credit facilities that would then be due. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Financial Condition-Debt instruments” in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report for additional information. Our business benefits from certain Chinese government incentives. Expiration of, or changes to, these incentives could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. The Chinese government has provided various incentives to technology companies to encourage development of the high-tech industry. We have three manufacturing facilities located in China that were approved for High and New Technology Enterprise (“HNTE”) status for the tax years 2024-2026 and one manufacturing facility approved for the tax years 2025-2027. As a result, we are entitled to a preferential enterprise income tax rate of 15%  and other measures so long as our manufacturing facilities continue to maintain their HNTE status. If we were to no longer meet the HNTE requirements, our statutory tax rate for our approved China facilities would increase to 25% for any period in which an audit shows we were not compliant, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. The Company expects to continue to meet HNTE requirements in future years. HNTE qualification requires, but is not limited to, metrics based on China research and development expenditures as well as research and development headcount and overall college-degreed headcount. Any prior years that have already been approved are subject to audit requirements. 19 We have qualified for tax incentives offered in the Go West Initiative (“Go West”), where companies are entitled to a preferential income tax rate of 15% for doing business in western China. If we were to no longer meet the Go West requirements, our statutory tax rate on applicable income would increase to 25%, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Exclusive of one-time deferred tax charges of $0.9 million and $1.6 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the impact of tax holidays decreased our tax expense by approximately $1.3 million, $1.1 million, and $0.7 million for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. There were no one-time deferred tax charges for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. Exclusive of the deferred tax charges, the benefit of the tax holidays on basic and diluted earnings per share was $0.03, $0.02, and $0.02 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We operate a global business through numerous foreign subsidiaries, and there is a risk that tax authorities will challenge our transfer pricing methodologies or legal entity structures, which could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. We conduct operations worldwide through our foreign subsidiaries and are, therefore, subject to complex transfer pricing regulations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Transfer pricing regulations generally require that, for tax purposes, transactions between related parties be priced on a basis that would be comparable to an arm’s length transaction between unrelated parties. There is uncertainty and inherent subjectivity in complying with these rules. To the extent that any foreign tax authorities disagree with our transfer pricing policies, we could become subject to significant tax liabilities and penalties. Based on our current knowledge and probability assessment of potential outcomes, we believe that we have provided for all tax exposures. However, the ultimate outcome of a tax examination could differ materially from our provisions and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results, and cash flows. Our legal organizational structure could result in unanticipated unfavorable tax or other consequences which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operational results. In some countries, we maintain multiple entities for tax or other purposes. Changes in tax laws, regulations, future jurisdictional profitability of us and our subsidiaries, and related regulatory interpretations in the countries in which we operate may impact the taxes we pay or tax provision we record, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. In addition, any challenges to how our entities are structured or realigned or their business purpose by taxing authorities could result in us becoming subject to significant tax liabilities and penalties which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows. Certain of our employees in the U.K. participate in a company-sponsored defined benefit plan (the “Plan”), which subjects the Company to risks associated with the estimates and assumptions used in calculating expense and funding requirements recorded in the Company’s consolidated financial statements. Inaccuracies or changes in these estimates could require material changes in the expense and funding required. In accounting for the Plan, we are required to make actuarial assumptions that are used to calculate the earning value of the related assets, where applicable, and liabilities and the amount of expenses to be recorded in our consolidated financial statements. Assumptions include, but are not limited to, the expected return on plan assets, discount rates, and mortality rates. While we believe the underlying assumptions are appropriate, the carrying value of the related assets and liabilities and the actual amount of expenses recorded in the consolidated financial statements could differ materially from the assumptions used. The Plan’s obligation to pay pensions is estimated by using actuarial assumptions. To the extent that the Plan’s assets are not sufficient to meet the estimated amount of the Plan’s obligations, further funding of the Plan will be required by the Plan's sponsoring employers, Diodes Zetex Limited and Diodes Zetex Semiconductors Limited, over an agreed upon deficit recovery period. As of December 31, 2025, the benefit obligation of the Plan was approximately $98.6 million and the total assets in the Plan were approximately $97.4 million. Therefore, the Plan was underfunded by approximately $1.2 million. The difference between Plan obligations and assets, or the funded status of the Plan, is a significant factor in determining the net periodic benefit costs of the Plan and the ongoing funding requirements of the Plan. The Plan’s trustees are required to review the funding position every three years. An actuarial valuation was performed as of March 31, 2022, resulting in a deficit of approximately GBP 20 million (approximately $26 million based on a GBP: USD exchange rate of 1:1.3). As a result of this valuation we have agreed to a revised schedule of contributions of GBP 2.0 million (approximately $2.6 million based on a GBP: USD exchange rate of 1:1.3) to be paid annually with effect from January 1, 2023 to address the deficit revealed by the valuation (with the first payment made by December 31, 2023 through December 31, 2028). A final payment of GBP 1.5 million (approximately $2.0 million based on a GBP: USD rate of 1:1.3) will be made by December 31, 2029. These contributions, together with the assumed asset outperformance, are expected to eliminate the deficit by December 31, 2029. The Plan’s trustees appoint fund managers to carry out the day-to-day functions relating to management of the fund and its administration. The fund managers must invest their portion of the Plan’s assets in accordance with their investment manager agreement agreed by the trustees. The trustees are responsible for complying with these investment manager agreements and for deciding on the portion of the Plan’s assets that will be invested with each fund manager. When making decisions, the trustees take advice from experts including the Plan’s actuary and also have the option to consult with the Company. 20 Compliance with government regulations and customer demands regarding the use of “ conflict minerals ” may result in increased costs and may have a negative impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 imposes disclosure requirements regarding the use of certain minerals, which are mined from the Democratic Republic of Congo and adjoining countries, known as conflict minerals. These requirements affect the pricing, sourcing and availability of minerals used in the manufacture of semiconductor devices (including our products). We are incurring additional costs associated with complying with the disclosure requirements, such as costs related to determining the source of any conflict minerals used in our products. Our supply chain is complex, and we may be unable to verify the origins for all metals used in our products. Customers may demand that the products they purchase be free of conflict minerals. Therefore, we may encounter challenges with our customers and stockholders if we are unable to certify that our products are conflict free. This requirement could affect the sourcing and availability of products we purchase from suppliers. This may reduce the number of suppliers that may be able to provide conflict-free products, and may affect our ability to obtain products in sufficient quantities to meet customer demand or at competitive prices. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls or discover material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to report our financial results accurately or detect fraud, which could harm our business and the trading price of our Common Stock. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to produce reliable financial reports and are important in our effort to prevent financial fraud. We are required to periodically evaluate the effectiveness of the design and operation of our internal controls. These evaluations may result in the conclusion that enhancements, modifications, or changes to our internal controls are necessary or desirable. While management evaluates the effectiveness of our internal controls on a regular basis, these controls may not always be effective. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls or if management or our independent registered public accounting firm were to discover material weaknesses in our internal controls, we may be unable to produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, which could harm our financial condition and operating results, and could result in a loss of investor confidence and a decline in our stock price. RISKS RELATED TO OUR INTERNATIONAL OPERATIONS Our international operations subject us to risks that could adversely affect our operations. The majority of our manufacturing facilities are located in China. For the twelve months ended 2025, 2024, and 2023 our Asian and European subsidiaries represented approximately 68%, 72%, and 68%, respectively, of our net sales. There are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including the following, any of which could cause harm to our business: • changes in, or impositions of, legislative or regulatory requirements, including income tax or value added tax laws in the U.S. and in the countries in which we manufacture or sell our products; • compliance with trade or other laws in a variety of jurisdictions; • trade restrictions, transportation delays, work stoppages, and economic and political instability; • changes in import/export regulations, tariffs and freight rates, environmental regulations, and land use rights; • difficulties in collecting receivables and enforcing contracts; • currency exchange rate fluctuations; • restrictions on the transfer of funds from foreign subsidiaries to the U.S.; • the possibility of international conflict, including the ongoing conflict between Ukraine and Russia, and between or among China, the U.K., Germany, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and the U.S.; • legal, regulatory, political, and cultural differences among the countries in which we do business; • longer customer payment terms; and • changes in U.S. or foreign tax regulations. We believe that our operations are in compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory requirements in all material respects. However, changes in the political environment or government policies in those jurisdictions could result in revisions to laws or regulations or their interpretation and enforcement. In addition, a significant destabilization of relations between or among China, the U.K., Germany, Hong Kong, Taiwan, and the U.S. could result in restrictions on our operations or the sale of our products or the forfeiture of our assets in these jurisdictions. In addition to the ongoing issues regarding tariffs, China has been stepping up efforts to design and manufacture semiconductors itself rather than buy from U.S. companies, amid fears that sanctions might cripple its high-tech industry. U.S. restrictions on exports to 21 Chinese telecom equipment makers have sharpened Beijing’s focus on semiconductor self-sufficiency. China’s ministry of finance announced tax breaks “to support the development of integrated circuit design and the software industry,” canceling corporate taxes for some domestic Chinese companies for two years. Although the outcome of these efforts is uncertain, the development of such capacity in China would likely have a material adverse effect on our profitability and results of operations. A slowdown in the Chinese economy could limit the growth in demand for electronic devices containing our products, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and prospects. We believe that an increase in demand in China for electronic devices that include our products will be an important factor in our future growth. Weakness in the Chinese economy could result in a decrease in demand for electronic devices containing our products and, thereby, materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and prospects. Economic regulation in China could materially and adversely affect our business, operating results, and prospects. We have a significant portion of our manufacturing capacity in mainland China. In addition, in 2025 approximately 45% of our total sales were shipped to customers in China. In recent years, the Chinese economy has experienced periods of rapid expansion and wide fluctuations in the rate of inflation. In response to these factors, the Chinese government has, from time to time, adopted measures to regulate growth and contain inflation, including measures designed to restrict credit or control prices. Such actions in the future could increase the cost of doing business in China or decrease the demand for our products in China and, thereby, have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and prospects. We could be adversely affected by violations of the United States’ Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K.’s Bribery Act 2010, China’s anti-corruption campaign, and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws. The United States’ Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”), the United Kingdom’s Bribery Act 2010 (the “U.K. Bribery Act”), China’s anti-corruption campaign, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that may have experienced governmental corruption to some degree and, in certain circumstances, strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. We train our staff concerning FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and related anti-bribery laws. We have established procedures and controls to monitor internal and external compliance. There can be no assurance that our internal controls and procedures will protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents, and we have no third-party attestation to the effectiveness of our internal controls related to fraud and corruption. If we are found to be liable for FCPA, the U.K. Bribery Act, and other anti-bribery law violations (either due to our own acts or inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), we could incur criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results. We are subject to foreign currency risk as a result of our international operations. We face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange rates, principally the Chinese Yuan, the Taiwanese dollar, the Euro, and the British Pound Sterling and, to a lesser extent, the Japanese Yen and the Hong Kong dollar. Our income and expenses are based on a mix of currencies and a decline in one currency relative to the other currencies could adversely affect our operating results. Furthermore, our operating results are reported in U.S. dollars, which is our reporting currency. In the event the U.S. dollar weakens against a foreign currency, we will experience a currency transaction loss, which could adversely affect our operating results. Also, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may have an adverse impact and be increasingly influential to our overall sales, profits and operating results as amounts that are measured in foreign currency are translated back to U.S. dollars for reporting purposes. Our foreign currency risk may change over time as the level of activity in foreign markets grows and could have an adverse impact upon our financial results, especially if the portion of our sales attributable to Europe increases. We have taken, and plan to continue to take, efforts to mitigate some of our foreign currency exposure by entering into foreign exchange hedging agreements with financial institutions to reduce exposures to some of the principal currencies in countries in which we conduct sales, acquire raw materials, build products, and make capital investments, but these efforts may not be successful. In this regard, these hedging agreements do not cover all currencies in which we do business, do not eliminate foreign currency risk entirely for the currencies that they do cover, and involve costs and risks of their own in the form of transaction costs, credit requirements, and counterparty risk. China is experiencing rapid social, political, and economic change, which has increased labor costs and other related costs that could make doing business in China less advantageous than in prior years. Increased labor costs in China could adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Historically, labor in China has been readily available at a lower cost compared to other countries. However, because China is experiencing rapid social, political, and economic change, there can be no assurance that labor will continue to be available in China at costs consistent with historical levels. Any future increase in labor cost in China is likely to be higher than historical and projected amounts and may occur multiple times in any given year. As a result of experiencing such rapid social, political, and economic change, China is also likely to enact new, and/or revise its existing, labor laws and regulations on employee compensation and benefits. These changes in Chinese labor laws and regulations will likely have an adverse effect on product manufacturing costs in China. Furthermore, if China workers go on strike to demand higher wages, our operations could be disrupted. Many of our suppliers are currently dealing with labor shortages in China, which may result in future supply delays and disruptions and may drive a substantial increase in their labor costs that is likely to be shared by us in the form of price increases to us. New or revised government labor laws or regulations, 22 strikes, or labor shortages could cause our product costs to rise and/or could cause manufacturing partners on whom we rely to exit the business. These events could have a material adverse impact on our product availability and quality, which would affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. We may not continue to receive preferential tax treatment in Asia, thereby increasing our income tax expense and reducing our net income. As an incentive for establishing our manufacturing subsidiaries in China, we receive preferential tax treatment. Governmental changes in foreign tax law may cause us not to be able to continue receiving these preferential tax treatments in the future, which may cause an increase in our income tax expense, thereby reducing our net income. The distribution of any earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries may be subject to foreign income taxes, thus reducing our net income. Our undistributed foreign earnings continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations, with limited exceptions related to earnings of European and Asian subsidiaries. Any future distributions of foreign earnings will not be subject to additional U.S. income tax, but may be subject to foreign withholding taxes. As of December 31, 2025, we had undistributed earnings from non-U.S. operations of approximately $1.3 billion (including approximately $112.7 million of restricted earnings, which are not available for dividends). Undistributed earnings of our China subsidiaries comprise $449.6 million of this total. Additional Chinese withholding taxes of approximately $49.2 million would be required should the $449.6 million of such earnings be distributed out of China as dividends. We could be adversely affected by the compromise or theft of our technology, know-how, data, or intellectual property or a requirement that we yield rights in technology, know-how, data stored in foreign jurisdictions, or intellectual property that we use in such foreign jurisdictions. In general, we rely on intellectual property and unfair competition laws and contractual restrictions to protect our technology, know-how, data, and intellectual property in the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. We believe our technology, know-how, data and other intellectual property rights are important to our success. Any unauthorized use of our technology, know-how, data, and other intellectual property rights could harm our competitive advantages and business. For example, some jurisdictions have not protected intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States, and infringement of intellectual property rights continues to pose a serious risk of doing business in such jurisdictions. The measures we take to protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate. Furthermore, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions is uncertain and evolving, and could involve substantial risks to us. Infringement of our patents or required technology or know-how transfers to foreign entities could create competition for us, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our longer-term profitability and success. RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK Variations in our quarterly operating results may cause our stock price to be volatile. We have experienced substantial variations in net sales, gross profit margin, and operating results from quarter to quarter. We believe that the factors that influence this variability of quarterly results include: • strength of the global economy and the stability of the financial markets; • general economic conditions in the countries where we sell our products; • seasonality and variability in the industrial, automotive, computing, communications, and consumer markets; • the timing of our and our competitors’ new product introductions; • product obsolescence; • the scheduling, rescheduling, and cancellation of large orders by our customers; • the cyclical nature of the demand for our customers’ products; • our ability to develop new process technologies and achieve volume production at our fabrication facilities; • changes in manufacturing yields; • adverse movements in exchange rates, interest rates, or tax rates; and • the availability of adequate supply commitments from our outside suppliers or subcontractors. Accordingly, a comparison of our operating results from period to period is not necessarily meaningful to investors and our operating results for any period do not necessarily indicate future performance. Variations in our quarterly results may trigger volatile changes in our stock price. We may enter into future acquisitions and take certain actions in connection with such acquisitions that could adversely affect the price of our Common Stock. 23 As part of our growth strategy, we expect to acquire businesses, products, or technologies in the future. In the event of future acquisitions, we could: • use a significant portion of our available cash; • issue equity securities, which would dilute current stockholders’ percentage ownership; • incur substantial debt; • incur or assume contingent liabilities, known or unknown; • incur amortization expenses related to intangibles; • incur large, immediate accounting write-offs; • incur substantial expense and diversion of management attention, regardless of the success of the acquisition; and • create goodwill and other intangible assets that may require impairment charges in the future. Such actions by us could harm our operating results and adversely affect the price of our Common Stock. Anti-takeover effects of certain provisions of Delaware law and our Certificate of Incorporation, may hinder a take-over attempt . Some provisions of Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation may delay or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by stockholders. Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits certain transactions, including business combinations, between a Delaware corporation and an “interested stockholder” for a period of three years after the date the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. An “interested stockholder” is defined as a person who, together with any affiliates or associates, beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 15.0% or more of the outstanding voting shares of a Delaware corporation. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, up to 1.0 million shares of preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables our Board of Directors to render it more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or otherwise. GENERAL

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, partners, and service providers Every employee is responsible for safety, and Diodes encourages employees to notify their manager of any safety-related concerns. To that end, we require that all applicable federal, state, and local safety requirements are observed. Employee Demographics - We regularly review our workforce demographics and organizational structure to ensure that we have an efficient organization positioned to deliver cost-effective, high-quality products to our customers and to serve the markets in which we operate. Diversity and Inclusion - Diodes respects each individual, welcomes diversity, and embraces different perspectives as a key to innovation. Innovation is one of our core values and we are committed to providing a safe and respectful work environment to ensure we bring out the best in our employees. As of December 31, 2025, Diodes had 7,989 employees. 6,753 of our employees were in Asia, 790 were in Europe, and 446 were in the Americas. None of our employees in Asia or the U.S. are subject to a collective bargaining agreement. In Europe all our employees are covered by individual employment agreements with some collective bargaining agreements in place. We consider our relations with our employees to be satisfactory. See “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners on whom we rely to exit the business. These events could have a material adverse impact on our product availability and quality, which would affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. We may not continue to receive preferential tax treatment in Asia, thereby increasing our income tax expense and reducing our net income. As an incentive for establishing our manufacturing subsidiaries in China, we receive preferential tax treatment. Governmental changes in foreign tax law may cause us not to be able to continue receiving these preferential tax treatments in the future, which may cause an increase in our income tax expense, thereby reducing our net income. The distribution of any earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries may be subject to foreign income taxes, thus reducing our net income. Our undistributed foreign earnings continue to be indefinitely reinvested in foreign operations, with limited exceptions related to earnings of European and Asian subsidiaries. Any future distributions of foreign earnings will not be subject to additional U.S. income tax, but may be subject to foreign withholding taxes. As of December 31, 2025, we had undistributed earnings from non-U.S. operations of approximately $1.3 billion (including approximately $112.7 million of restricted earnings, which are not available for dividends). Undistributed earnings of our China subsidiaries comprise $449.6 million of this total. Additional Chinese withholding taxes of approximately $49.2 million would be required should the $449.6 million of such earnings be distributed out of China as dividends. We could be adversely affected by the compromise or theft of our technology, know-how, data, or intellectual property or a requirement that we yield rights in technology, know-how, data stored in foreign jurisdictions, or intellectual property that we use in such foreign jurisdictions. In general, we rely on intellectual property and unfair competition laws and contractual restrictions to protect our technology, know-how, data, and intellectual property in the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate. We believe our technology, know-how, data and other intellectual property rights are important to our success. Any unauthorized use of our technology, know-how, data, and other intellectual property rights could harm our competitive advantages and business. For example, some jurisdictions have not protected intellectual property rights to the same extent as the United States, and infringement of intellectual property rights continues to pose a serious risk of doing business in such jurisdictions. The measures we take to protect our intellectual property rights may not be adequate. Furthermore, the application of laws governing intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions is uncertain and evolving, and could involve substantial risks to us. Infringement of our patents or required technology or know-how transfers to foreign entities could create competition for us, and such competition could have a material adverse effect on our longer-term profitability and success. RISKS RELATED TO OUR COMMON STOCK Variations in our quarterly operating results may cause our stock price to be volatile. We have experienced substantial variations in net sales, gross profit margin, and operating results from quarter to quarter. We believe that the factors that influence this variability of quarterly results include: • strength of the global economy and the stability of the financial markets; • general economic conditions in the countries where we sell our products; • seasonality and variability in the industrial, automotive, computing, communications, and consumer markets; • the timing of our and our competitors’ new product introductions; • product obsolescence; • the scheduling, rescheduling, and cancellation of large orders by our customers; • the cyclical nature of the demand for our customers’ products; • our ability to develop new process technologies and achieve volume production at our fabrication facilities; • changes in manufacturing yields; • adverse movements in exchange rates, interest rates, or tax rates; and • the availability of adequate supply commitments from our outside suppliers or subcontractors. Accordingly, a comparison of our operating results from period to period is not necessarily meaningful to investors and our operating results for any period do not necessarily indicate future performance. Variations in our quarterly results may trigger volatile changes in our stock price. We may enter into future acquisitions and take certain actions in connection with such acquisitions that could adversely affect the price of our Common Stock. 23 As part of our growth strategy, we expect to acquire businesses, products, or technologies in the future. In the event of future acquisitions, we could: • use a significant portion of our available cash; • issue equity securities, which would dilute current stockholders’ percentage ownership; • incur substantial debt; • incur or assume contingent liabilities, known or unknown; • incur amortization expenses related to intangibles; • incur large, immediate accounting write-offs; • incur substantial expense and diversion of management attention, regardless of the success of the acquisition; and • create goodwill and other intangible assets that may require impairment charges in the future. Such actions by us could harm our operating results and adversely affect the price of our Common Stock. Anti-takeover effects of certain provisions of Delaware law and our Certificate of Incorporation, may hinder a take-over attempt . Some provisions of Delaware law and our certificate of incorporation may delay or prevent a tender offer or takeover attempt, including those attempts that might result in a premium over the market price for the shares held by stockholders. Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law prohibits certain transactions, including business combinations, between a Delaware corporation and an “interested stockholder” for a period of three years after the date the stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. An “interested stockholder” is defined as a person who, together with any affiliates or associates, beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, 15.0% or more of the outstanding voting shares of a Delaware corporation. Our certificate of incorporation authorizes our Board of Directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, up to 1.0 million shares of preferred stock with rights and preferences, including voting rights, designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of preferred stock enables our Board of Directors to render it more difficult or to discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest, or otherwise. GENERAL

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, including silicon wafers, aluminum and copper lead frames, gold and copper wire and other metals, molding compounds, and various chemicals and gases. We also rely on equipment and finished product suppliers. We are continuously evaluating our raw material costs in order to reduce our consumption while protecting and maintaining 6 product performance. We have no material agreements with any of our suppliers that impose minimum or continuing supply obligations. From time to time, suppliers may extend lead-times, limit supplies or increase prices due to capacity constraints or other factors. Although we believe that supplies of the raw materials we use are currently and will continue to be available, shortages could occur in various essential materials due to interruption of supply or increased demand in the industry. See “

