TICKER: DJT
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
Supply Chain Currently the U.S. economy is experiencing a bout of increased inflation, resulting in rising prices. The U.S. Federal Reserve, as well as its counterparts in
      other countries, have engaged in a series of interest rate hikes in an effort to combat rising inflation. Although inflation did not have a significant impact on our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, we
      anticipate that inflation will have an impact on our business going forward, including through a material increase in our cost of revenue and operating expenses in the coming years, if not permanently. Continued or permanent rises in core costs could
      impact our growth negatively. Current Economic Conditions We are subject to risks and uncertainties caused by events with significant macroeconomic impacts, including, but not limited to, health outbreaks such as the
      COVID-19 pandemic, geo-political risks such as the Russian invasion of Ukraine, and actions taken to counter inflation. Supply chain constraints, labor shortages, inflation, and rising interest rates and reduced consumer confidence have caused
      advertisers in a variety of industries to be cautious in their spending and to either pause or slow their campaigns. 91 Table






















          of Contents In order to manage our cost structure in light of the current macroeconomic environment and pending TMTG’s access to additional capital via the Initial Business Combination, we sought
      opportunities to reduce our expense growth. Following the elimination of several positions in March 2023, we paused hiring in the second quarter of 2023. We were subsequently more selective about the roles that we filled, resulting in some attrition.
      We also reduced non-labor spend in areas such as travel, rent, consulting fees, and professional services. The extent of the ongoing impact of these macroeconomic events on our business and on global economic activity is uncertain and may continue to adversely affect our business,
      operations and financial results. Our past results may not be indicative of our future performance, and historical trends in revenue, income (loss) from operations, net income (loss), and net income (loss) per share may differ materially. President Donald J. Trump TMTG’s success depends in part on the popularity of our brand and the reputation and popularity of President Donald J. Trump. The value of TMTG’s brand may diminish if the popularity
      of President Donald J. Trump were to suffer. Adverse reactions to publicity relating to President Donald J. Trump, or the loss of his services, could adversely affect TMTG’s revenues, results of operations and its ability to maintain or generate a
      consumer base. President Donald J. Trump is involved in numerous lawsuits and other matters that could damage his reputation. Additionally, TMTG’s business plan relies on President Donald J. Trump bringing his former social media followers to TMTG’s
      platform. In the event any of these, or other events, cause his followers to lose interest in his messages, the number of users of our platform could decline or not grow as we have assumed. To the extent users prefer a platform that is not associated
      with President Donald J. Trump, TMTG’s ability to attract users may decrease. Growth in User Base We currently rely on the sale of advertising services for a majority of our revenue. If we experience a decline in the number of users or a decline in user engagement, including as a
      result of the loss of high-profile individuals and entities who generate content on Truth Social, advertisers may not view Truth Social as attractive for their marketing expenditures, and may reduce their spending with us, which would harm our
      business and operating results. Truth Social is being developed as a global platform for public self-expression and conversation in real time and our business depends on continued and unimpeded access to Truth
      Social on the internet by our users and advertisers. We face strong competition to attract and engage users, including other social media platforms that focus on the same audience that Truth Social focuses on, competitors that develop products,
      features, or services that are similar to ours or that achieve greater market acceptance, companies which have greater financial resources and substantially larger user bases, which offer a variety of internet and mobile device-based products,
      services and content. The growth of our user base depends upon many factors both within and beyond our control, including the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance and reliability of our
      products and services compared to those of our competitors; the amount, quality and timeliness of content generated by our users; the frequency and relative prominence of the ads displayed by us or our competitors; the safety and security of Truth
      Social; and whether there is improper access to or disclosure of our users’ information, which could harm our reputation. Prior to the Closing, Private TMTG relied primarily on bridge financing, in the form of convertible promissory notes, to build the Truth Social platform. TMTG intends to use the funds
      available as a result of the Initial Business Combination to catalyze growth, including through strategic investments in marketing, advertising sales, and new technologies as described above, while continuing to prioritize feature development and
      user experience. Private TMTG has historically incurred operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities. For the reasons described below, TMTG may continue to incur operating losses and negative cash flows from operating activities
      for the foreseeable future, as it works to expand its user base, attracting more platform partners and advertisers. 92 Table






















            of Contents Attract, Retain and Motivate Talented Employees Our results of operations rely on the leadership and experience of our relatively small number of key executive management personnel, and the loss of key personnel or the inability of
      replacements to quickly and successfully perform in their new roles could adversely affect our business. We have experienced management departures and may continue to experience management departures. Any significant diversion of management attention
      away from ongoing business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The loss of the services of these key
      employees or our executive management members could have a material adverse effect on our business and prospects, as we may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace such personnel on a timely basis or without incurring increased costs. Furthermore, although the risk is somewhat mitigated by the non-competition agreements signed by certain key employees in connection with the closing of the Initial Business
      Combination, if we lose or terminate the services of one or more of our key employees or if one or more of our current or former executives or key employees joins a competitor or otherwise competes with us, it could impair our business and our
      ability to successfully implement our business plan. Additionally, if we are unable to hire qualified replacements for our executive and other key positions in a timely fashion, our ability to execute our business plan would be harmed. Even if we can
      quickly hire qualified replacements, we could experience operational disruptions and inefficiencies during any such transition. We believe that our future success will depend on our continued ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified
      personnel. In addition, many of our key technologies and systems will be custom-made for our business by our personnel. The loss of key engineering, product development, marketing and sales personnel could disrupt our operations and have an adverse
      effect on our business. Expansion into New Geographic Markets We plan to continue expanding our business operations by offering our products around the globe, and Truth Social is generally available internationally. As a result, we have entered
      new international markets where we have limited or no experience in marketing, selling, and deploying our products and may be subject to increased business and economic risks. We may not be able to monetize our products and services internationally
      as a result of competition, advertiser demand, differences in the digital advertising market and digital advertising conventions, as well as differences in the way that users in different countries access or utilize our products and services.
      Differences in the competitive landscape in international markets may impact our ability to monetize our products and services. It is possible that governments of one or more countries may seek to censor content available on Truth Social in their
      country or impose other restrictions that may affect the accessibility of Truth Social in their country for an extended period of time or indefinitely. In addition, governments in other countries may seek to restrict access to Truth Social from their country entirely if they consider us to be in violation of their laws. In the event
      that access to Truth Social is restricted, in whole or in part, in one or more countries or our competitors are able to successfully penetrate geographic markets that we cannot access, our ability to retain or increase our user base and user
      engagement may be adversely affected, we may not be able to maintain or grow our revenue as anticipated, and our financial results could be adversely affected. We may be subject to greater risks than typical social media platforms because of the
      focus of our offerings and the involvement of President Donald J. Trump. If we fail to deploy or manage our operations in international markets successfully, our business may suffer. Key Operating Metrics From its inception through the Closing, Private TMTG focused on developing Truth Social by enhancing features and user interface rather than relying on traditional performance metrics
      like average revenue per user, ad impressions and pricing, or active user accounts, including monthly and daily active users. While many industry peers may gather and report on these or similar metrics, given the early development stage of the Truth
      Social platform, TMTG’s management team has not relied on any particular key performance metric to make business or operating decisions. TMTG believes that this evaluation is critical and in line with its commitment to implement a robust business
      plan that may involve introducing innovative features and potentially incorporating new technologies. At this juncture in its development, TMTG believes that adhering to traditional key performance indicators, such as signups, average revenue per
      user, ad impressions and pricing, or active user accounts including monthly and daily active users, could potentially divert its focus from strategic evaluation with respect to the progress and growth of its business. TMTG believes that focusing on
      these key performance indicators might not align with the best interests of TMTG or its stockholders, as it could lead to short-term decision-making at the expense of long-term innovation and value creation. Therefore, TMTG believes that this
      strategic evaluation is critical and aligns with its commitment to a robust business plan that includes introducing innovative features and new technologies. 93 Table






















            of Contents In connection with such an evaluation, and consistent with SEC guidance, TMTG will consider the relevant key performance indicators for its then-current business operations and
      determine whether it has effective controls and procedures in place to process information related to the disclosure of key performance indicators and metrics. Should this be the case, TMTG may decide to collect and report such metrics if they are
      deemed to significantly enhance investors’ understanding of TMTG’s financial condition, cash flows, and other aspects of its financial performance. However, TMTG may find it challenging or cost-prohibitive to implement such effective controls and
      procedures and may never collect, monitor, or report any or certain key operating metrics. As the platform evolves and new technologies and features are added, TMTG’s management team expects to reevaluate whether TMTG will gather and monitor one or
      more metrics and rely on such information in making management decisions. If TMTG determines to do so, TMTG expects to present such material key operating metrics appropriately in its periodic reports to enhance investors’ understanding of its
      financial condition, cash flows, and any other changes in financial condition and results of operations. Components of Results of Operations Revenue As of the period ended December 31, 2025, all revenue has been derived from the advertising of products and services on the Truth Social platform and subscriptions to Truth+, our
      Media segment. Advertising revenue is generated by displaying advertisements as posts (attributable to “Truth Ads”) in users’ Truth Social feeds. Subscription revenue is generated from subscription to the Patriot Package on Truth+. On August 19, 2022, TMTG entered into an Advertising Publisher Agreement (“Rumble Agreement”) with Rumble USA, Inc. (“Rumble”), pursuant to which Rumble was engaged to sell
      advertising space for the placement of advertisements on Truth Social by making Truth Social Ad units (“Ad Unit” or “Ad Units”) available for advertisers on an advertising manager service maintained by Rumble. TMTG and Rumble executed a minimum
      guarantee advertising publisher agreement on October 30, 2023 (the “Minimum Guarantee Rumble Agreement”), which replaced the Rumble Agreement. While TMTG determines the number of Ad Units available on our Truth Social platform, the prices for the Ad
      Units are set by an auction operated and managed by Rumble. Under the current agreement, 70% of the total aggregate gross revenues from the sale of Ad Units are allocated to TMTG, and the Ad Units will comprise at least 85% of the aggregate number of
      paid advertisements directly into Truth Social feeds by TMTG each month. We recognize advertising revenue during the period in which we satisfy our performance obligation by displaying advertisements in users’ Truth Social feeds. We reimburse Rumble
      for the direct out-of-pocket costs incurred by Rumble in the performance of the service covered by the Rumble Agreement, including processing fees and chargebacks/refunds paid to advertisers in relation to an Ad Unit. The Rumble Agreement grants to Rumble a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use any and all trademarks, service marks, trade names, symbols, logos and other branding
      identifiers of TMTG and Truth Social solely for purposes of performing the services covered by the Rumble Agreement, provided, however, that such license does not include permission to alter, modify, edit, denigrate, or distort Donald J. Trump’s
      name, photograph, likeness (including caricature), voice, and biographical information, or any reproduction or simulation thereof. For a description of TMTG’s revenue recognition policies, see Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies and Practices, in TMTG’s consolidated financial statements as of and for the
      years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 included in this Annual Report. Cost of Revenue Cost of revenue primarily encompasses expenses associated with generating advertising revenue, direct costs associated with the acquisition and licensing of content, and streaming
      delivery costs of our CDN, excluding depreciation and amortization expense. 94 Table






















            of Contents TMTG expects cost of revenue to increase significantly in the foreseeable future as it expands its Truth Social and Truth+ platforms. Such increases will likely include investment in
      infrastructure and other direct costs such as revenue share expenses, allocated facility costs, traffic acquisition costs (“TAC”) and content. Infrastructure costs allocated may include data center costs related to TMTG’s co-located facilities, lease and hosting costs, related support and maintenance costs and energy and
      bandwidth costs, public cloud hosting costs; and personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation, for our operations teams. TAC costs may include costs TMTG incurs with third parties in connection with the sale to advertisers of its advertising products that it places on third-party publishers’ websites
      and applications or other offerings collectively resulting from acquisitions. Content costs may include licensing costs from third-parties in connection with subscriptions to the Patriot Package, which is in the form of a fixed or per subscriber fee. General and Administration Expenses General and administration expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation for TMTG’s executive, finance, legal,
      information technology, human resources and other administration employees. In addition, general and administration expenses include fees and costs for professional services, including consulting, third-party legal and accounting services and
      facilities costs and other supporting overhead costs that are not allocated to other departments. We also expect to incur additional expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including expenses necessary to comply with rules and regulations applicable to companies
      listed on a national securities exchange and related to compliance and reporting obligations pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Sales and Marketing Expenses Sales and marketing expenses consist of personnel-related costs, including salaries, commissions, benefits and stock-based compensation, for our employees engaged in sales, sales
      support, business development and media, marketing, corporate communications and customer service functions. In addition, marketing and sales-related expenses also include advertising costs, market research, trade shows, branding, marketing, public
      relations costs, allocated facilities costs, and other supporting overhead costs. Research and Development Expenses Research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation, for TMTG’s Chief Technology Officer,
      engineers and other employees engaged in the research and development of its products and services. In addition, research and development expenses include allocated facilities costs and other supporting overhead costs. Depreciation and Amortization Expense Depreciation expense consists primarily of depreciation of computer software and computer equipment. Amortization expense consists of amortization of intangible assets. Realized and Unrealized Loss, Net, on Digital Assets and Digital Assets Pledged Realized and unrealized loss, net, on digital assets and digital assets pledged consists of the increase or decrease in the fair value of our bitcoin and Cronos holdings and bitcoin
      pledged as collateral pursuant to hedges each reporting period. 95 Table






















            of Contents Non-Operating Income and Other Items Change in Fair Value of Derivative Liabilities TMTG determined the automatic discounted share-settlement feature of its convertible promissory notes was an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation accounting as (1) the feature
      was not clearly and closely related to the debt host and (2) the feature met the definition of a derivative under ASC 815 (Derivatives and Hedging). The bifurcated embedded features of the Private TMTG Convertible Notes were initially recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value on the date of issuance. After the initial
      recognition, the fair value of the embedded derivative feature changed over time due to changes in market conditions. The change in fair market value has been included in the statement of operations through the date the debt was converted. Interest Expense Interest expense consists of accreted interest expense on TMTG’s outstanding convertible note obligations and assumed debt from the WCT acquisition, amortization of deferred financing
      costs, other related financing expenses and the post-merger interest expense related to DWAC’s Note Purchase Agreements. The convertible promissory notes (net of any related debt issuance costs) accreted interest using the respective effective
      interest rate method until the debt was extinguished. Interest Income Interest income consists of interest earned from banking institutions, through repurchase agreements, and a convertible note receivable. Investment Income/(Loss) Investment income/(loss) consists of realized and unrealized gains and losses from our equity securities, premiums earned from writing covered put and call options on digital asset
      related securities, realized gains or losses from purchased options, the change in fair value of unexpired option contracts, and other non-operating components of income and expense. Income Tax Expense TMTG is subject to income taxes in the United States. The Company maintains a net operating loss (“NOL”) position but has not recognized a benefit in future years. Deferred income
      taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. A valuation allowance is provided when it is more likely
      than not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. TMTG has established a full valuation allowance to offset its U.S. net deferred tax assets due to the uncertainty of realizing future tax benefits from our NOL carryforwards and other
      deferred tax assets. The utilization of the net operating losses prior to the Merger may be limited as per IRC Section 382. Results of Operations The results of operations presented below should be reviewed in conjunction with TMTG’s consolidated financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024,
      together with the related notes thereto, included elsewhere in this Annual Report. This section includes a comparison of certain 2025 financial results to the same information for 2024. Discussion of 2024 results compared to 2023 results to the extent not included
      in this report can be found in Item 7 of our 2024 Annual Report. 96 Table






















            of Contents Comparison of the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. The following table sets forth our consolidated statements of operations for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the dollar and percentage change between the two periods: (in thousands) For the year-ended December 31, 2025 For the year-ended December 31, 2024 Variance, $ Variance, % Revenue $ 3,682.6 $ 3,618.8 $ 63.8 2 % Operating costs and expenses: Cost of revenue 1,675.2 619.0 1,056.2 171 % Research and development 42,773.8 49,104.3 (6,330.5 ) (13 %) Sales and marketing 2,500.0 6,383.7 (3,883.7 ) (61 %) General and administration 119,133.4 130,616.8 (11,483.4 ) (9 %) Realized and unrealized loss, net, digital assets and digital assets pledged 403,222.6 - 403,222.6 100 % Depreciation and amortization 7,421.3 2,933.9 4,487.4 153 % Total operating costs and expenses 576,726.3 189,657.7 387,068.6 204 % Loss from operations (573,043.7 ) (186,038.9 ) (387,004.8 ) 208 % Other income/(expense): Interest income 46,561.3 14,722.2 31,839.1 216 % Interest expense (27,348.4 ) (3,089.8 ) (24,258.6 ) 785 % Investment loss (182,956.0 ) - (182,956.0 ) (100 %) Litigation settlement 25,006.7 - 25,006.7 100 % Change in fair value of derivative liabilities - (225,916.0 ) 225,916.0 100 % Loss on the conversion of convertible debt - (542.3 ) 542.3 100 % Loss from operations before income taxes $ (711,780.1 ) $ (400,864.8 ) (310,915.3 ) 78 % Revenues Revenues increased $63.8 to $3,682.6 for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to revenue of $3,618.8 for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was attributable to
      subscriptions to the Patriot Package offered as part of our beta launch of Truth+, partially offset by a slight decrease in advertising revenue on our Truth Social platform. Cost of revenue Cost of revenue increased $1,056.2 to $1,675.2 for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to $619.0 for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily due to content
      licenses and data center lease costs that support our burgeoning Truth+ platform. Research and development expense Research and development expense decreased $6,330.5 to $42,773.8 for the year ended December 31, 2025 compared to $49,104.3 for the year ended December 31, 2024. The decrease was
      primarily driven by lower stock-based compensation expense of $21,957.0 for the year-ended December 31, 2025 compared to $30,142.5 for the prior-year ended. The 2024 charge related to the issuance of convertible notes to certain

--- VENDORS ---
vendors to participate in the Truth ecosystem’s development, and any additional costs and
    expenses that may exceed current estimates. TMTG expects to incur significant losses into the foreseeable future. TMTG recognizes that if the effectiveness of its business plan is not forthcoming it will not be able to continue business operations.
    There is limited operating history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that TMTG will prove successful, and TMTG may never generate sufficient operating revenues to achieve profitable operations. If TMTG is unsuccessful in addressing
    these risks, its business, prospects and operations may be adversely affected, and its business may likely fail. TMTG’s actual financial position and results of operations may differ materially from the expectations of TMTG’s Management Team. TMTG’s actual financial position and results of operations may differ materially from management’s expectations. As a result, TMTG’s revenue, net income and cash flow may differ
    materially from TMTG’s expected revenue, net income and cash flow. The process for estimating TMTG’s revenue, net income and cash flow requires the use of judgment in determining the appropriate assumptions and estimates. These estimates and
    assumptions may be revised as additional information becomes available and as additional analyses are performed. TMTG does not currently, and may never, collect, monitor and/or report certain key operating metrics used by companies in similar industries. Prior to the closing of the Initial Business Combination, Private TMTG focused on developing Truth Social by enhancing features and user interface rather than relying on
    traditional performance metrics like average revenue per user, ad impressions and pricing, or active user accounts, including monthly and daily active users. While many industry peers may report on these or similar metrics, given the early development
    stage of Truth Social, TMTG’s management and board does not rely on, and does not anticipate relying on, any particular key performance metric to make business or operating decisions. TMTG will continue actively evaluating the most relevant, reliable
    and appropriate key operating metrics (if any) that align with its evolving business model. At this juncture in its development, TMTG believes that adhering to traditional key performance indicators (“KPI s ”),
    such as signups, average revenue per user, ad impressions and pricing, or active user accounts including monthly and daily active users, could potentially divert its focus from strategic evaluation with respect to the progress and growth of its
    business. TMTG believes that focusing on these KPIs might not align with the best interests of TMTG or its stockholders, as it could lead to short-term decision-making at the expense of long-term innovation and value creation. Therefore, TMTG believes
    that this strategic evaluation is critical and aligns with its commitment to a robust business plan that includes introducing innovative features, new products, new technologies. In connection with such evaluation, and consistent with SEC guidance, TMTG will consider whether it has effective controls and procedures in place to process information related to
    the disclosure of key performance indicators and metrics to ensure consistency as well as accuracy period over period, or the feasibility of implementing any such controls and procedures. If so, TMTG may decide to collect and report such metrics if
    they are deemed to significantly enhance investors’ understanding of TMTG’s financial condition, cash flows, and other aspects of its financial performance. However, TMTG may find it difficult or resource-prohibitive to implement such effective
    controls and procedures and may never collect, monitor or report any or certain key operating metrics, which is likely to make it difficult for stockholders in TMTG to evaluate and compare TMTG’s performance to that of companies in similar industries. 25 Table






















          of Contents If the use of third-party cookies or other tracking technology is restricted by third parties outside of TMTG’s control, rejected by TMTG’s users, or otherwise
    subject to unfavorable regulation, TMTG’s ability to tailor, improve and provide a consistent experience to TMTG users would be negatively impacted, which could materially and adversely affect TMTG’s growth prospects and financial performance. Third-party cookies and other tracking technologies have been a fundamental part of the web for nearly three decades, aiding platforms in generating relevant ads, among other
    functions. TMTG’s products and service offerings such as the Truth Social Platform and Truth+ are still in an early development stage, however, as other similar companies in the space, TMTG expects to generate substantial revenue from advertisements.
    Accordingly, TMTG’s ability to use third-party cookies to provide advertising companies relevant data for their advertisements is critical to its revenue generation potential. However, with increasing restrictions on third party cookies, TMTG may lose
    the ability to track user behavior across its platform, which could negatively affect its ability to retain advertisers on its platform and effectively advertise their services. TMTG, its service providers and business partners use tracking technologies, including cookies, device identifiers, and related technologies, to help TMTG manage and track users’
    interactions with TMTG platforms, services, websites and content, and deliver relevant advertising and personalized content. Further, TMTG’s use of cookies aids its development and ability to improve its services in response to user preferences and to
    provide its users with relevant offers from advertisers. Recently, web and mobile browser developers, such as Apple, Microsoft or Google, have implemented and may continue to implement changes, including requiring additional user permissions, in their
    browsers or device operating systems that impair TMTG’s ability to track cookies and improve the effectiveness of advertising on its platform. Such changes include limiting the use of first-party and third-party cookies and related tracking
    technologies, such as mobile advertising identifiers, and other changes that limit TMTG’s ability to collect information that allows it to attribute members’ actions on advertisers’ websites to the effectiveness of advertising campaigns run on the
    platform. For example, Apple launched its Intelligent Tracking Prevention (“ITP”) feature in its Safari browser. ITP blocks some or all third-party cookies by default on mobile and desktop and ITP has become increasingly restrictive over time and,
    Google previously proposed phasing out third-party cookies in its Chrome browser. These and other web and mobile browser developers have also implemented and may continue to implement changes and restrictions in browser or device functionality that
    limit TMTG’s ability to communicate with or understand its business and users. As such, the implementation of these changes could significantly impair TMTG’s ability to tailor, improve and provide a consistent experience to its users, which in turn
    could materially and adversely affect its growth prospects and financial performance. In addition, federal, state and international governmental authorities continue to evaluate the privacy implications inherent in the use of proprietary or third-party cookies and
    other methods of online tracking for behavioral advertising and other purposes. U.S. and foreign governments have enacted, have considered or are considering legislation or regulations that could significantly restrict the ability of companies and
    individuals to engage in these activities, such as by regulating the level of consumer notice and consent required before a company can employ cookies or other electronic tracking tools or the use of data gathered with such tools. The regulation of the
    use of cookies and other current online tracking and advertising practices or a loss in TMTG’s ability to make effective use of services that employ such technologies could increase its costs of operations and limit its ability to acquire new customers
    on cost-effective terms and consequently, materially adversely affect its business, financial condition and operating results. If Truth Social or Truth+ fails to develop and maintain followers or a sufficient audience, or if adverse trends develop for social media platforms or streaming
    services generally, TMTG’s business would be adversely affected. Social media platforms and streaming services are speculative businesses because revenues and income derived from them depend primarily upon the continued acceptance of that platform. Public acceptance
    of a particular platform depends upon, among other things, the ease of use of the platform, promotion of that platform, and the quality and acceptance of competing platforms. A user decline could make it economically inefficient to continue providing
    for the use of the platform. If the customer base were to not adopt Truth Social or Truth+, or cease using these platforms, such developments could result in a write-down of TMTG’s capitalized development costs and adversely affect TMTG’s business
    prospects. The amount of any write-down would vary depending on a number of factors, including when the product or service ceased. 26 Table






















          of Contents TMTG has placed emphasis on building a platform for all Americans to freely express themselves through Truth Social. Failure to realize this vision, or if First
    Amendment speech is no longer believed to be suppressed by other similar platforms, could adversely affect TMTG’s brand and business prospects. TMTG aspires to build a media and technology powerhouse to rival the liberal media consortium and promote free expression. TMTG was founded to fight back against the Big Tech
    companies-Meta (Facebook, Instagram, and Threads), X (formerly Twitter), Netflix, Alphabet (Google), Amazon and others-that it believes have colluded to curtail debate in America and censor voices that contradict “woke” ideology. TMTG aims to safeguard
    public debate and open dialogue, and to provide a platform for all users to freely express themselves. Truth Social is designed to a global platform for public self-expression and conversation in real time, and the market for Truth Social is relatively new and may not develop as
    expected. People who are not Truth Social users may not understand the value of Truth Social. Convincing potential new users, especially users who oppose Big Tech censorship, of the value of Truth Social is critical to increasing TMTG’s user base and
    to the success of TMTG’s business. In addition, other social media platforms, including those that previously engaged in widespread censorship, could embrace free speech and target the same audience as Truth Social.
    For example, as a private company under new ownership, X may demonstrate a sustained commitment to free speech principles that will heighten competition for users who prioritize such principles. Failure to attract and retain a sufficient user base as a
    result of such competition could adversely affect TMTG’s business prospects. Truth Social has implemented what TMTG believes to be a robust, fair, and viewpoint-neutral content moderation system to prevent illegal and other prohibited
    content from contaminating its platform. There is a risk that TMTG’s moderation practices will be criticized as inconsistent with its promotion of free-speech principles, which may negatively impact TMTG’s ability to attract and retain a sufficient
    user, which could adversely affect TMTG’s business prospectus. To foster a flourishing digital public forum, TMTG seeks to prevent illegal and other prohibited content from contaminating its platform. In accordance with Truth Social’s terms of
    service, illegal and prohibited content includes, but is not limited to, depictions or threats of violence, harassment, incitement of or threats of physical harm. Using human moderators and an artificial intelligence vendor known as HIVE, Truth Social
    has developed what TMTG believes is a robust, fair, and viewpoint-neutral moderation system and that its moderation practices are consistent with, and indeed help facilitate, TMTG’s objective of maintaining “a public, real-time platform where any user
    can create content, follow other users, and engage in an open and honest global conversation without fear of being censored or cancelled due to their political viewpoints.” However, there is a risk that TMTG’s moderation practices will be criticized as
    inconsistent with its promotion of free-speech principles, which may negatively impact TMTG’s ability to attract and retain a sufficient user, which could adversely affect TMTG’s business prospects. If TMTG’s users do not continue to contribute content or their contributions are not valuable to other users, TMTG may experience a decline in the number of
    users accessing its products and services and user engagement, which could result in the loss of advertisers and revenue. TMTG’s success depends on its ability to provide users with products, which in turn for Truth Social and Truth+ depends on the content contributed by TMTG’s users. TMTG believes
    that one of the Truth ecosystem’s competitive advantages will be the quality, quantity and real-time nature of the content on the ecosystem, and that access to unique or real-time content is one of the main reasons users may visit Truth Social and
    utilize Truth+. TMTG seeks to foster a broad and engaged user community, and TMTG intends to encourage high-profile individuals and entities to use TMTG’s products and services to freely express their views to broad audiences without the fear of being
    censored or cancelled for any unpopular or non-woke opinions. TMTG may also encourage media outlets to use its products and services to distribute their content. If users, including influential users, do not contribute content to the Truth ecosystem,
    and it is unable to provide users with valuable and timely content, TMTG’s user base and user engagement may decline. Additionally, if TMTG is not able to address user concerns regarding the safety and security of the Truth ecosystem or if TMTG is
    unable to successfully prevent abusive or other hostile behavior on the Truth ecosystem, the size of the Truth ecosystem user base and user engagement may decline. TMTG may rely on the sale of advertising services for the substantial majority of TMTG’s
    revenue. If TMTG experiences a decline in the number of users or a decline in user engagement, including as a result of the loss of high-profile individuals and entities who generate content on the Truth ecosystem, advertisers may not view the Truth
    ecosystem as attractive for their marketing expenditures, and may reduce their spending with TMTG-which would harm TMTG’s business and operating results. 27 Table






















          of Contents The success of Truth+ will depend on its ability to provide consumers with content and its ability to attract and retain channels and content creators. TMTG plans for Truth+ include partnering with channels and other sources of content. TMTG may not be successful in attracting channels or acquiring content. Additionally, channels
    or other sources of content may terminate their relationship with TMTG. If TMTG’s plans for Truth+, including with respect to content, do not come into fruition, TMTG’s business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely
    affected. TMTG’s focus on product innovation and user engagement rather than short-term operating results may adversely affect TMTG’s revenues. TMTG is committed to quickly developing and launching new and innovative products features. TMTG intends to focus on improving the user experience for Truth Social and on
    developing new and improved products and services including Truth+ and Truth.Fi. TMTG intends to prioritize innovation and the experience for users over short-term operating results. TMTG may frequently make product and service decisions that may
    reduce TMTG’s revenues if it believes that the decisions are consistent with its goals to improve the user experience and performance, which it believes will improve its operating results over the long term. These intended decisions may not be
    consistent with the short-term expectations of investors and may not produce the long-term benefits that TMTG expects, in which case Truth Social and Truth+ user growth and user engagement, its relationships with advertisers and its business and
    operating results could be harmed. The Truth ecosystem’s user growth and engagement on mobile devices depend upon effective operation with mobile operating systems, networks, and standards that
    TMTG does not control. TMTG intends to make its products and services available across a variety of operating systems and through websites. TMTG will be dependent on the interoperability of the Truth
    ecosystem with popular devices, desktop and mobile operating systems, web browsers and TVs that TMTG does not control. Any changes in such systems, devices, web browsers, or TVs that degrade the functionality of TMTG’s products and services or give
    preferential treatment to competitive products or services could adversely affect usage of TMTG’s products and services. Further, if the number of platforms for which TMTG develops its product expands, it will result in an increase in TMTG’s operating
    expenses. In order to deliver high-quality products and services, it is important that TMTG’s products and services work well with a range of operating systems, networks, devices, web browsers and TVs that TMTG does not control. In addition, because a
    majority of TMTG’s future users may access TMTG’s products and services through mobile devices, TMTG is particularly dependent on the interoperability of its products and services with mobile devices and operating systems. TMTG may not be successful in
    developing relationships with key participants in the mobile industry or in developing products or services that operate effectively with these operating systems, networks, devices, web browsers and TVs. In the event that it is difficult for TMTG’s
    users to access and use TMTG’s products and services, particularly on their mobile devices, TMTG’s user growth and engagement could be harmed, and its business and operating results could be adversely affected. TMTG may not be successful in its efforts to grow and monetize the Truth ecosystem. TMTG may not be successful in building products that maintain user engagement. If TMTG is not successful in its efforts to grow the Truth ecosystem and monetize such growth, TMTG’s
    user growth and user engagement and TMTG’s financial results may be adversely affected. TMTG may need additional capital, and TMTG cannot be sure that additional financing will be available. TMTG has financed its operations principally through the Initial Business Combination with DWAC, convertible loans, and the sale of TMTG common stock. Substantially all of the
    convertible notes converted into TMTG common stock upon consummation of the Initial Business Combination, and the remaining convertible notes converted into TMTG common stock upon registration of its underlying shares. As of December 31, 2025, TMTG has
    approximately $2,473.1 million of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investments, equity securities, convertible note receivable, digital assets, and digital assets pledged, and $947.1 million of debt (excluding lease liabilities).
    Although TMTG currently anticipates that the proceeds from the Initial Business Combination, the shares issued to Yorkville under the SEPA, and the exercise of TMTG warrants, together with TMTG’s available funds and cash flow from operations, are
    sufficient to meet TMTG’s cash needs for the foreseeable future, TMTG may require substantial additional financing at various intervals in order to continue to develop and promote Truth Social, Truth+, and Truth.Fi, and additional
    products/acquisitions. Such financing may be required for operating expenses including intellectual property protection and enforcement, for pursuit of regulatory approvals, and for commercialization of Truth Social, Truth+, and Truth.Fi, and future
    products. 28 Table






















          of Contents TMTG’s ability to obtain financing will depend, among other things, on TMTG’s development efforts, business plans, operating performance and condition of the capital markets at the
    time TMTG seeks financing. TMTG may, from time to time, explore additional financing sources to lower its cost of capital, which could include equity, equity-linked and debt financing. In addition, TMTG is, and will continue from time to time,
    evaluating certain acquisitions and other strategic opportunities. If TMTG is able to agree on the terms of such investments and TMTG therefore elects to pursue any such investments, TMTG may fund them with internally generated funds, bank financing,
    the issuance of other debt or equity or a combination thereof. Certain financial-industry service providers have expressed, or may be reasonably expected to express, an unwillingness or reluctance to work on TMTG’s products or provide services due to
    TMTG’s connection with President Donald J. Trump. Similarly, to the extent TMTG needs to raise additional capital, TMTG will need to engage with investment bankers and investors, and it is possible that some will not want to engage with TMTG for
    similar reasons. Hostility from financial institutions could adversely affect TMTG’s ability to obtain banking services, including additional financing on reasonable terms when required, or at all, which could adversely affect TMTG’s business and
    financial results. TMTG can provide no assurance that additional funding will be available on a timely basis, on terms acceptable to TMTG, or at all. In the event that TMTG is unable to obtain such
    financing, it may not be able to fully develop and commercialize Truth Social, Truth+, and Truth.Fi. If TMTG becomes unable to obtain additional capital when and as needed, it may have to liquidate its assets and the value TMTG receives for its assets
    in liquidation or dissolution could be significantly lower than the values reflected in TMTG’s financial statements. If TMTG raises additional funds through the issuance of equity, equity-linked or debt securities, those securities may have rights, preferences, or privileges senior to the rights
    of TMTG common stock, and the existing stockholders may experience dilution. In addition, there is no assurance that the holders of the TMTG warrants will elect to exercise any or all of the warrants, and approximately 11 million warrants remained
    unexercised as of February 25, 2026. If TMTG warrants are not exercised, or are exercised on a “cashless basis,” the amount of cash TMTG would receive from the exercise of the warrants will decrease. TMTG’s estimates of market opportunity and forecasts of market growth may prove to be inaccurate. Market opportunity estimates and growth forecasts, whether obtained from third-party sources or developed internally, are subject to significant uncertainty and are based on
    assumptions and estimates that may prove to be inaccurate. Any estimates and forecasts relating to the size and expected growth of the target market and market demand which may inform TMTG’s financial model may also prove to be inaccurate. TMTG’s business depends on continued and unimpeded access to the internet by TMTG’s users and advertisers. If TMTG’s users experience disruptions in internet
    service or if internet service providers are able to block, degrade or charge for access to TMTG’s products and services, TMTG could incur additional expenses and the loss of users and advertisers. TMTG depends on the ability of TMTG’s users and advertisers to access the internet. This access will be provided by companies-including hostile legacy technology companies-that
    have significant market power in the broadband and internet access marketplace, including incumbent telephone companies, cable companies, mobile communications companies, government-owned service providers, device manufacturers and operating system
    providers, any of whom could take actions that degrade, disrupt or increase the cost of user access to TMTG’s products or services, which would, in turn, negatively impact TMTG’s business. The adoption of any laws or regulations that adversely affect
    the growth, popularity or use of the internet, including laws or practices limiting internet neutrality, could decrease the demand for, or the usage of, TMTG’s products and services, increase TMTG’s cost of doing business and adversely affect TMTG’s
    operating results. TMTG will also rely on other companies to maintain reliable network systems that provide adequate speed, data capacity and security to TMTG and its users. As the internet continues to experience growth in the number of users,
    frequency of use and amount of data transmitted, the internet infrastructure that TMTG and its users rely on may be unable to support the demands placed upon it. The failure of the internet infrastructure that TMTG’s users rely on, even for a short
    period of time, could undermine TMTG’s operations and harm TMTG’s operating results. 29 Table






















          of Contents If TMTG fails to expand effectively in international markets, TMTG’s revenue and TMTG’s business will be harmed. Notwithstanding TMTG’s best efforts, TMTG may not be able to monetize TMTG’s products and services internationally as a result of competition, advertiser demand, differences in the
    digital advertising market and digital advertising conventions, as well as differences in the way that users in different countries access or utilize TMTG’s products and services. Differences in the competitive landscape in international markets may
    impact TMTG’s ability to monetize TMTG’s products and services. TMTG’s business is highly competitive. Competition presents an ongoing threat to the success of TMTG’s business. The industries in which TMTG operates or has announced plans to operate-social media, streaming video, and financial products-are all highly competitive. TMTG believes that its ability to compete effectively for users depends upon many numerous factors both within and beyond TMTG’s control, such as: • the popularity, usefulness, ease of use, performance and reliability of TMTG’s products and services compared to those of TMTG’s competitors; • the amount, quality and timeliness of content generated by TMTG’s users; • the timing and market acceptance of TMTG’s products and services; • the reduced availability of data used by ad targeting and measurement tools; • government restrictions on access to TMTG products, or other actions that impair TMTG’s ability to sell advertising, in their states or countries; • adverse litigation, government actions, or legislative, regulatory, or other legal developments relating to advertising, including developments that may impact TMTG’s ability to deliver, target, or measure the
            effectiveness of advertising; • the adoption of TMTG’s products and services internationally; • TMTG’s ability, and the ability of TMTG’s competitors, to develop new products and services and enhancements to existing products and services; • the frequency and relative prominence of the ads displayed by TMTG’s competitors; • TMTG’s ability to establish and maintain relationships with platform partners that integrate with Truth Social; • changes mandated by, or that TMTG elects to make to address, legislation, regulatory authorities or litigation, including settlements and consent decrees, some of which may have a disproportionate effect on TMTG; • the application of antitrust laws both in the United States and internationally; • government action regulating competition; • TMTG’s ability to attract, retain and motivate talented employees, particularly engineers, designers and product managers; • TMTG’s ability to build, maintain, and scale technical infrastructure, and risks associated with disruptions in TMTG’s service, catastrophic events, cyber‑attacks, and crises; • acquisitions or consolidation within TMTG’s industry, which may result in more formidable competitors; and • TMTG’s reputation and the brand strength relative to its competitors. If TMTG is unable to effectively compete due to these or other factors, TMTG’s business could be harmed. TMTG cannot assure you that TMTG will effectively manage its growth. If TMTG fails to effectively manage its growth, TMTG’s business and operating results could
    be harmed. 30 Table






















          of Contents TMTG may experience rapid growth in TMTG’s headcount, operations, and product offerings, which will place significant demands on TMTG’s management and operational and financial
    infrastructure. TMTG intends to make substantial investments to expand TMTG’s operations, research and development, sales and marketing and general and administrative organizations, as well as TMTG’s international operations. TMTG may face significant
    competition for employees, particularly engineers, designers and product managers, from other internet and high-growth companies, which include both publicly-traded and privately-held companies, and TMTG may not be able to hire new employees quickly
    enough to meet TMTG’s needs. To attract highly skilled personnel, TMTG believes it will need to offer highly competitive compensation packages. As TMTG continues to grow, TMTG may be subject to the risks of over-hiring, over-compensating TMTG’s
    employees and over- expanding TMTG’s operating infrastructure, and to the challenges of integrating, developing, and motivating a rapidly growing employee base in various countries around the world. In addition, TMTG may not be able to innovate or
    execute as quickly as a smaller, more efficient organization. If TMTG fails to effectively manage TMTG’s hiring needs and successfully integrate TMTG’s new hires, TMTG’s efficiency and ability to meet TMTG’s forecasts and TMTG’s employee morale,
    productivity and retention could suffer, and TMTG’s business and operating results could be adversely affected. The growth and expansion of TMTG’s business and products create significant challenges for TMTG’s management, operational, and financial resources, including managing multiple
    relations with users, advertisers, platform developers, and other third parties. In the event of continued growth of TMTG’s operations, product offerings, or in the number of TMTG’s third-party relationships, TMTG’s information technology systems or
    TMTG’s internal controls and procedures may not be adequate to support TMTG’s operations. In addition, some members of TMTG’s Management Team do not have significant experience managing a large global business operation, so TMTG’s Management Team may
    not be able to manage such growth effectively. To effectively manage TMTG’s growth, TMTG must continue to improve TMTG’s operational, financial, and management processes and systems and to effectively expand, train, and manage TMTG’s employee base. As
    TMTG’s organization continues to grow, and TMTG is required to implement more complex organizational management structures, TMTG may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the benefits of TMTG’s corporate culture, including TMTG’s ability to
    quickly develop and launch new and innovative products. This could negatively affect TMTG’s business performance. TMTG faces significant competition for advertiser spend. TMTG’s revenue has initially been generated through ads on Truth Social, and TMTG aims to generate revenue via advertising on Truth+. Therefore, in order to grow TMTG’s revenue and
    improve TMTG’s operating results, TMTG aims to compete successfully with online and mobile businesses, including streaming services. TMTG believes that its ability to compete effectively for advertiser spend depends upon many factors both within and beyond TMTG’s control, including: • the size and composition of TMTG’s user base relative to those of TMTG’s competitors; • TMTG’s ad targeting capabilities, and those of TMTG’s competitors; • the timing and market acceptance of TMTG’s advertising services, and those of TMTG’s competitors; • the propensity of advertisers to support free speech-focused platforms like Truth Social and Truth+; • TMTG’s marketing and selling efforts, and those of TMTG’s competitors; • the pricing for TMTG’s products relative to the advertising products and services of TMTG’s competitors; • the return TMTG’s advertisers receive from TMTG’s advertising services, and those of TMTG’s competitors; • TMTG’s reputation and the strength of TMTG’s brand relative to TMTG’s competitors; • the engagement of TMTG’s users with TMTG’s products; • TMTG’s ability to monetize Truth Social and Truth+, including TMTG’s ability to successfully monetize mobile usage; • TMTG’s customer service and support efforts; • TMTG’s ability to establish and maintain developers’ interest in building Truth Social and Truth+; • acquisitions or consolidations within TMTG’s industry, which may result in more formidable competitors; and • TMTG’s ability to cost-effectively manage and grow its operations. If TMTG is unable to effectively compete due to these or other factors, TMTG’s business could be harmed. Consolidation in TMTG’s industry could significantly increase competition. 31 Table






















          of Contents In recent years, there have been significant acquisitions and consolidation by and among TMTG’s potential competitors. TMTG anticipates this trend of consolidation will continue,
    which will present heightened competitive challenges for TMTG’s business. Acquisitions by TMTG’s competitors may result in reduced functionality of Truth Social. Any elimination of integration with Truth Social in the future may adversely impact TMTG’s
    business and operating results. Consolidation may also enable TMTG’s larger competitors to offer bundled or integrated products that feature alternatives to Truth Social. Reduced functionality of Truth Social, or
    TMTG’s competitors’ ability to offer bundled or integrated products that compete directly with TMTG, may cause TMTG’s user growth, user engagement and ad engagement to decline and advertisers to reduce their spending with TMTG. If TMTG is not able to
    compete effectively for users and advertiser spend its business and operating results would be materially and adversely affected. Many of TMTG’s potential competitors have significantly greater resources and better competitive positions in certain markets than TMTG does. These factors may allow TMTG’s
    competitors to respond more effectively to new or emerging technologies and changes in market requirements. TMTG’s competitors may develop products, features, or services that are similar to TMTG’s or that achieve greater market acceptance, may
    undertake more far-reaching and successful product development efforts or marketing campaigns, or may adopt more aggressive pricing policies. In addition, platform partners may use information shared by TMTG’s users through Truth Social in order to
    develop products or features that compete with TMTG. If TMTG is not able to effectively compete, TMTG’s user base and level of user engagement may decrease, which could make TMTG less attractive to developers and advertisers and materially and
    adversely affect TMTG’s revenue and results of operations. Truth Social exists to provide its users a true free speech platform and avoid cancellation or censorship by Big Tech. There is nothing preventing Big Tech from ceasing to cancel
    different voices. If that were to happen, the number of users on TMTG’s platform may decrease. Action by governments to censor content on or restrict access to Truth Social in their countries could substantially harm TMTG’s business and financial results. It is possible that governments of one or more countries may seek to censor content available on Truth Social or Truth+ in their country or impose other restrictions that may
    affect the accessibility of Truth Social or Truth+ in their country for an extended period of time or indefinitely. In addition, governments in other countries may seek to restrict access to Truth Social from their country entirely if they consider
    TMTG to be in violation of their laws. In the event that access to Truth Social or Truth+ is restricted, in whole or in part, in one or more countries or TMTG’s competitors are able to successfully penetrate geographic markets that TMTG cannot access,
    TMTG’s ability to retain or increase TMTG’s user base and user engagement may be adversely affected, TMTG may not be able to maintain or grow TMTG’s revenue as anticipated, and TMTG’s financial results could be adversely affected. TMTG’s new products, services and initiatives and changes to existing products, services and initiatives could fail to attract sufficient users and advertisers
    or generate revenue. TMTG’s ability to increase the size and engagement of Truth Social’s user base, attract advertisers and generate revenue will depend in part on TMTG’s ability to create successful
    new products and services, including Truth+ and Truth.Fi, both independently and in conjunction with third parties. TMTG may introduce significant changes to TMTG’s existing products and services or develop and introduce new and unproven products and
    services, including technologies with which TMTG has little or no prior development or operating experience. If new or enhanced products or services fail to engage users and advertisers, TMTG may fail to attract or retain users or to generate
    sufficient revenue or operating profit to justify TMTG’s investments, and TMTG’s business and operating results could be adversely affected. In the future, TMTG may invest in new products, services, and initiatives to generate revenue, but there is no
    guarantee these approaches will be successful. If TMTG’s strategic initiatives do not enhance TMTG’s ability to monetize TMTG’s products and services or enable it to develop new approaches to monetization, TMTG may not be able to maintain or grow
    TMTG’s revenue or recover any associated development costs and TMTG’s operating results could be adversely affected. If TMTG’s efforts to build and maintain strong brand identity, improve the user base for Truth Social and Truth+, and develop additional products are not
    successful, TMTG may not be able to attract or retain users, and TMTG’s operating results will be affected adversely. If events occur that damage TMTG’s reputation and brand, TMTG’s ability to expand TMTG’s base of users, developers and advertisers may
    be impaired, and TMTG’s business and financial results may be harmed. 32 Table






















          of Contents TMTG believes that its unique brand will significantly contribute to the success of TMTG’s business. TMTG also believes that maintaining and enhancing TMTG’s brand is critical to
    expanding its base of users, developers and advertisers. Maintaining and enhancing TMTG’s brand will depend largely on TMTG’s ability to continue to provide useful, reliable, trustworthy and innovative products, which TMTG may not do successfully. TMTG
    may introduce new products or terms of service that users do not like, which may negatively affect TMTG’s brand. Additionally, the actions of TMTG’s platform developers may affect TMTG’s brand if users do not have a positive experience using
    third-party apps and websites integrated with Truth Social. TMTG’s brand may also be negatively affected by the actions of users that are hostile towards President Donald J. Trump or towards other people, by users impersonating other people, by users
    identified as spam, by users introducing excessive amounts of spam on TMTG’s platform, by third parties obtaining control over users’ accounts or by unauthorized access to TMTG’s data or TMTG’s users’ data. TMTG expects that in the future TMTG may
    experience media, judicial, legislative, or regulatory scrutiny of TMTG’s decisions regarding user privacy, data use, encryption, content, product design, algorithms, advertising, or other issues, which may adversely affect TMTG’s reputation and brand.
    TMTG also may fail to provide adequate customer service, which could erode confidence in TMTG’s platform. Maintaining and enhancing TMTG’s platform may require it to make substantial investments, and these investments may not be successful. If TMTG
    fails to successfully promote and maintain its platform or if it incurs excessive expenses in this effort, TMTG’s business and financial results may be adversely affected. Any significant disruption in service on Truth Social or Truth+, or in TMTG’s information systems, could result in a loss of users or subscribers. Users and subscribers will access Truth Social and Truth+ through TMTG’s website and related mobile applications. TMTG’s reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve TMTG’s
    subscribers is dependent upon the reliable performance of TMTG’s website and related apps, network infrastructure and fulfillment processes. Interruptions in these systems could make TMTG’s website unavailable and hinder TMTG’s ability to fulfill
    selections. Some of TMTG’s software is proprietary, and TMTG may rely on the expertise of members of TMTG’s engineering and software development teams for the continued performance of TMTG’s software and computer systems. Service interruptions or the
    unavailability of TMTG’s website could diminish the overall attractiveness of TMTG’s subscription service to existing and potential subscribers. TMTG’s servers may be vulnerable to computer viruses, physical or electronic break-ins and similar disruptions, which could lead to interruptions and delays in TMTG’s service and
    operations and loss, misuse or theft of data. TMTG’s website may periodically experience directed attacks intended to cause a disruption in service. Any attempts by hackers to disrupt TMTG’s website service or TMTG’s internal systems, if successful,
    could harm TMTG’s business, be expensive to remedy and damage TMTG’s reputation. Efforts to prevent hackers from entering TMTG’s computer systems may be expensive to implement and may limit the functionality of TMTG’s services. Any significant
    disruption to TMTG’s website or internal computer systems could result in a loss of subscribers and adversely affect TMTG’s business and results of operations. TMTG’s industries, including financial products, are prone to cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to TMTG’s data or users’ data or to disrupt TMTG’s ability
    to provide service. TMTG’s products and services involve the collection, storage, processing, and transmission of a large amount of data. Any failure to prevent or mitigate security breaches and improper access to or disclosure of TMTG’s data or user
    data, including personal information, content, or payment information from users, or information from marketers, could result in the loss, modification, disclosure, destruction, or other misuse of such data, which could harm TMTG’s business and
    reputation and diminish TMTG’s competitive position. In addition, computer malware, viruses, social engineering (such as spear phishing attacks), scraping, and general hacking are prevalent in TMTG’s industry and are likely to occur on TMTG’s systems
    in the future. TMTG will also regularly encounter attempts to create false or undesirable user accounts, purchase ads, or take other actions on TMTG’s platform for purposes such as spamming, spreading misinformation, or other illegal, illicit, or
    otherwise objectionable ends. As a result of TMTG’s prominence, the prominence and involvement of President Donald J. Trump, the size of TMTG’s user base, the types and volume of personal data and content on TMTG’s systems, and the evolving nature of
    TMTG’s products and services (including TMTG’s efforts involving new and emerging technologies), TMTG believes that it is a particularly attractive target for such breaches and attacks, including from nation states and highly sophisticated,
    state-sponsored, or otherwise well-funded actors, and TMTG may experience heightened risk from time to time as a result of geopolitical events. TMTG’s efforts to address undesirable activity on TMTG’s platform also increase the risk of retaliatory
    attacks. Such breaches and attacks may cause interruptions to the services TMTG provides, degrade the user experience, cause users or marketers to lose confidence and trust in TMTG products, impair TMTG’s internal systems, or result in financial harm
    to TMTG. TMTG’s efforts to protect its company data or the information it receives, and to disable undesirable activities on TMTG’s platform, may also be unsuccessful due to software bugs or other technical malfunctions; employee, contractor, or vendor
    error or malfeasance, including defects or vulnerabilities in TMTG’s vendors’ information technology systems or offerings; government surveillance; breaches of physical security of TMTG’s facilities or technical infrastructure; or other threats that
    evolve. For example, in June 2025, TMTG was informed by its auditor that the auditor’s internal shared drive—including certain data and information belonging to or relating to TMTG—was compromised in a cyber-attack. Although TMTG has not, as of the
    date of this quarterly report, determined this incident to have been material with respect to TMTG, it highlights the risk described above. 33 Table






















          of Contents In addition, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or users to disclose information in order to gain access to TMTG’s data or TMTG’s users’ data. Cyber-attacks
    continue to evolve in sophistication and volume, and inherently may be difficult to detect for long periods of time. Although TMTG has developed systems and processes that are designed to protect its data and user data, to prevent data loss, to disable
    undesirable accounts and activities on TMTG’s platform, and to prevent or detect security breaches, TMTG cannot guarantee that such measures will provide absolute security, that TMTG will be able to react in a timely manner, or that TMTG’s remediation
    efforts will be successful. The changes in TMTG’s work environment as a result of certain personnel working remotely could also impact the security of TMTG’s systems, as well as TMTG’s ability to protect against attacks and detect and respond to them
    quickly. TMTG is subject to various laws and regulations in the United States and abroad relating to cybersecurity and data protection. Consequently, affected users or government
    authorities could initiate legal or regulatory actions against TMTG in connection with any actual or perceived security breaches or improper access to or disclosure of data, including payment information. Such an incident or incidents could cause TMTG
    to incur significant expense and liability or result in orders or consent decrees forcing TMTG to modify its business practices. Such an incident or incidents, or TMTG’s efforts to remediate the same, may also result in a decline in TMTG’s user base or
    engagement levels. Such an incident or incidents could have a material and adverse effect on TMTG’s business, reputation or financial results. TMTG’s communications hardware and the computer hardware used to operate Truth Social and Truth+ are hosted at the facilities of third-party providers. Hardware for TMTG’s delivery
    systems is intended to be maintained in TMTG’s data centers. Fires, floods, earthquakes, adverse weather conditions, other natural disasters, power losses, telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks, public health crises, terrorism, geopolitical
    conflict, break-ins, and similar events could damage these systems and hardware or cause them to fail completely. Problems faced by TMTG’s third-party party could impact adversely the experience of TMTG’s customer. Any of these problems could harm
    TMTG’s reputation and adversely affect TMTG’s business. The Company may also be susceptible to cybersecurity threats through its third-party service providers. For example, our independent public accounting firm was subject to a data
    breach and, while there is no determination of the effect on the Company of the breach, the Company continues to evaluate such effects. Improper access to or disclosure of TMTG’s users’ information could harm TMTG’s reputation and adversely affect TMTG’s business. TMTG’s efforts to protect the information that TMTG’s users have chosen to share using Truth Social may be unsuccessful due to the actions of third parties, software bugs or other
    technical malfunctions, employee error or malfeasance, or other factors. In addition, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or users to disclose information in order to gain access to TMTG’s data or TMTG’s users’ data. If any of
    these events occur, TMTG’s users’ information could be accessed or disclosed improperly. Truth Social’s Data Privacy Policy governs the use of information that users have chosen to share using Truth Social. Some platform developers may store
    information provided by TMTG’s users through apps on the Truth Social platform or websites integrated with Truth Social. As TMTG expands its Truth.Fi and payments platforms, it may gain access to more sensitive user information, including credit card,
    payment, and other sensitive personally identifiable information, and will be reliant on third-party partners, including our payments processor. If these third parties or platform developers fail to adopt or adhere to adequate data security practices
    or fail to comply with TMTG’s terms and policies, or in the event of a breach of their networks, TMTG’s users’ data may be improperly accessed or disclosed. Any incidents involving unauthorized access to or improper use of the information of TMTG’s
    users could damage TMTG’s reputation and TMTG’s brand and diminish TMTG’s competitive position. In addition, the affected users or government authorities could initiate legal or regulatory action against TMTG in connection with such incidents, which
    could cause TMTG to incur significant expense and liability or result in orders or consent decrees forcing TMTG to modify its business practices. Any of these events could have a material and adverse effect on TMTG’s business, reputation or financial
    results. 34 Table






















          of Contents False, misleading, and unfavorable media coverage could negatively affect TMTG’s business. TMTG may receive a high degree of media coverage around the world, including regarding, without limitation, TMTG’s privacy practices, product changes, product quality, litigation
    or regulatory activity, or the actions of TMTG’s platform or developers or TMTG’s users. For example, numerous media outlets reported on the fact that, in June 2022, TMTG received subpoenas from the SEC and a federal grand jury sitting in the Southern
    District of New York seeking documents relating to, among other things, Digital World and other potential counterparties. In or about October 2022, a now-former TMTG Sub employee initiated a series of unauthorized leaks of Private TMTG’s confidential
    information to various media outlets, which resulted in the publication of numerous stories portraying Private TMTG and its management in a negative light. On May 20, 2023, Private TMTG filed a $3.8 billion defamation lawsuit against The Washington Post in connection with a May 13, 2023 article. On July 12, 2024, TMTG filed in Florida
    state court an action for defamation, injurious falsehood, and civil conspiracy against Guardian News and Media Ltd., Penske Media Corporation, a Sarasota Herald-Tribune reporter, and the above-referenced former TMTG Sub employee.  These matters remain
    pending, and the court denied The Washington Post’s motion to dismiss TMTG’s second amended complaint on June 6, 2024. Notwithstanding such ongoing litigation, media outlets continue to publish false and misleading information about TMTG.  For example, numerous publications mischaracterized a
    January 28, 2025 issuance of equity compensation to TMTG’s non-employee directors as a “gift”—despite a clear statement in the relevant filings that it was “consideration for services,” i.e., not a gift.  Thus, whatever factual information TMTG
    includes in its disclosures and other public statements may be twisted and distorted when conveyed to the public and the market.  Such fake news could harm TMTG’s business, reputation, stock price, and/or ability to transact with its third-party
    providers. Negative publicity also could have an adverse effect on the size, engagement, and loyalty of TMTG’s user base and result in decreased revenue, which could adversely affect TMTG’s business and financial results. TMTG operates in new and evolving industries. TMTG may not be able to respond to changes in market conditions or to new or emerging technologies. You should take into account the risks and uncertainties frequently encountered by new companies in rapidly evolving markets. TMTG’s financial results in any given quarter can be
    influenced by numerous factors, many of which TMTG is unable to predict or is outside of TMTG’s control, including: • TMTG’s ability to maintain and grow TMTG’s user base and user engagement; • TMTG’s ability to attract and retain advertisers in a particular period; • seasonal fluctuations in spending by TMTG’s advertisers; • the number of ads shown to users; • the pricing of TMTG’s ads and other products; • TMTG’s ability to increase payments and other fees revenue; • the diversification and growth of revenue sources beyond advertising and payments; • the development and introduction of new products or services by TMTG or its competitors; • increases in marketing, sales, and other operating expenses that TMTG may incur to grow and expand TMTG’s operations and to remain competitive; • TMTG’s ability to maintain gross margins and operating margins; • TMTG’s ability to obtain equipment and components for TMTG’s data centers and other technical infrastructure in a timely and cost‑effective manner; • system failures or breaches of security or privacy; • inaccessibility of the Truth ecosystem due to third‑party actions; • adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other litigation‑related costs; 35 Table






















          of Contents • changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including with respect to privacy, or enforcement by government regulators, including fines, orders, or consent decrees; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates and changes in the proportion of TMTG’s revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies; • fluctuations in the market values of TMTG’s portfolio investments and in interest rates; • changes in U.S. GAAP; and • changes in business or macroeconomic conditions. If TMTG’s security measures are breached, or if TMTG’s products and services are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access TMTG’s
    products and services, TMTG’s products and services may be perceived as not being secure, users and advertisers may curtail or stop using TMTG’s products and services and TMTG’s business and operating results could be harmed. TMTG’s industry is prone to cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to TMTG’s data, TMTG’s users’ data, or TMTG’s advertisers’ data. In addition, computer
    malware, viruses, social engineering (such as spear phishing attacks), scraping, and general hacking continue to be prevalent in TMTG’s industry and are likely to occur on TMTG’s systems in the future. TMTG’s products and services involve the storage
    and transmission of users’ and advertisers’ information, and security breaches expose it to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and potential liability. TMTG may experience cyber-attacks and other cybersecurity risks of varying degrees on a
    regular basis, and as a result, unauthorized parties may obtain access to TMTG’s data or TMTG’s users’ or advertisers’ data. TMTG’s security measures may also be breached due to employee error, malfeasance or otherwise. Additionally, outside parties
    may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users or advertisers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to TMTG’s data or TMTG’s users’ or advertisers’ data or accounts, or may otherwise obtain access to such data or accounts.
    Since TMTG’s users and advertisers may use their Truth Social accounts to establish and maintain online identities, unauthorized communications from Truth Social accounts that have been compromised may damage their reputations and brands as well as
    TMTG’s. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to TMTG’s reputation and a loss of confidence in the security of TMTG’s products and services that could have an adverse effect on TMTG’s
    business and operating results. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, TMTG may be unable to anticipate
    these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of TMTG’s security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of TMTG’s security measures could be harmed, TMTG could lose users and advertisers
    and TMTG may incur significant legal and financial exposure, including legal claims and regulatory fines and penalties. Any of these actions could have a material and adverse effect on TMTG’s business, reputation, and operating results. TMTG may rely in part on application marketplaces and internet search engines to drive traffic to TMTG’s products and services, and if TMTG fails to appear high
    up in the search results or rankings, traffic to Truth Social and Truth+ could decline and TMTG’s business and operating results could be adversely affected. Although TMTG offers a web application for Truth Social and Truth+, TMTG may rely on application marketplaces, such as Apple’s App Store and Google’s Play Store, to drive downloads
    of TMTG’s mobile application. In the future, Apple, Google, or other operators of application marketplaces may make changes to their marketplaces which make access to TMTG’s products and services more difficult or impossible. Additionally, third
    parties may attempt to pressure Apple and Google to remove Truth Social from their application marketplaces, and such removal may constitute a force majeure event under the operative version of TMTG’s License Agreement with President Donald J. Trump
    (the “License Agreement”), which allows TMTG to use “Trump Media & Technology Group Corp.” as its name and to use the name and likeness of President Donald J. Trump, subject to certain limitations. Such a force majeure event may relieve President
    Donald J. Trump of any obligation to post on or otherwise use Truth Social for so long as such event continues. 36 Table






















          of Contents TMTG may also depend in part on internet search engines, such as Google, Bing, and Yahoo!, to drive traffic to Truth Social and Truth+. For example, when a user types an inquiry
    into a search engine, TMTG may rely on a high organic search result ranking of TMTG’s web pages in these search results to refer the user to Truth Social. However, TMTG’s ability to maintain high organic search result rankings is not within TMTG’s
    control. TMTG’s competitors’ search engine optimization (“SEO”) efforts may result in their websites receiving a higher search result page ranking than TMTG’s, or internet search engines could revise their methodologies in a way that would adversely
    affect TMTG’s search result rankings. For example, Google has integrated its social networking offerings, including Google+, with certain of its products, including search, which could negatively impact the organic search ranking of TMTG’s web pages.
    If internet search engines modify their search algorithms in ways that are detrimental to us, or if TMTG’s competitors’ SEO efforts are more successful than TMTG’s, the growth in Truth Social’s and Truth+’s user base could slow. TMTG anticipates
    fluctuations in search result rankings in the future. Any reduction in the number of users directed to TMTG’s mobile applications or website through application marketplaces and search engines could harm TMTG’s business and operating results. More people are using devices other than personal computers to access the internet and new platforms to produce and consume content, and TMTG needs to promote
    the adoption of TMTG’s mobile applications, and TMTG’s business and operating results may be harmed if TMTG is unable to do so. The number of people who access the internet through devices other than personal computers, including mobile phones, smartphones, handheld computers such as net books and tablets,
    video game consoles and television set-top devices, has increased dramatically in the past few years. There are 8.6 billion mobile phones worldwide in 2025. Since TMTG may generate a majority of TMTG’s advertising revenue through users on mobile
    devices, TMTG must continue to drive adoption of TMTG’s mobile applications. In addition, mobile users frequently change or upgrade their mobile devices. TMTG’s business and operating results may be harmed if TMTG’s users do not install Truth Social
    application when they change or upgrade their mobile device. In addition, as new devices and platforms are continually being released, users may consume content in a manner that is more difficult to monetize. It is difficult to predict the problems
    TMTG may encounter in adapting TMTG’s products and services and developing competitive new products and services that are compatible with new devices or platforms. If TMTG is unable to develop products and services that are compatible with new devices
    and platforms, or if TMTG is unable to drive continued adoption of TMTG’s mobile applications, TMTG’s business and operating results may be harmed. TMTG’s business is dependent on its ability to maintain and scale TMTG’s technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in TMTG’s service could damage
    TMTG’s reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect TMTG’s financial results. TMTG’s reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve TMTG’s users is dependent upon the reliable performance of Truth Social and TMTG’s underlying technical infrastructure.
    TMTG’s systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages or service disruptions that could be harmful to TMTG’s business. If any part of the Truth ecosystem is unavailable when
    users attempt to access it, or if it does not load as quickly as they expect, users may not return to TMTG’s website as often in the future, or at all. As TMTG’s user base and the amount and types of information shared on the Truth ecosystem continue
    to grow, TMTG will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity, and computing power, to continue to satisfy the needs of TMTG’s users. It is possible that TMTG may fail to effectively scale and grow TMTG’s
    technical infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands. In addition, as stated above, TMTG’s business is subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from earthquakes, other natural disasters, terrorism, or other catastrophic
    events. A substantial portion of TMTG’s network infrastructure will be provided by third parties. Any disruption or failure in the services TMTG receives from these providers could harm
    TMTG’s ability to handle new or increased traffic and could significantly harm TMTG’s business. Any financial or other difficulties these providers face may adversely affect TMTG’s business, and TMTG exercise little control over these providers, which
    increases TMTG’s vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. TMTG’s software is highly technical, and if it contains undetected errors, TMTG’s business could be adversely affected. TMTG’s business and operating results
    may be harmed by a disruption in TMTG’s service, or by TMTG’s failure to timely and effectively scale and adapt TMTG’s existing technology and infrastructure. One of the reasons people will come to Truth Social and Truth+ is for real-time information. TMTG in the future may experience service disruptions, outages, and other performance
    problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, hardware failure, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of people accessing TMTG’s products and services simultaneously, computer viruses and
    denial of service or fraud or security attacks. Although TMTG will invest significantly to improve the capacity, capability, and reliability of TMTG’s infrastructure, TMTG cannot guarantee that TMTG will serve all traffic equally through data centers
    that support TMTG’s platform. Accordingly, in the event of a significant issue at a data center supporting significant network traffic, some of TMTG’s products and services may become inaccessible to the public or the public may experience difficulties
    accessing TMTG’s products and services. Any disruption or failure in TMTG’s infrastructure could hinder TMTG’s ability to handle existing or increased traffic on TMTG’s platform, which could significantly harm TMTG’s business. 37 Table






















          of Contents As the number of TMTG’s users increases and TMTG’s users generate more content, including photos and videos hosted by Truth Social and Truth+, TMTG may be required to expand and
    adapt TMTG’s technology and infrastructure to continue to reliably store, serve and analyze this content. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve the performance of TMTG’s products and services, especially during peak usage times,
    as TMTG’s products and services become more complex and TMTG’s user traffic increases. In addition, because TMTG may lease TMTG’s data center facilities, TMTG cannot be assured that TMTG will be able to expand TMTG’s data center infrastructure to meet
    user demand in a timely manner, or on favorable economic terms. If TMTG users are unable to access Truth Social or Truth+, or TMTG is not able to make information available rapidly on Truth Social or Truth+, users may seek other channels to obtain the
    information, and may not return to Truth Social or use Truth Social as often in the future, or at all. This would negatively impact TMTG’s ability to attract users and advertisers and increase engagement of TMTG’s users. TMTG expects to continue to
    make significant investments to maintain and improve the capacity, capability, and reliability of TMTG’s infrastructure. To the extent that TMTG does not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade TMTG’s systems as needed and continually develop
    TMTG’s technology and infrastructure to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, TMTG’s business and operating results may be harmed. TMTG’s products may incorporate software that is highly technical and complex. TMTG’s software may now or in the future contain, undetected errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities. Some
    errors in TMTG’s software code may only be discovered after the code has been released. Any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities discovered in TMTG’s code after release could result in damage to TMTG’s reputation, loss of users, loss of revenue, or
    liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect TMTG’s business and financial results. Computer malware, viruses, hacking, and phishing attacks, scamming and spamming could harm TMTG’s business and results of operations. Excessive scamming
    activity or spam could diminish the user experience on TMTG’s platform, which could damage TMTG’s reputation and deter TMTG’s current and potential users from using TMTG’s products and services. Computer malware, viruses, hacking, and phishing attacks have become more prevalent in TMTG’s industry and may occur on TMTG’s systems in the future. In addition, scammers may use
    TMTG’s platforms to initiate or conduct fraudulent or dishonest schemes to gain money or possessions from Truth Social users. Because of TMTG’s prominence, and the prominence of President Donald J. Trump in TMTG, TMTG believes that TMTG is a
    particularly attractive target for such attacks. Though it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption or attack, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security, and availability of TMTG’s
    products and technical infrastructure to the satisfaction of TMTG’s users may harm TMTG’s reputation and TMTG’s ability to retain existing users and attract new users. “Spam” on Truth Social refers to a range of abusive activities that are prohibited by TMTG’s terms of service and is generally defined as unsolicited, repeated actions that
    negatively impact other users with the general goal of drawing user attention to a given account, site, product or idea. This includes posting large numbers of unsolicited mentions of a user, duplicating content, misleading links (e.g., to malware or
    click- jacking pages) or other false or misleading content, and aggressively following and un-following accounts, adding users to lists, sending invitations, retruthing and favoriting content to inappropriately attract attention. TMTG’s terms of
    service also prohibit the creation of serial or bulk accounts, using automation, for disruptive or abusive purposes, such as to truth spam or to artificially inflate the popularity of users seeking to promote themselves on Truth Social. Although TMTG
    will continue to invest resources to reduce scammer activity and spam on Truth Social, TMTG expects scammers and spammers will continue to seek ways to act inappropriately on TMTG’s platform. In addition, TMTG expects that increases in the number of
    users on TMTG’s platform will result in increased efforts by scammers and spammers to misuse TMTG’s platform. TMTG cannot guarantee that TMTG will successfully and continuously combat scammers and spam, including by suspending or terminating accounts
    TMTG believes to be spammers and launching algorithmic changes focused on curbing abusive activities. TMTG’s actions to combat scammers and spam require the diversion of significant time and focus of TMTG’s engineering team from improving TMTG’s
    products and services. If scammer activity or spam increases on Truth Social, this could hurt TMTG’s reputation for delivering relevant content or reduce user growth and user engagement and result in continuing operational cost to us. 38 Table






















          of Contents In addition, spammers attempt to use TMTG’s products to send targeted and untargeted spam messages to users, which may embarrass or annoy users and make Truth Social less
    user-friendly. TMTG cannot be certain that the technologies and employees tasked with defeating spamming attacks will be able to eliminate all spam messages from being sent on TMTG’s platform. As a result of spamming activities, TMTG’s users may use
    Truth Social less or stop using TMTG’s products altogether. Misleading solicitations and digital advertisements, including solicitations that are unaffiliated with TMTG, could harm TMTG’s credibility or reputation. Third-party Truth Social and Truth+ advertisers may seek to express or imply the endorsement of TMTG or President Donald J. Trump in circumstances where no such endorsement exists.
    People may solicit customers to Truth products, or purport to solicit customers to Truth products, without TMTG’s knowledge and may even get paid in the process. For example, the fundraising committee of a U.S. Senator’s campaign has sent several email
    solicitations which claim to be an exclusive opportunity to sign up for a “brand-new social site” launched by President Donald J. Trump. The email solicitations specifically urge their recipients to donate campaign funds with the message, “please don’t
    be the reason Trump’s social site fails.” Misleading solicitations could adversely impact TMTG’s user base, which may find them undesirable. It is possible that there are or will be more misleading advertisements or solicitations claiming affiliation
    with TMTG. If these misleading solicitations and ads damage the reputation of TMTG or the desire of people to use Truth Social, TMTG’s results of operations may be adversely affected. Bot networks could disrupt Truth Social’s operations or degrade the Truth Social’s user experience. Bots-software applications that are programmed to do certain tasks and imitate the behavior of humans-often attempt to proliferate on social media networks. TMTG prioritizes
    preventing, detecting, and eliminating bots from Truth Social. If these efforts are unsuccessful, bots could pose significant challenges to the smooth technical operation of the platform, impact the accuracy of certain data that TMTG may collect
    regarding user statistics, or degrade Truth Social’s user experience, which seeks to promote genuine interaction among humans. TMTG plans to expand its operations abroad where TMTG has limited operating experience and may be subject to increased business and economic risks that could
    affect TMTG’s financial results. TMTG plans to continue expanding TMTG’s business operations by offering TMTG’s products around the globe. TMTG has recently entered new international markets where TMTG has limited
    or no experience in marketing, selling, and deploying TMTG’s products. If TMTG fails to deploy or manage its operations in international markets successfully, its business may suffer. In addition, TMTG is subject to a variety of risks inherent in doing
    business internationally, including: • political, social, or economic instability; • risks related to the legal and regulatory environment in foreign jurisdictions, including with respect to privacy, and unexpected changes in laws, regulatory requirements, and enforcement; • potential damage to TMTG’s brand and reputation due to compliance with local laws, including potential censorship or requirements to provide user information to local authorities; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates; • higher levels of credit risk and payment fraud; • enhanced difficulties of integrating any foreign acquisitions; • burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws; • reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; • difficulties in staffing and managing global operations and the increased travel, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations; • compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions; and • compliance with statutory equity requirements and management of tax consequences. If TMTG is unable to manage the complexity of its global operations successfully, its financial results could be adversely affected. 39 Table






















          of Contents TMTG plans to continue making acquisitions that could require significant management attention, disrupt its business, acquire new capital, result in dilution to
    its stockholders, and adversely affect its financial results. As a key part of its business strategy, TMTG is, and intends to continue, evaluating certain acquisitions of business and/or technologies. Such acquisitions might entail the
    addition and/or combination or employees, companies, products, services, technologies and/or entire businesses or business units that may function as new subsidiaries of TMTG. However, prior to its acquisition of WCT, TMTG had not previously completed
    any such strategic transaction. As a result, its ability to successfully acquire and integrate assets or larger or more significant companies, products, or technologies is unproven. As such, TMTG may struggle to leverage resources effectively to
    capitalize on the benefits of an acquisition and execute its business plan. Furthermore, in the future, TMTG may not be able to find other suitable acquisition candidates and complete acquisitions on favorable terms or at all. TMTG’s future
    acquisitions may not achieve its goals, and any future acquisitions that TMTG completes could be viewed negatively by users, developers, advertisers, or investors. If TMTG fails to successfully integrate assets or entities, or the technologies associated with any of its acquisitions, into the Truth ecosystem, or any future product offerings,
    the revenue and operating results of TMTG could be adversely affected. Any integration process may require significant time and resources, and TMTG may not be able to manage the process successfully. TMTG may not successfully evaluate or utilize the
    acquired technology or personnel, or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges. TMTG may have to pay cash, incur debt, or continue to issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition,
    any of which could adversely affect TMTG’s financial results. The sale of equity or issuance of debt to finance any such acquisitions could dilute existing TMTG’s stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations
    and could also include covenants or other restrictions that would impede TMTG’s ability to manage TMTG’s operations. TMTG depends on numerous third-parties to operate successfully, and many of these third parties may not want to engage with TMTG to provide any services. This
    may limit TMTG’s ability to operate, raise capital, or generate revenue. To operate successfully, TMTG relies on third parties to provide services such as web hosting, content monitoring and technology development. TMTG also partners with third parties
    to provide various non-technical business services, and generates revenue from third-party advertisers who place advertisements on Truth Social via TMTG’s advertising partners. To date, several potential and former third-party partners have expressed
    an unwillingness or reluctance to work or continue working on TMTG’s products or provide services for reasons including TMTG’s connection with President Donald J. Trump. To the extent TMTG needs to raise additional capital or generate additional
    advertising revenue, TMTG will need to engage with lawyers, accountants, financial institutions, investment bankers, and/or prospective advertisers, and it is possible that some third parties will refuse to engage with TMTG. If TMTG is unable to
    successfully engage third parties, TMTG’s ability to develop and improve its products, raise additional capital, or generate advertising revenue will be limited. Additionally, if current technical or non-technical service providers discontinue an
    existing relationship with TMTG, such discontinuity could disrupt or cause inconvenience to TMTG’s business operations until replacement service providers are identified and engaged. If TMTG encounters issues with the rollout and implementation of its streaming content plans, TMTG may delay or decide not to fully implement the service, which
    may affect TMTG’s growth strategy and operations. On July 3, 2024, TMTG, WCT, Solutions and JedTec entered into the Asset Acquisition Agreement, as well as ancillary agreements relating to streaming technology with WCT and its
    affiliates, pursuant to which WCT assigned TMTG an irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual right and license to forever retain, copy, reproduce, use, modify, enhance, create modifications and derivative works of, display, distribute, perform,
    compile, execute, sublicense, and otherwise exploit the Source Code and all resulting compiled software for commercial exploitation. In addition, Perception and its affiliates agreed not to use or permit other parties to use the source code until
    August 9, 2029 for any purpose that competes, in the United States, with the Truth platform or commercialization of such source code in the United States. The transaction closed on August 9, 2024. 40 Table






















          of Contents TMTG plans to roll out its streaming content in three phases: Phase 1: Introduce Truth Social’s content CDN for streaming live TV to the Truth Social app for Android, iOS, and Web.
    On August 7, 2024, TMTG announced that TV streaming had become available via all three modalities. Phase 2: Release stand-alone Truth Social over-the-top streaming apps for phones, tablets, and other devices. As of October 21, 2024, TMTG had announced
    that Truth+ streaming had been released as a standalone product on Android, iOS, and Web. Phase 3: Release Truth Social streaming apps for home TV. As of October 23, 2024, TMTG had announced that Truth+ streaming had been released on Apple TV, Android
    TV, and Amazon Fire TV. As part of the roll out of Truth+, TMTG obtained data center services and related equipment for the project. On March 19, 2025 and May 22, 2025, respectively, TMTG announced the release of Truth+ streaming and on-demand content
    via Roku. On April 9, 2025, TMTG announced that the Truth+ mobile and streaming TV applications had been made available in Canada and Mexico, as well as the United States. On July 7, 2025, TMTG announced the successful launch of global streaming. Since
    the initial launch of Truth+, TMTG has steadily added both on-demand content and live 24-hour news streams. TMTG is actively developing various means of monetizing the Truth+ platform, including through advertising. On July 9, 2025, TMTG announced the
    public beta testing of a subscription plan with premium content, the Patriot Package—and that, in the future, Patriot Package subscribers will accumulate Truth gems, which will eventually be tied to a utility token on both Truth Social and Truth+. On
    August 7, 2025, TMTG announced that Truth+ launched a slate of on-demand content from the Great American Media broadcaster—home to a wide array of programming and brands, spanning faith, comedies, dramas, classic series, lifestyle content, and more,
    and on August 7, 2025, TMTG announced that Truth+ has added British news broadcaster GB News to the Truth+ platform. TMTG began generating revenue from this technology during 2025, upon the successful implementation of all three phases and launch of the Patriot Package. The foregoing revenue generation expectations are preliminary and depend on several factors, many of which are outside of TMTG’s control, including TMTG’s ability to generate
    revenue its CDN technology. This may depend on TMTG’s ability to develop, integrate and effectively capitalize on the benefits of such technology, and successfully complete beta testing. Any delays or challenges in these areas could materially affect
    the timeline and/or implementation of the CDN technology. If TMTG is unable to address these challenges effectively, it could result in significant delays, increased costs, and the inability to meet revenue timeline expectations. Any of these risks may
    lead to TMTG deciding to cease the implementation of the rollout of TMTG’s streaming content and CDN technology altogether, which would have a material adverse effect on TMTG’s growth strategy and may result in an adverse effect on the results and
    operations of TMTG. The success of Truth.Fi will be dependent in part on TMTG’s ability to properly roll out services, gain market adoption and regulatory approvals. The success of Truth.Fi will depend on the ability of TMTG and/or its partners to successfully roll out its planned financial services products; construct customized separately
    managed accounts and customized exchange traded funds, and other investment vehicles; obtain required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits; and to gain market adoption and consumer interest. If TMTG is not able to develop Truth.Fi as planned, it
    may adversely affect TMTG’s business, operations and financial condition. The loss of key personnel or the inability of replacements to quickly and successfully perform in their new roles could adversely affect TMTG’s business. TMTG depends on the leadership and experience of its relatively small number of key executive management personnel, including its CEO. Any departure of key personnel or significant
    diversion of management attention away from ongoing business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could have a material adverse effect on TMTG’s business, financial condition and results of operations. The
    loss of the services of these key employees or TMTG’s executive management members could have a material adverse effect on TMTG’s business and prospects, as TMTG may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace such personnel on a timely basis
    or without incurring increased costs. Furthermore, if TMTG loses or terminates the services of one or more of its key employees or if one or more of TMTG’s current or former executives or key employees joins a competitor or otherwise competes with
    TMTG, it could impair TMTG’s business and its ability to successfully implement TMTG’s business plan. Additionally, if TMTG is unable to hire qualified replacements for its executive and other key positions in a timely fashion, its ability to execute
    its business plan would be harmed. Even if TMTG can quickly hire qualified replacements, TMTG could experience operational disruptions and inefficiencies during any such transition. TMTG believes that its future success will depend on its continued
    ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. 41 Table






















          of Contents In addition, many of TMTG’s key technologies and systems will be custom-made for TMTG’s business by TMTG’s personnel. The loss of key engineering, product development, marketing
    and sales personnel could disrupt TMTG’s operations and have an adverse effect on TMTG’s business. As TMTG continues to grow, TMTG cannot guarantee that it will continue to attract the personnel it needs to maintain its competitive position. In particular, TMTG intends to hire
    additional technically-skilled personnel, and TMTG expects to face significant competition from other companies in hiring such personnel. As TMTG matures, the incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees provided by TMTG’s equity awards or by
    future arrangements, such as through cash bonuses, may not be effective. If TMTG does not succeed in attracting, hiring and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, TMTG may be unable to grow effectively. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about TMTG’s business, if they change their recommendations regarding TMTG common stock or
    if TMTG’s operating results do not meet their expectations, the TMTG common stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for TMTG common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about TMTG or its businesses. If no securities
    or industry analysts commence coverage of TMTG, the trading price for TMTG common stock could be negatively impacted. In the event securities or industry analysts initiate coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover TMTG downgrade its securities
    or publish unfavorable research about its businesses, or if TMTG’s operating results do not meet analyst expectations, the trading price of TMTG common stock would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of TMTG or fail to
    publish reports on TMTG regularly, demand for TMTG’s Common Stock could decrease, which might cause TMTG’s common stock price and trading volume to decline. Economic downturns and market conditions beyond TMTG’s control could adversely affect its business, financial condition and operating results. TMTG’s business depends on the overall demand for advertising and on the economic health of advertisers that benefit from Truth Social. Economic downturns or unstable market
    conditions may cause advertisers to decrease their advertising budgets, which could reduce spend with Truth Social and adversely affect TMTG’s business, financial condition and operating results. For example, to the extent there is a disruption in
    economic activity globally, it could adversely affect TMTG’s business, financial condition and operating results through prolonged decreases in advertising spend, credit deterioration of TMTG’s customers, depressed economic activity, or declines in
    capital markets. TMTG’s business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems
    such as terrorism. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire, flood, cyber-attacks, terrorism, geopolitical conflict or significant power outage could have a material adverse impact
    on TMTG’s business, operating results, and financial condition. TMTG does not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to compensate TMTG for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to TMTG’s business that may result
    from interruptions in TMTG’s ability to provide TMTG’s products and services. TMTG carries a large amount of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and short-term investments on its balance sheet, which could expose it to additional risks. TMTG has carried and may continue to carry a large amount of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and short-term investments on its balance sheet. As of December 31, 2025, TMTG has approximately
      $470.9 million of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and short-term investments. As of the date of this Annual Report, TMTG holds such assets in cash and other low-risk investments from which it may interest income commensurate with prevailing
      rates. If interest rates decline, TMTG’s interest income could decrease materially. In addition, the amount of our cash assets may exceed the amount of the FDIC’s deposit insurance, exposing us to additional losses or failures in the banking system. We may invest in or write options on securities, which may result in our bearing the risk of loss should the underlying security change in value during the
      life of the option. There are several risks associated with transactions in options on securities. For example, there are significant differences between the securities and options markets that could
    result in an imperfect correlation between these markets, causing a given transaction not to achieve its objectives. A transaction in options or securities may be unsuccessful to some degree because of market behavior or unexpected events. 42 Table






















          of Contents When we write a covered call option, we forgo, during the option’s life, the opportunity to profit from increases in the market value of the security covering the call option above
    the sum of the premium and the strike price of the call, but retain the risk of loss should the price of the underlying security decline. The writer of an option has no control over the time when it may be required to fulfill its obligation and once an
    option writer has received an exercise notice, it must deliver the underlying security in exchange for the strike price. When we write a covered put option, we bear the risk of loss if the value of the underlying stock declines below the exercise price minus the put premium. If the option is
    exercised, we could incur a loss if we are required to purchase the stock underlying the put option at a price greater than the market price of the stock at the time of exercise plus the put premium we received when we wrote the option. While our
    potential gain in writing a covered put option is limited to distributions earned on the liquid assets securing the put option plus the premium received from the purchaser of the put option, we risk a loss equal to the entire exercise price of the
    option minus the put premium. We may enter into reverse repurchase transactions, which are subject to the risk that the securities subject to such repurchase transaction may decline in
      value or that securities purchased with the proceeds of such reverse repurchase transaction will decline in value below the market value of the securities we are required to repurchase. We may enter into reverse repurchase transactions with banks and securities dealers. A reverse repurchase transaction is a repurchase transaction in which we are the seller of,
    rather than the investor in, securities or other assets and agree to repurchase them at a date certain or on demand. Use of a reverse repurchase transaction may be preferable to a regular sale and later repurchase of securities or other assets because
    it avoids certain market risks and transaction costs. Reverse repurchase transactions involve the risk that the market value of securities and/or other assets purchased by us with the proceeds received by us in connection with such reverse repurchase
    transactions may decline below the market value of the securities we are obligated to repurchase under such reverse repurchase transactions. They also involve the risk that the counterparty liquidates the securities delivered to it by us under the
    reverse repurchase agreement following the occurrence of an event of default under the reverse repurchase agreement by us. At the time when we enter into a reverse repurchase transactions, liquid securities (cash) of ours having a value at least as
    great as the purchase price of the securities to be purchased are expected to be segregated on our books throughout the period of the obligation. From time to time, we may engage in the short sale of securities, which involves the risk of significant loss in the event the price of the borrowed
      securities appreciates before the short position closes out. From time to time, we may engage in the short sale of securities, which involves the risk of significant loss in the event the price of the borrowed securities appreciates before
    the short position closes out. Short sales by us that are not made where there is an offsetting long position in the asset that it is being sold short theoretically involve unlimited loss potential since the market price of securities sold short may
    continuously increase. Short selling allows us to profit from declines in market prices to the extent such decline exceeds the transaction costs and costs of borrowing the securities. However, since the borrowed securities must be replaced by purchases
    at market prices in order to close out the short position, any appreciation in the price of the borrowed securities would result in a loss. Purchasing securities to close out the short position can cause the price of securities to rise further, thereby
    exacerbating the loss. We may mitigate such losses by replacing the securities sold short before the market price has increased significantly. Under adverse market conditions, we might have difficulty purchasing securities to meet margin calls on its
    short sale delivery obligations, and might have to sell portfolio securities to raise the capital necessary to meet its short sale obligations at a time when fundamental investment considerations would not favor such sales. If other short positions of the same security are closed out at the same time, a “short squeeze” can occur where demand exceeds the supply for the security sold short. A short
    squeeze makes it more likely that we will need to replace the borrowed security at an unfavorable price. Investments in equity securities are subject to variation in their prices. The prices of equity securities we have invested in may fall over short or long periods of time. In addition, common equity represents a share of ownership of a company, and rank
    junior to debt and preferred equity in their claim on the Company’s assets in the event of bankruptcy. 43 Table






















            of Contents We may use leverage in our investment program, resulting in a greater risk of loss. We may use leverage in our investment program, including the use of borrowed funds and investments in certain types of options, such as puts, calls and warrants, which may be
    purchased for a fraction of the price of the underlying securities. While such strategies and techniques increase the opportunity to achieve higher returns on the amounts invested, they also increase the risk of loss. To the extent we purchase
    securities with borrowed funds, our net assets will tend to increase or decrease at a greater rate than if borrowed funds are not used. If the interest expense on borrowings were to exceed the net return on the portfolio securities purchased with
    borrowed funds, our use of leverage would result in a lower rate of return than if we were not leveraged. Investments in securities of other companies or issuers, including debt and equity instruments such as bonds, preferred or common shares, or convertible
      instruments, could cause us to incur losses or other expenses which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We currently own and may own in the future, investments in securities of companies or issuers including debt and equity instruments, which may include bonds, preferred or common
    shares, or convertible instruments. Certain of these investments may be traded on an exchange or other active market while other investments may not be actively traded and without a readily observable market price. With respect to investments traded on
    an exchange or other active market, the price of the underlying instrument may be quoted such that the market value of the instrument varies during a given trading day, or the price may be quoted less frequently. Adverse fluctuations in the value of
    these investments, whether market-generated or not, may be reflected as unrealized losses on our balance sheet depending on the type of investment and our accounting methodologies. We may choose to or be required to liquidate these investments in whole
    or in part and at prices that result in realized losses on our investment. Should we incur realized losses on liquidating these investments, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely impacted. Our investments in
    the securities of companies or issuers which are engaged in the real estate industry are also subject to risks associated with the investment in real estate generally. Our prediction‑market initiatives involve emerging technology and business models that are still in development and are subject to significant regulatory,
      operational, and market uncertainties. On October 28, 2025, we announced an exclusive arrangement with Crypto.com | Derivatives North America (CDNA), a CFTC-registered exchange and clearinghouse, to integrate prediction markets into Truth
      Social. Details of Truth Predict product offerings—and associated technology—remain in development. Prediction markets are a relatively new and evolving business area, and our platform, Truth Predict, is currently in a beta testing phase. There is significant uncertainty
    regarding user adoption, engagement, and platform integration through distribution partners such as CDNA, as well as the scalability of our business model. In addition, the regulatory and legal frameworks applicable to prediction markets are complex,
    evolving, and may involve overlapping federal and state oversight, including classification as derivatives, event contracts, or gambling under different jurisdictions. Any failure to successfully develop, integrate, or scale our platform, or to comply
    with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Risks Related to Our Digital Asset Treasury Strategy and Holdings Our bitcoin strategy exposes us to various risks, including risk associated with bitcoin. Our bitcoin strategy exposes us to various risks, including the following: Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset. Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset that has traded below $61,000 per bitcoin and above $126,000 per bitcoin
    in the past 12 months. The trading price of bitcoin significantly decreased during prior periods, and such declines may occur again in the future. Bitcoin does not pay interest or dividends. Bitcoin does not pay interest or other returns, and we can only generate cash from our bitcoin holdings if we sell our
      bitcoin or implement strategies to create income streams or otherwise generate cash by using our bitcoin holdings. Such strategies may include, without limitation, options-based acquisition strategies, lending or borrowing arrangements, and other
      derivative transactions, each of which would expose us to additional counterparty, market, liquidity, and regulatory risk beyond those associated with holding bitcoin directly. Even if we pursue any such strategies, we may be unable to create income
      streams or otherwise generate cash from our bitcoin holdings, and any such strategies may subject us to additional risks. 44 Table






















          of Contents Our bitcoin holdings may significantly impact our financial results and the market price of our listed securities. Our bitcoin holdings are expected to impact our financial results and the market price of our listed securities. If we continue to increase our overall holdings of bitcoin in the future, they will have an even greater impact. See “Risks Related to Our Digital Asset Strategy and Holdings—Our historical financial statements prior to September 30, 2025 do not reflect the potential variability in earnings that we may experience in the future relating
      to our bitcoin holdings.” Our assets will be concentrated in bitcoin. We expect that a large portion of our assets will be concentrated in our bitcoin holdings. The
    concentration of our assets in bitcoin limits our ability to mitigate risk that could otherwise be achieved by holding a more diversified portfolio of treasury assets. Our bitcoin strategy relies substantially on our ability to complete equity and debt financings. Substantially all of our bitcoin purchases have
    been made using proceeds from equity and debt financings. Our ability to achieve the objectives of our bitcoin strategy depends in significant part on our ability to obtain equity and debt financing. If we are unable to obtain equity or debt financing
    on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to successfully execute on our bitcoin strategy. Our bitcoin strategy has not been tested over an extended period of time or under all market conditions. We are continually examining the risks
    and rewards of our strategy to acquire and hold bitcoin. This strategy has not been tested over an extended period of time or under all market conditions. For example, although we believe bitcoin, due to its limited supply, has the potential to serve
    as a hedge against inflation in the long term, the short-term price of bitcoin declined in recent periods during which the inflation rate increased. If bitcoin prices were to decline or our bitcoin strategy otherwise proves unsuccessful, our financial
    condition, results of operations, and the market price of our listed securities would be materially adversely impacted. We are subject to counterparty risks, including in particular risks relating to our custodians. Although we have implemented various measures
    that are designed to mitigate our counterparty risks, including by storing substantially all of the bitcoin we own in custody accounts at U.S.-based, institutional-grade custodians and negotiating contractual arrangements intended to establish that our
    property interest in custodially-held bitcoin is not subject to claims of our custodians’ creditors, applicable insolvency law is not fully developed with respect to the holding of digital assets in custodial accounts. If our custodially-held bitcoin
    were nevertheless considered to be the property of our custodians’ estates in the event that any such custodians were to enter bankruptcy, receivership or similar insolvency proceedings, we could be treated as a general unsecured creditor of such
    custodians, inhibiting our ability to exercise ownership rights with respect to such bitcoin, or delaying or hindering our access to our bitcoin holdings, and this may ultimately result in the loss of the value related to some or all of such bitcoin,
    which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition as well as the market price of our listed securities. The broader digital assets industry is subject to counterparty risks, which could adversely impact the adoption rate, price, and use of bitcoin. A series of high-profile bankruptcies, closures, liquidations, regulatory enforcement actions and other events relating to companies operating in the digital asset industry in recent years have highlighted the counterparty risks applicable to owning
    and transacting in digital assets. Although these bankruptcies, closures, liquidations and other events have not resulted in any loss or misappropriation of our bitcoin, nor have such events adversely impacted our access to our bitcoin, they have, in
    the short-term, likely negatively impacted the adoption rate and use of bitcoin. Additional bankruptcies, closures, liquidations, regulatory enforcement actions or other events involving participants in the digital assets industry in the future may
    further negatively impact the adoption rate, price, and use of bitcoin, limit the availability to us of financing collateralized by bitcoin, or create or expose additional counterparty risks. Changes in the accounting treatment of our bitcoin holdings could have significant accounting impacts, including increasing the volatility of our
      results. We have adopted ASU 2023-08 as of January 1, 2025, which requires us to measure our bitcoin holdings at fair value in our statement of financial position, and to recognize gains and losses from changes in the fair value of our bitcoin
    in net income each reporting period. ASU 2023-08 requires us to provide certain interim and annual disclosures with respect to our bitcoin holdings. Due in particular to the volatility in the price of bitcoin, the adoption of ASU 2023-08 has materially
    impacted on our financial results, increased the volatility of our financial results, affected the carrying value of our bitcoin on our balance sheet, and we expect these impacts to continue. For example, we incurred an unrealized loss on digital
    assets of $340,602.9 for the year-ended December 31, 2025. Significant variances in gains and losses could occur in future periods. As described in greater detail under the risk factor heading “Unrealized fair value gains on our bitcoin holdings could
    cause us to become subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022,” ASU 2023-08 could also have adverse tax consequences. These impacts could in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial results
    and the market price of our listed securities. 45 Table






















          of Contents The broader digital assets industry, including the technology associated with digital assets, the rate of adoption and development of, and use cases for, digital assets, market
    perception of digital assets, and the legal, regulatory, and accounting treatment of digital assets are constantly developing and changing, and there may be additional risks in the future that are not possible to predict. We may be subject to additional risks related to our holdings of Cronos. Cronos is a volatile digital asset with a market structure and liquidity profile that can differ from digital assets with greater market capitalization, such as bitcoin.
    Significant price declines, changes in market-maker participation, exchange outages, or delistings could impair our ability to liquidate Cronos on acceptable terms or at all, adversely affecting our liquidity, results of operations, and the market
    price of our securities. Cronos’ value and trading liquidity are closely associated with the reputation of and interest in the Cronos blockchain ecosystem and its sponsors and service providers, such as
    Crypto.com. Adverse developments involving those parties—including business setbacks, policy changes, cybersecurity incidents, or regulator actions related to the Cronos network—could reduce demand for Cronos, restricting trading venues, or negatively
    affecting perceptions of the token and the Cronos network. Our Cronos position may represent a meaningful percentage of the daily trading volume of Cronos on certain exchanges. Any attempt to liquidate a significant portion of our Cronos holdings could
      itself move the market price materially, and we may be unable to liquidate our Cronos position at favorable prices or at all, particularly during periods of market stress or reduced liquidity. Changes to the Cronos network—whether technical, economic, or governance-related—may occur without our input and could negatively affect the value, usability, or structure of Cronos.
        Additionally, Cronos holdings face risks related to custody, security, and uncertain accounting or tax treatment, which could lead to financial loss or reporting challenges. As compared to more established digital assets like bitcoin, the
      Cronos network is governed by a more concentrated group of stakeholders. Decisions regarding tokenomics, inflation schedules, staking rewards, validator requirements, or network architecture may ultimately be made without our input or consent. Such
      changes could materially reduce the value, utility, or liquidity of our Cronos holdings. Any of the foregoing risks, individually or in the aggregate, could materially and adversely affect the value of our Cronos holdings, our business, financial condition, and results
    of operations, and the market price of our securities. Unrealized fair value gains on our bitcoin holdings could cause us to become subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax under the Inflation Reduction
      Act of 2022. The U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) in August 2022. Unless an exemption applies, the IRA imposes a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax (“CAMT”) on a
    corporation with respect to an initial tax year and subsequent tax years, if the average annual adjusted financial statement income (“AFSI”) for any consecutive three-tax-year period preceding the initial tax year exceeds $1 billion. On September 12, 2024, the Department of Treasury (the “Treasury”) and the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) issued proposed regulations with respect to the application of the CAMT
    (the ”2024 Proposed Regulations”). On July 30, 2025, a White House working group established by President Trump in January 2025 published a report on strengthening American leadership in digital financial technology, which called for the Department of
    the Treasury and the IRS to publish guidance addressing the determination of AFSI with respect to financial accounting for unrealized gains and losses on investment assets other than stock and partnership interests. On September 30, 2025, the Treasury and the IRS issued interim guidance (the “Interim Guidance”) which, in relevant part, clarifies that a corporation may disregard unrealized
    gains and losses on its digital asset holdings when computing AFSI for purposes of determining whether it is subject to the 15% CAMT under the IRA. The Treasury and IRS intend to issue revised proposed regulations similar to this Interim Guidance. In connection with the implementation of our bitcoin strategy, we adopted ASU 2023-08, which requires us to measure our bitcoin holdings at fair value in our statement of financial
    position, with gains and losses from changes in the fair value of our bitcoin recognized in net income each reporting period. When determining whether we are subject to CAMT and when calculating any related tax liability for an applicable tax year, the
    2024 Proposed Regulations provided that, among other adjustments, our AFSI must include this ratable amount in addition to any unrealized gains or losses reported in the applicable tax year. We previously disclosed that as a result of the enactment of the IRA and our adoption of ASU 2023-08, unless the IRA was amended or the 2024 Proposed Regulations with respect to CAMT, when
        finalized, were revised to provide relief (or other interim relief was granted), that we could become subject to the CAMT in future tax years. However, pursuant to the Interim Guidance, the Company now plans to exclude its unrealized gains and
        losses from the calculation of its AFSI for purposes of determining whether it is subject to CAMT. As a result, the Company no longer expects to become subject to CAMT due to unrealized gains on its bitcoin holdings. However, the Interim
      Guidance could be modified, narrowed, or withdrawn in future rulemaking. There can be no assurance that the final rules, when issued, will be consistent with the Interim Guidance or that such final rules will not subject us to CAMT. 46 Table






















          of Contents Whether we do become subject to the CAMT will depend on numerous factors outside of our control, including the publication of any additional interim or final guidance with respect
    to the CAMT or the calculation of AFSI, as well as the magnitude of our unrealized gains or losses on our bitcoin holdings for the year ending December 31, 2025, which in turn will depend on our bitcoin holdings and the market value of bitcoin as of
    that date. If we become subject to the CAMT, it could result in a material tax obligation that we would need to satisfy in cash, which could materially affect our financial results, including our earnings and cash flow, and our financial condition. Bitcoin and Cronos are highly volatile assets, and fluctuations in the price of bitcoin and Cronos are likely to influence our financial results and the
      market price of our listed securities. Bitcoin and Cronos are highly volatile assets, and fluctuations in the price of bitcoin and Cronos are likely to influence our financial results and the market price of our listed securities. Our
      financial results and the market price of our listed securities would be adversely affected, and our business and financial condition would be negatively impacted, if the price of bitcoin or Cronos decreased substantially (as it has in the past,
      including during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025), including as a result of: • decreased user and investor confidence in bitcoin and Cronos, including due to the various factors described herein; • investment and trading activities, such as (i) trading activities of highly active retail and institutional users, speculators, other companies executing a bitcoin strategy similar to ours, miners and other
              investors; (ii) actual or expected significant dispositions of digital assets by large holders, including the expected liquidation of digital assets seized by governments or associated with entities that have filed for bankruptcy protection,
              such as (a) the transfers of bitcoin to creditors of the hacked cryptocurrency exchange Mt. Gox which began in July 2024 and are due to be completed by October 2026, (b) the transfer of 94,643 bitcoin to Bitfinex following proceedings related
              to a 2016 hack of its platform, and (c) potential sales of 69,370 bitcoin seized from the Silk Road marketplace by the U.S. Department of Justice; and (iii) actual or perceived manipulation of the spot or derivative markets for bitcoin,
              Cronos or spot bitcoin exchange-traded products (ETPs); • negative publicity, media or social media coverage, or sentiment due to events in or relating to, or perception of, bitcoin, Cronos or the broader digital assets industry, including, for example, (i) public
              perception that bitcoin can be used as a vehicle to circumvent sanctions, including sanctions imposed on Russia or certain regions related to the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, or to fund criminal or terrorist activities, such
              as the purported use of digital assets by Hamas to fund its terrorist attack against Israel in October 2023; (ii), expected or pending civil, criminal, regulatory enforcement or other high-profile actions against major participants in the
              bitcoin ecosystem, including the SEC’s previous enforcement action against Binance Holdings Ltd.; (iii) additional filings for bankruptcy protection or bankruptcy proceedings of major digital asset industry participants, such as the
              bankruptcy proceeding of FTX Trading and its affiliates; (iv) the actual or perceived environmental impact of bitcoin and related activities, including environmental concerns raised by private individuals, governmental and non-governmental
              organizations, and other actors related to the energy resources consumed in the bitcoin mining process; and (v) activities relating to other cryptocurrencies, including “meme coins”; • changes in consumer preferences and the perceived value or long-term prospects of bitcoin, Cronos and other digital assets; • developments affecting other companies pursuing a bitcoin strategy similar to ours, such as the abandonment of the strategy by such other companies, the failure by such other companies to satisfy their debt or
              other financial obligations, market concerns as to the viability or creditworthiness of such other companies, the loss or disposition of substantial digital assets by such other companies, regulatory or legal judgments or actions against such
              other companies due to their adoption of a bitcoin strategy, or any other similar actions or negative outcomes impacting such other companies, whether due to any of the various

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components for TMTG’s data centers and other technical infrastructure in a timely and cost‑effective manner; • system failures or breaches of security or privacy; • inaccessibility of the Truth ecosystem due to third‑party actions; • adverse litigation judgments, settlements, or other litigation‑related costs; 35 Table






















          of Contents • changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including with respect to privacy, or enforcement by government regulators, including fines, orders, or consent decrees; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates and changes in the proportion of TMTG’s revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currencies; • fluctuations in the market values of TMTG’s portfolio investments and in interest rates; • changes in U.S. GAAP; and • changes in business or macroeconomic conditions. If TMTG’s security measures are breached, or if TMTG’s products and services are subject to attacks that degrade or deny the ability of users to access TMTG’s
    products and services, TMTG’s products and services may be perceived as not being secure, users and advertisers may curtail or stop using TMTG’s products and services and TMTG’s business and operating results could be harmed. TMTG’s industry is prone to cyber-attacks by third parties seeking unauthorized access to TMTG’s data, TMTG’s users’ data, or TMTG’s advertisers’ data. In addition, computer
    malware, viruses, social engineering (such as spear phishing attacks), scraping, and general hacking continue to be prevalent in TMTG’s industry and are likely to occur on TMTG’s systems in the future. TMTG’s products and services involve the storage
    and transmission of users’ and advertisers’ information, and security breaches expose it to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and potential liability. TMTG may experience cyber-attacks and other cybersecurity risks of varying degrees on a
    regular basis, and as a result, unauthorized parties may obtain access to TMTG’s data or TMTG’s users’ or advertisers’ data. TMTG’s security measures may also be breached due to employee error, malfeasance or otherwise. Additionally, outside parties
    may attempt to fraudulently induce employees, users or advertisers to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to TMTG’s data or TMTG’s users’ or advertisers’ data or accounts, or may otherwise obtain access to such data or accounts.
    Since TMTG’s users and advertisers may use their Truth Social accounts to establish and maintain online identities, unauthorized communications from Truth Social accounts that have been compromised may damage their reputations and brands as well as
    TMTG’s. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to TMTG’s reputation and a loss of confidence in the security of TMTG’s products and services that could have an adverse effect on TMTG’s
    business and operating results. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service or sabotage systems change frequently and often are not recognized until launched against a target, TMTG may be unable to anticipate
    these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of TMTG’s security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of TMTG’s security measures could be harmed, TMTG could lose users and advertisers
    and TMTG may incur significant legal and financial exposure, including legal claims and regulatory fines and penalties. Any of these actions could have a material and adverse effect on TMTG’s business, reputation, and operating results. TMTG may rely in part on application marketplaces and internet search engines to drive traffic to TMTG’s products and services, and if TMTG fails to appear high
    up in the search results or rankings, traffic to Truth Social and Truth+ could decline and TMTG’s business and operating results could be adversely affected. Although TMTG offers a web application for Truth Social and Truth+, TMTG may rely on application marketplaces, such as Apple’s App Store and Google’s Play Store, to drive downloads
    of TMTG’s mobile application. In the future, Apple, Google, or other operators of application marketplaces may make changes to their marketplaces which make access to TMTG’s products and services more difficult or impossible. Additionally, third
    parties may attempt to pressure Apple and Google to remove Truth Social from their application marketplaces, and such removal may constitute a force majeure event under the operative version of TMTG’s License Agreement with President Donald J. Trump
    (the “License Agreement”), which allows TMTG to use “Trump Media & Technology Group Corp.” as its name and to use the name and likeness of President Donald J. Trump, subject to certain limitations. Such a force majeure event may relieve President
    Donald J. Trump of any obligation to post on or otherwise use Truth Social for so long as such event continues. 36 Table






















          of Contents TMTG may also depend in part on internet search engines, such as Google, Bing, and Yahoo!, to drive traffic to Truth Social and Truth+. For example, when a user types an inquiry
    into a search engine, TMTG may rely on a high organic search result ranking of TMTG’s web pages in these search results to refer the user to Truth Social. However, TMTG’s ability to maintain high organic search result rankings is not within TMTG’s
    control. TMTG’s competitors’ search engine optimization (“SEO”) efforts may result in their websites receiving a higher search result page ranking than TMTG’s, or internet search engines could revise their methodologies in a way that would adversely
    affect TMTG’s search result rankings. For example, Google has integrated its social networking offerings, including Google+, with certain of its products, including search, which could negatively impact the organic search ranking of TMTG’s web pages.
    If internet search engines modify their search algorithms in ways that are detrimental to us, or if TMTG’s competitors’ SEO efforts are more successful than TMTG’s, the growth in Truth Social’s and Truth+’s user base could slow. TMTG anticipates
    fluctuations in search result rankings in the future. Any reduction in the number of users directed to TMTG’s mobile applications or website through application marketplaces and search engines could harm TMTG’s business and operating results. More people are using devices other than personal computers to access the internet and new platforms to produce and consume content, and TMTG needs to promote
    the adoption of TMTG’s mobile applications, and TMTG’s business and operating results may be harmed if TMTG is unable to do so. The number of people who access the internet through devices other than personal computers, including mobile phones, smartphones, handheld computers such as net books and tablets,
    video game consoles and television set-top devices, has increased dramatically in the past few years. There are 8.6 billion mobile phones worldwide in 2025. Since TMTG may generate a majority of TMTG’s advertising revenue through users on mobile
    devices, TMTG must continue to drive adoption of TMTG’s mobile applications. In addition, mobile users frequently change or upgrade their mobile devices. TMTG’s business and operating results may be harmed if TMTG’s users do not install Truth Social
    application when they change or upgrade their mobile device. In addition, as new devices and platforms are continually being released, users may consume content in a manner that is more difficult to monetize. It is difficult to predict the problems
    TMTG may encounter in adapting TMTG’s products and services and developing competitive new products and services that are compatible with new devices or platforms. If TMTG is unable to develop products and services that are compatible with new devices
    and platforms, or if TMTG is unable to drive continued adoption of TMTG’s mobile applications, TMTG’s business and operating results may be harmed. TMTG’s business is dependent on its ability to maintain and scale TMTG’s technical infrastructure, and any significant disruption in TMTG’s service could damage
    TMTG’s reputation, result in a potential loss of users and engagement, and adversely affect TMTG’s financial results. TMTG’s reputation and ability to attract, retain and serve TMTG’s users is dependent upon the reliable performance of Truth Social and TMTG’s underlying technical infrastructure.
    TMTG’s systems may not be adequately designed with the necessary reliability and redundancy to avoid performance delays or outages or service disruptions that could be harmful to TMTG’s business. If any part of the Truth ecosystem is unavailable when
    users attempt to access it, or if it does not load as quickly as they expect, users may not return to TMTG’s website as often in the future, or at all. As TMTG’s user base and the amount and types of information shared on the Truth ecosystem continue
    to grow, TMTG will need an increasing amount of technical infrastructure, including network capacity, and computing power, to continue to satisfy the needs of TMTG’s users. It is possible that TMTG may fail to effectively scale and grow TMTG’s
    technical infrastructure to accommodate these increased demands. In addition, as stated above, TMTG’s business is subject to interruptions, delays, or failures resulting from earthquakes, other natural disasters, terrorism, or other catastrophic
    events. A substantial portion of TMTG’s network infrastructure will be provided by third parties. Any disruption or failure in the services TMTG receives from these providers could harm
    TMTG’s ability to handle new or increased traffic and could significantly harm TMTG’s business. Any financial or other difficulties these providers face may adversely affect TMTG’s business, and TMTG exercise little control over these providers, which
    increases TMTG’s vulnerability to problems with the services they provide. TMTG’s software is highly technical, and if it contains undetected errors, TMTG’s business could be adversely affected. TMTG’s business and operating results
    may be harmed by a disruption in TMTG’s service, or by TMTG’s failure to timely and effectively scale and adapt TMTG’s existing technology and infrastructure. One of the reasons people will come to Truth Social and Truth+ is for real-time information. TMTG in the future may experience service disruptions, outages, and other performance
    problems due to a variety of factors, including infrastructure changes, human or software errors, hardware failure, capacity constraints due to an overwhelming number of people accessing TMTG’s products and services simultaneously, computer viruses and
    denial of service or fraud or security attacks. Although TMTG will invest significantly to improve the capacity, capability, and reliability of TMTG’s infrastructure, TMTG cannot guarantee that TMTG will serve all traffic equally through data centers
    that support TMTG’s platform. Accordingly, in the event of a significant issue at a data center supporting significant network traffic, some of TMTG’s products and services may become inaccessible to the public or the public may experience difficulties
    accessing TMTG’s products and services. Any disruption or failure in TMTG’s infrastructure could hinder TMTG’s ability to handle existing or increased traffic on TMTG’s platform, which could significantly harm TMTG’s business. 37 Table






















          of Contents As the number of TMTG’s users increases and TMTG’s users generate more content, including photos and videos hosted by Truth Social and Truth+, TMTG may be required to expand and
    adapt TMTG’s technology and infrastructure to continue to reliably store, serve and analyze this content. It may become increasingly difficult to maintain and improve the performance of TMTG’s products and services, especially during peak usage times,
    as TMTG’s products and services become more complex and TMTG’s user traffic increases. In addition, because TMTG may lease TMTG’s data center facilities, TMTG cannot be assured that TMTG will be able to expand TMTG’s data center infrastructure to meet
    user demand in a timely manner, or on favorable economic terms. If TMTG users are unable to access Truth Social or Truth+, or TMTG is not able to make information available rapidly on Truth Social or Truth+, users may seek other channels to obtain the
    information, and may not return to Truth Social or use Truth Social as often in the future, or at all. This would negatively impact TMTG’s ability to attract users and advertisers and increase engagement of TMTG’s users. TMTG expects to continue to
    make significant investments to maintain and improve the capacity, capability, and reliability of TMTG’s infrastructure. To the extent that TMTG does not effectively address capacity constraints, upgrade TMTG’s systems as needed and continually develop
    TMTG’s technology and infrastructure to accommodate actual and anticipated changes in technology, TMTG’s business and operating results may be harmed. TMTG’s products may incorporate software that is highly technical and complex. TMTG’s software may now or in the future contain, undetected errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities. Some
    errors in TMTG’s software code may only be discovered after the code has been released. Any errors, bugs, or vulnerabilities discovered in TMTG’s code after release could result in damage to TMTG’s reputation, loss of users, loss of revenue, or
    liability for damages, any of which could adversely affect TMTG’s business and financial results. Computer malware, viruses, hacking, and phishing attacks, scamming and spamming could harm TMTG’s business and results of operations. Excessive scamming
    activity or spam could diminish the user experience on TMTG’s platform, which could damage TMTG’s reputation and deter TMTG’s current and potential users from using TMTG’s products and services. Computer malware, viruses, hacking, and phishing attacks have become more prevalent in TMTG’s industry and may occur on TMTG’s systems in the future. In addition, scammers may use
    TMTG’s platforms to initiate or conduct fraudulent or dishonest schemes to gain money or possessions from Truth Social users. Because of TMTG’s prominence, and the prominence of President Donald J. Trump in TMTG, TMTG believes that TMTG is a
    particularly attractive target for such attacks. Though it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption or attack, any failure to maintain performance, reliability, security, and availability of TMTG’s
    products and technical infrastructure to the satisfaction of TMTG’s users may harm TMTG’s reputation and TMTG’s ability to retain existing users and attract new users. “Spam” on Truth Social refers to a range of abusive activities that are prohibited by TMTG’s terms of service and is generally defined as unsolicited, repeated actions that
    negatively impact other users with the general goal of drawing user attention to a given account, site, product or idea. This includes posting large numbers of unsolicited mentions of a user, duplicating content, misleading links (e.g., to malware or
    click- jacking pages) or other false or misleading content, and aggressively following and un-following accounts, adding users to lists, sending invitations, retruthing and favoriting content to inappropriately attract attention. TMTG’s terms of
    service also prohibit the creation of serial or bulk accounts, using automation, for disruptive or abusive purposes, such as to truth spam or to artificially inflate the popularity of users seeking to promote themselves on Truth Social. Although TMTG
    will continue to invest resources to reduce scammer activity and spam on Truth Social, TMTG expects scammers and spammers will continue to seek ways to act inappropriately on TMTG’s platform. In addition, TMTG expects that increases in the number of
    users on TMTG’s platform will result in increased efforts by scammers and spammers to misuse TMTG’s platform. TMTG cannot guarantee that TMTG will successfully and continuously combat scammers and spam, including by suspending or terminating accounts
    TMTG believes to be spammers and launching algorithmic changes focused on curbing abusive activities. TMTG’s actions to combat scammers and spam require the diversion of significant time and focus of TMTG’s engineering team from improving TMTG’s
    products and services. If scammer activity or spam increases on Truth Social, this could hurt TMTG’s reputation for delivering relevant content or reduce user growth and user engagement and result in continuing operational cost to us. 38 Table






















          of Contents In addition, spammers attempt to use TMTG’s products to send targeted and untargeted spam messages to users, which may embarrass or annoy users and make Truth Social less
    user-friendly. TMTG cannot be certain that the technologies and employees tasked with defeating spamming attacks will be able to eliminate all spam messages from being sent on TMTG’s platform. As a result of spamming activities, TMTG’s users may use
    Truth Social less or stop using TMTG’s products altogether. Misleading solicitations and digital advertisements, including solicitations that are unaffiliated with TMTG, could harm TMTG’s credibility or reputation. Third-party Truth Social and Truth+ advertisers may seek to express or imply the endorsement of TMTG or President Donald J. Trump in circumstances where no such endorsement exists.
    People may solicit customers to Truth products, or purport to solicit customers to Truth products, without TMTG’s knowledge and may even get paid in the process. For example, the fundraising committee of a U.S. Senator’s campaign has sent several email
    solicitations which claim to be an exclusive opportunity to sign up for a “brand-new social site” launched by President Donald J. Trump. The email solicitations specifically urge their recipients to donate campaign funds with the message, “please don’t
    be the reason Trump’s social site fails.” Misleading solicitations could adversely impact TMTG’s user base, which may find them undesirable. It is possible that there are or will be more misleading advertisements or solicitations claiming affiliation
    with TMTG. If these misleading solicitations and ads damage the reputation of TMTG or the desire of people to use Truth Social, TMTG’s results of operations may be adversely affected. Bot networks could disrupt Truth Social’s operations or degrade the Truth Social’s user experience. Bots-software applications that are programmed to do certain tasks and imitate the behavior of humans-often attempt to proliferate on social media networks. TMTG prioritizes
    preventing, detecting, and eliminating bots from Truth Social. If these efforts are unsuccessful, bots could pose significant challenges to the smooth technical operation of the platform, impact the accuracy of certain data that TMTG may collect
    regarding user statistics, or degrade Truth Social’s user experience, which seeks to promote genuine interaction among humans. TMTG plans to expand its operations abroad where TMTG has limited operating experience and may be subject to increased business and economic risks that could
    affect TMTG’s financial results. TMTG plans to continue expanding TMTG’s business operations by offering TMTG’s products around the globe. TMTG has recently entered new international markets where TMTG has limited
    or no experience in marketing, selling, and deploying TMTG’s products. If TMTG fails to deploy or manage its operations in international markets successfully, its business may suffer. In addition, TMTG is subject to a variety of risks inherent in doing
    business internationally, including: • political, social, or economic instability; • risks related to the legal and regulatory environment in foreign jurisdictions, including with respect to privacy, and unexpected changes in laws, regulatory requirements, and enforcement; • potential damage to TMTG’s brand and reputation due to compliance with local laws, including potential censorship or requirements to provide user information to local authorities; • fluctuations in currency exchange rates; • higher levels of credit risk and payment fraud; • enhanced difficulties of integrating any foreign acquisitions; • burdens of complying with a variety of foreign laws; • reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; • difficulties in staffing and managing global operations and the increased travel, infrastructure, and legal compliance costs associated with multiple international locations; • compliance with the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar laws in other jurisdictions; and • compliance with statutory equity requirements and management of tax consequences. If TMTG is unable to manage the complexity of its global operations successfully, its financial results could be adversely affected. 39 Table






















          of Contents TMTG plans to continue making acquisitions that could require significant management attention, disrupt its business, acquire new capital, result in dilution to
    its stockholders, and adversely affect its financial results. As a key part of its business strategy, TMTG is, and intends to continue, evaluating certain acquisitions of business and/or technologies. Such acquisitions might entail the
    addition and/or combination or employees, companies, products, services, technologies and/or entire businesses or business units that may function as new subsidiaries of TMTG. However, prior to its acquisition of WCT, TMTG had not previously completed
    any such strategic transaction. As a result, its ability to successfully acquire and integrate assets or larger or more significant companies, products, or technologies is unproven. As such, TMTG may struggle to leverage resources effectively to
    capitalize on the benefits of an acquisition and execute its business plan. Furthermore, in the future, TMTG may not be able to find other suitable acquisition candidates and complete acquisitions on favorable terms or at all. TMTG’s future
    acquisitions may not achieve its goals, and any future acquisitions that TMTG completes could be viewed negatively by users, developers, advertisers, or investors. If TMTG fails to successfully integrate assets or entities, or the technologies associated with any of its acquisitions, into the Truth ecosystem, or any future product offerings,
    the revenue and operating results of TMTG could be adversely affected. Any integration process may require significant time and resources, and TMTG may not be able to manage the process successfully. TMTG may not successfully evaluate or utilize the
    acquired technology or personnel, or accurately forecast the financial impact of an acquisition transaction, including accounting charges. TMTG may have to pay cash, incur debt, or continue to issue equity securities to pay for any such acquisition,
    any of which could adversely affect TMTG’s financial results. The sale of equity or issuance of debt to finance any such acquisitions could dilute existing TMTG’s stockholders. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations
    and could also include covenants or other restrictions that would impede TMTG’s ability to manage TMTG’s operations. TMTG depends on numerous third-parties to operate successfully, and many of these third parties may not want to engage with TMTG to provide any services. This
    may limit TMTG’s ability to operate, raise capital, or generate revenue. To operate successfully, TMTG relies on third parties to provide services such as web hosting, content monitoring and technology development. TMTG also partners with third parties
    to provide various non-technical business services, and generates revenue from third-party advertisers who place advertisements on Truth Social via TMTG’s advertising partners. To date, several potential and former third-party partners have expressed
    an unwillingness or reluctance to work or continue working on TMTG’s products or provide services for reasons including TMTG’s connection with President Donald J. Trump. To the extent TMTG needs to raise additional capital or generate additional
    advertising revenue, TMTG will need to engage with lawyers, accountants, financial institutions, investment bankers, and/or prospective advertisers, and it is possible that some third parties will refuse to engage with TMTG. If TMTG is unable to
    successfully engage third parties, TMTG’s ability to develop and improve its products, raise additional capital, or generate advertising revenue will be limited. Additionally, if current technical or non-technical service providers discontinue an
    existing relationship with TMTG, such discontinuity could disrupt or cause inconvenience to TMTG’s business operations until replacement service providers are identified and engaged. If TMTG encounters issues with the rollout and implementation of its streaming content plans, TMTG may delay or decide not to fully implement the service, which
    may affect TMTG’s growth strategy and operations. On July 3, 2024, TMTG, WCT, Solutions and JedTec entered into the Asset Acquisition Agreement, as well as ancillary agreements relating to streaming technology with WCT and its
    affiliates, pursuant to which WCT assigned TMTG an irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual right and license to forever retain, copy, reproduce, use, modify, enhance, create modifications and derivative works of, display, distribute, perform,
    compile, execute, sublicense, and otherwise exploit the Source Code and all resulting compiled software for commercial exploitation. In addition, Perception and its affiliates agreed not to use or permit other parties to use the source code until
    August 9, 2029 for any purpose that competes, in the United States, with the Truth platform or commercialization of such source code in the United States. The transaction closed on August 9, 2024. 40 Table






















          of Contents TMTG plans to roll out its streaming content in three phases: Phase 1: Introduce Truth Social’s content CDN for streaming live TV to the Truth Social app for Android, iOS, and Web.
    On August 7, 2024, TMTG announced that TV streaming had become available via all three modalities. Phase 2: Release stand-alone Truth Social over-the-top streaming apps for phones, tablets, and other devices. As of October 21, 2024, TMTG had announced
    that Truth+ streaming had been released as a standalone product on Android, iOS, and Web. Phase 3: Release Truth Social streaming apps for home TV. As of October 23, 2024, TMTG had announced that Truth+ streaming had been released on Apple TV, Android
    TV, and Amazon Fire TV. As part of the roll out of Truth+, TMTG obtained data center services and related equipment for the project. On March 19, 2025 and May 22, 2025, respectively, TMTG announced the release of Truth+ streaming and on-demand content
    via Roku. On April 9, 2025, TMTG announced that the Truth+ mobile and streaming TV applications had been made available in Canada and Mexico, as well as the United States. On July 7, 2025, TMTG announced the successful launch of global streaming. Since
    the initial launch of Truth+, TMTG has steadily added both on-demand content and live 24-hour news streams. TMTG is actively developing various means of monetizing the Truth+ platform, including through advertising. On July 9, 2025, TMTG announced the
    public beta testing of a subscription plan with premium content, the Patriot Package—and that, in the future, Patriot Package subscribers will accumulate Truth gems, which will eventually be tied to a utility token on both Truth Social and Truth+. On
    August 7, 2025, TMTG announced that Truth+ launched a slate of on-demand content from the Great American Media broadcaster—home to a wide array of programming and brands, spanning faith, comedies, dramas, classic series, lifestyle content, and more,
    and on August 7, 2025, TMTG announced that Truth+ has added British news broadcaster GB News to the Truth+ platform. TMTG began generating revenue from this technology during 2025, upon the successful implementation of all three phases and launch of the Patriot Package. The foregoing revenue generation expectations are preliminary and depend on several factors, many of which are outside of TMTG’s control, including TMTG’s ability to generate
    revenue its CDN technology. This may depend on TMTG’s ability to develop, integrate and effectively capitalize on the benefits of such technology, and successfully complete beta testing. Any delays or challenges in these areas could materially affect
    the timeline and/or implementation of the CDN technology. If TMTG is unable to address these challenges effectively, it could result in significant delays, increased costs, and the inability to meet revenue timeline expectations. Any of these risks may
    lead to TMTG deciding to cease the implementation of the rollout of TMTG’s streaming content and CDN technology altogether, which would have a material adverse effect on TMTG’s growth strategy and may result in an adverse effect on the results and
    operations of TMTG. The success of Truth.Fi will be dependent in part on TMTG’s ability to properly roll out services, gain market adoption and regulatory approvals. The success of Truth.Fi will depend on the ability of TMTG and/or its partners to successfully roll out its planned financial services products; construct customized separately
    managed accounts and customized exchange traded funds, and other investment vehicles; obtain required regulatory approvals, licenses and permits; and to gain market adoption and consumer interest. If TMTG is not able to develop Truth.Fi as planned, it
    may adversely affect TMTG’s business, operations and financial condition. The loss of key personnel or the inability of replacements to quickly and successfully perform in their new roles could adversely affect TMTG’s business. TMTG depends on the leadership and experience of its relatively small number of key executive management personnel, including its CEO. Any departure of key personnel or significant
    diversion of management attention away from ongoing business concerns and any difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could have a material adverse effect on TMTG’s business, financial condition and results of operations. The
    loss of the services of these key employees or TMTG’s executive management members could have a material adverse effect on TMTG’s business and prospects, as TMTG may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace such personnel on a timely basis
    or without incurring increased costs. Furthermore, if TMTG loses or terminates the services of one or more of its key employees or if one or more of TMTG’s current or former executives or key employees joins a competitor or otherwise competes with
    TMTG, it could impair TMTG’s business and its ability to successfully implement TMTG’s business plan. Additionally, if TMTG is unable to hire qualified replacements for its executive and other key positions in a timely fashion, its ability to execute
    its business plan would be harmed. Even if TMTG can quickly hire qualified replacements, TMTG could experience operational disruptions and inefficiencies during any such transition. TMTG believes that its future success will depend on its continued
    ability to attract and retain highly skilled and qualified personnel. 41 Table






















          of Contents In addition, many of TMTG’s key technologies and systems will be custom-made for TMTG’s business by TMTG’s personnel. The loss of key engineering, product development, marketing
    and sales personnel could disrupt TMTG’s operations and have an adverse effect on TMTG’s business. As TMTG continues to grow, TMTG cannot guarantee that it will continue to attract the personnel it needs to maintain its competitive position. In particular, TMTG intends to hire
    additional technically-skilled personnel, and TMTG expects to face significant competition from other companies in hiring such personnel. As TMTG matures, the incentives to attract, retain and motivate employees provided by TMTG’s equity awards or by
    future arrangements, such as through cash bonuses, may not be effective. If TMTG does not succeed in attracting, hiring and integrating excellent personnel, or retaining and motivating existing personnel, TMTG may be unable to grow effectively. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about TMTG’s business, if they change their recommendations regarding TMTG common stock or
    if TMTG’s operating results do not meet their expectations, the TMTG common stock price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for TMTG common stock will depend in part on the research and reports that securities or industry analysts publish about TMTG or its businesses. If no securities
    or industry analysts commence coverage of TMTG, the trading price for TMTG common stock could be negatively impacted. In the event securities or industry analysts initiate coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover TMTG downgrade its securities
    or publish unfavorable research about its businesses, or if TMTG’s operating results do not meet analyst expectations, the trading price of TMTG common stock would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease coverage of TMTG or fail to
    publish reports on TMTG regularly, demand for TMTG’s Common Stock could decrease, which might cause TMTG’s common stock price and trading volume to decline. Economic downturns and market conditions beyond TMTG’s control could adversely affect its business, financial condition and operating results. TMTG’s business depends on the overall demand for advertising and on the economic health of advertisers that benefit from Truth Social. Economic downturns or unstable market
    conditions may cause advertisers to decrease their advertising budgets, which could reduce spend with Truth Social and adversely affect TMTG’s business, financial condition and operating results. For example, to the extent there is a disruption in
    economic activity globally, it could adversely affect TMTG’s business, financial condition and operating results through prolonged decreases in advertising spend, credit deterioration of TMTG’s customers, depressed economic activity, or declines in
    capital markets. TMTG’s business is subject to the risks of earthquakes, fire, power outages, floods, and other catastrophic events, and to interruption by man-made problems
    such as terrorism. A significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, fire, flood, cyber-attacks, terrorism, geopolitical conflict or significant power outage could have a material adverse impact
    on TMTG’s business, operating results, and financial condition. TMTG does not carry business interruption insurance sufficient to compensate TMTG for the potentially significant losses, including the potential harm to TMTG’s business that may result
    from interruptions in TMTG’s ability to provide TMTG’s products and services. TMTG carries a large amount of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and short-term investments on its balance sheet, which could expose it to additional risks. TMTG has carried and may continue to carry a large amount of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and short-term investments on its balance sheet. As of December 31, 2025, TMTG has approximately
      $470.9 million of cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash, and short-term investments. As of the date of this Annual Report, TMTG holds such assets in cash and other low-risk investments from which it may interest income commensurate with prevailing
      rates. If interest rates decline, TMTG’s interest income could decrease materially. In addition, the amount of our cash assets may exceed the amount of the FDIC’s deposit insurance, exposing us to additional losses or failures in the banking system. We may invest in or write options on securities, which may result in our bearing the risk of loss should the underlying security change in value during the
      life of the option. There are several risks associated with transactions in options on securities. For example, there are significant differences between the securities and options markets that could
    result in an imperfect correlation between these markets, causing a given transaction not to achieve its objectives. A transaction in options or securities may be unsuccessful to some degree because of market behavior or unexpected events. 42 Table






















          of Contents When we write a covered call option, we forgo, during the option’s life, the opportunity to profit from increases in the market value of the security covering the call option above
    the sum of the premium and the strike price of the call, but retain the risk of loss should the price of the underlying security decline. The writer of an option has no control over the time when it may be required to fulfill its obligation and once an
    option writer has received an exercise notice, it must deliver the underlying security in exchange for the strike price. When we write a covered put option, we bear the risk of loss if the value of the underlying stock declines below the exercise price minus the put premium. If the option is
    exercised, we could incur a loss if we are required to purchase the stock underlying the put option at a price greater than the market price of the stock at the time of exercise plus the put premium we received when we wrote the option. While our
    potential gain in writing a covered put option is limited to distributions earned on the liquid assets securing the put option plus the premium received from the purchaser of the put option, we risk a loss equal to the entire exercise price of the
    option minus the put premium. We may enter into reverse repurchase transactions, which are subject to the risk that the securities subject to such repurchase transaction may decline in
      value or that securities purchased with the proceeds of such reverse repurchase transaction will decline in value below the market value of the securities we are required to repurchase. We may enter into reverse repurchase transactions with banks and securities dealers. A reverse repurchase transaction is a repurchase transaction in which we are the seller of,
    rather than the investor in, securities or other assets and agree to repurchase them at a date certain or on demand. Use of a reverse repurchase transaction may be preferable to a regular sale and later repurchase of securities or other assets because
    it avoids certain market risks and transaction costs. Reverse repurchase transactions involve the risk that the market value of securities and/or other assets purchased by us with the proceeds received by us in connection with such reverse repurchase
    transactions may decline below the market value of the securities we are obligated to repurchase under such reverse repurchase transactions. They also involve the risk that the counterparty liquidates the securities delivered to it by us under the
    reverse repurchase agreement following the occurrence of an event of default under the reverse repurchase agreement by us. At the time when we enter into a reverse repurchase transactions, liquid securities (cash) of ours having a value at least as
    great as the purchase price of the securities to be purchased are expected to be segregated on our books throughout the period of the obligation. From time to time, we may engage in the short sale of securities, which involves the risk of significant loss in the event the price of the borrowed
      securities appreciates before the short position closes out. From time to time, we may engage in the short sale of securities, which involves the risk of significant loss in the event the price of the borrowed securities appreciates before
    the short position closes out. Short sales by us that are not made where there is an offsetting long position in the asset that it is being sold short theoretically involve unlimited loss potential since the market price of securities sold short may
    continuously increase. Short selling allows us to profit from declines in market prices to the extent such decline exceeds the transaction costs and costs of borrowing the securities. However, since the borrowed securities must be replaced by purchases
    at market prices in order to close out the short position, any appreciation in the price of the borrowed securities would result in a loss. Purchasing securities to close out the short position can cause the price of securities to rise further, thereby
    exacerbating the loss. We may mitigate such losses by replacing the securities sold short before the market price has increased significantly. Under adverse market conditions, we might have difficulty purchasing securities to meet margin calls on its
    short sale delivery obligations, and might have to sell portfolio securities to raise the capital necessary to meet its short sale obligations at a time when fundamental investment considerations would not favor such sales. If other short positions of the same security are closed out at the same time, a “short squeeze” can occur where demand exceeds the supply for the security sold short. A short
    squeeze makes it more likely that we will need to replace the borrowed security at an unfavorable price. Investments in equity securities are subject to variation in their prices. The prices of equity securities we have invested in may fall over short or long periods of time. In addition, common equity represents a share of ownership of a company, and rank
    junior to debt and preferred equity in their claim on the Company’s assets in the event of bankruptcy. 43 Table






















            of Contents We may use leverage in our investment program, resulting in a greater risk of loss. We may use leverage in our investment program, including the use of borrowed funds and investments in certain types of options, such as puts, calls and warrants, which may be
    purchased for a fraction of the price of the underlying securities. While such strategies and techniques increase the opportunity to achieve higher returns on the amounts invested, they also increase the risk of loss. To the extent we purchase
    securities with borrowed funds, our net assets will tend to increase or decrease at a greater rate than if borrowed funds are not used. If the interest expense on borrowings were to exceed the net return on the portfolio securities purchased with
    borrowed funds, our use of leverage would result in a lower rate of return than if we were not leveraged. Investments in securities of other companies or issuers, including debt and equity instruments such as bonds, preferred or common shares, or convertible
      instruments, could cause us to incur losses or other expenses which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows. We currently own and may own in the future, investments in securities of companies or issuers including debt and equity instruments, which may include bonds, preferred or common
    shares, or convertible instruments. Certain of these investments may be traded on an exchange or other active market while other investments may not be actively traded and without a readily observable market price. With respect to investments traded on
    an exchange or other active market, the price of the underlying instrument may be quoted such that the market value of the instrument varies during a given trading day, or the price may be quoted less frequently. Adverse fluctuations in the value of
    these investments, whether market-generated or not, may be reflected as unrealized losses on our balance sheet depending on the type of investment and our accounting methodologies. We may choose to or be required to liquidate these investments in whole
    or in part and at prices that result in realized losses on our investment. Should we incur realized losses on liquidating these investments, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely impacted. Our investments in
    the securities of companies or issuers which are engaged in the real estate industry are also subject to risks associated with the investment in real estate generally. Our prediction‑market initiatives involve emerging technology and business models that are still in development and are subject to significant regulatory,
      operational, and market uncertainties. On October 28, 2025, we announced an exclusive arrangement with Crypto.com | Derivatives North America (CDNA), a CFTC-registered exchange and clearinghouse, to integrate prediction markets into Truth
      Social. Details of Truth Predict product offerings—and associated technology—remain in development. Prediction markets are a relatively new and evolving business area, and our platform, Truth Predict, is currently in a beta testing phase. There is significant uncertainty
    regarding user adoption, engagement, and platform integration through distribution partners such as CDNA, as well as the scalability of our business model. In addition, the regulatory and legal frameworks applicable to prediction markets are complex,
    evolving, and may involve overlapping federal and state oversight, including classification as derivatives, event contracts, or gambling under different jurisdictions. Any failure to successfully develop, integrate, or scale our platform, or to comply
    with applicable legal and regulatory requirements, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition. Risks Related to Our Digital Asset Treasury Strategy and Holdings Our bitcoin strategy exposes us to various risks, including risk associated with bitcoin. Our bitcoin strategy exposes us to various risks, including the following: Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset. Bitcoin is a highly volatile asset that has traded below $61,000 per bitcoin and above $126,000 per bitcoin
    in the past 12 months. The trading price of bitcoin significantly decreased during prior periods, and such declines may occur again in the future. Bitcoin does not pay interest or dividends. Bitcoin does not pay interest or other returns, and we can only generate cash from our bitcoin holdings if we sell our
      bitcoin or implement strategies to create income streams or otherwise generate cash by using our bitcoin holdings. Such strategies may include, without limitation, options-based acquisition strategies, lending or borrowing arrangements, and other
      derivative transactions, each of which would expose us to additional counterparty, market, liquidity, and regulatory risk beyond those associated with holding bitcoin directly. Even if we pursue any such strategies, we may be unable to create income
      streams or otherwise generate cash from our bitcoin holdings, and any such strategies may subject us to additional risks. 44 Table






















          of Contents Our bitcoin holdings may significantly impact our financial results and the market price of our listed securities. Our bitcoin holdings are expected to impact our financial results and the market price of our listed securities. If we continue to increase our overall holdings of bitcoin in the future, they will have an even greater impact. See “Risks Related to Our Digital Asset Strategy and Holdings—Our historical financial statements prior to September 30, 2025 do not reflect the potential variability in earnings that we may experience in the future relating
      to our bitcoin holdings.” Our assets will be concentrated in bitcoin. We expect that a large portion of our assets will be concentrated in our bitcoin holdings. The
    concentration of our assets in bitcoin limits our ability to mitigate risk that could otherwise be achieved by holding a more diversified portfolio of treasury assets. Our bitcoin strategy relies substantially on our ability to complete equity and debt financings. Substantially all of our bitcoin purchases have
    been made using proceeds from equity and debt financings. Our ability to achieve the objectives of our bitcoin strategy depends in significant part on our ability to obtain equity and debt financing. If we are unable to obtain equity or debt financing
    on favorable terms or at all, we may not be able to successfully execute on our bitcoin strategy. Our bitcoin strategy has not been tested over an extended period of time or under all market conditions. We are continually examining the risks
    and rewards of our strategy to acquire and hold bitcoin. This strategy has not been tested over an extended period of time or under all market conditions. For example, although we believe bitcoin, due to its limited supply, has the potential to serve
    as a hedge against inflation in the long term, the short-term price of bitcoin declined in recent periods during which the inflation rate increased. If bitcoin prices were to decline or our bitcoin strategy otherwise proves unsuccessful, our financial
    condition, results of operations, and the market price of our listed securities would be materially adversely impacted. We are subject to counterparty risks, including in particular risks relating to our custodians. Although we have implemented various measures
    that are designed to mitigate our counterparty risks, including by storing substantially all of the bitcoin we own in custody accounts at U.S.-based, institutional-grade custodians and negotiating contractual arrangements intended to establish that our
    property interest in custodially-held bitcoin is not subject to claims of our custodians’ creditors, applicable insolvency law is not fully developed with respect to the holding of digital assets in custodial accounts. If our custodially-held bitcoin
    were nevertheless considered to be the property of our custodians’ estates in the event that any such custodians were to enter bankruptcy, receivership or similar insolvency proceedings, we could be treated as a general unsecured creditor of such
    custodians, inhibiting our ability to exercise ownership rights with respect to such bitcoin, or delaying or hindering our access to our bitcoin holdings, and this may ultimately result in the loss of the value related to some or all of such bitcoin,
    which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition as well as the market price of our listed securities. The broader digital assets industry is subject to counterparty risks, which could adversely impact the adoption rate, price, and use of bitcoin. A series of high-profile bankruptcies, closures, liquidations, regulatory enforcement actions and other events relating to companies operating in the digital asset industry in recent years have highlighted the counterparty risks applicable to owning
    and transacting in digital assets. Although these bankruptcies, closures, liquidations and other events have not resulted in any loss or misappropriation of our bitcoin, nor have such events adversely impacted our access to our bitcoin, they have, in
    the short-term, likely negatively impacted the adoption rate and use of bitcoin. Additional bankruptcies, closures, liquidations, regulatory enforcement actions or other events involving participants in the digital assets industry in the future may
    further negatively impact the adoption rate, price, and use of bitcoin, limit the availability to us of financing collateralized by bitcoin, or create or expose additional counterparty risks. Changes in the accounting treatment of our bitcoin holdings could have significant accounting impacts, including increasing the volatility of our
      results. We have adopted ASU 2023-08 as of January 1, 2025, which requires us to measure our bitcoin holdings at fair value in our statement of financial position, and to recognize gains and losses from changes in the fair value of our bitcoin
    in net income each reporting period. ASU 2023-08 requires us to provide certain interim and annual disclosures with respect to our bitcoin holdings. Due in particular to the volatility in the price of bitcoin, the adoption of ASU 2023-08 has materially
    impacted on our financial results, increased the volatility of our financial results, affected the carrying value of our bitcoin on our balance sheet, and we expect these impacts to continue. For example, we incurred an unrealized loss on digital
    assets of $340,602.9 for the year-ended December 31, 2025. Significant variances in gains and losses could occur in future periods. As described in greater detail under the risk factor heading “Unrealized fair value gains on our bitcoin holdings could
    cause us to become subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022,” ASU 2023-08 could also have adverse tax consequences. These impacts could in turn have a material adverse effect on our financial results
    and the market price of our listed securities. 45 Table






















          of Contents The broader digital assets industry, including the technology associated with digital assets, the rate of adoption and development of, and use cases for, digital assets, market
    perception of digital assets, and the legal, regulatory, and accounting treatment of digital assets are constantly developing and changing, and there may be additional risks in the future that are not possible to predict. We may be subject to additional risks related to our holdings of Cronos. Cronos is a volatile digital asset with a market structure and liquidity profile that can differ from digital assets with greater market capitalization, such as bitcoin.
    Significant price declines, changes in market-maker participation, exchange outages, or delistings could impair our ability to liquidate Cronos on acceptable terms or at all, adversely affecting our liquidity, results of operations, and the market
    price of our securities. Cronos’ value and trading liquidity are closely associated with the reputation of and interest in the Cronos blockchain ecosystem and its sponsors and service providers, such as
    Crypto.com. Adverse developments involving those parties—including business setbacks, policy changes, cybersecurity incidents, or regulator actions related to the Cronos network—could reduce demand for Cronos, restricting trading venues, or negatively
    affecting perceptions of the token and the Cronos network. Our Cronos position may represent a meaningful percentage of the daily trading volume of Cronos on certain exchanges. Any attempt to liquidate a significant portion of our Cronos holdings could
      itself move the market price materially, and we may be unable to liquidate our Cronos position at favorable prices or at all, particularly during periods of market stress or reduced liquidity. Changes to the Cronos network—whether technical, economic, or governance-related—may occur without our input and could negatively affect the value, usability, or structure of Cronos.
        Additionally, Cronos holdings face risks related to custody, security, and uncertain accounting or tax treatment, which could lead to financial loss or reporting challenges. As compared to more established digital assets like bitcoin, the
      Cronos network is governed by a more concentrated group of stakeholders. Decisions regarding tokenomics, inflation schedules, staking rewards, validator requirements, or network architecture may ultimately be made without our input or consent. Such
      changes could materially reduce the value, utility, or liquidity of our Cronos holdings. Any of the foregoing risks, individually or in the aggregate, could materially and adversely affect the value of our Cronos holdings, our business, financial condition, and results
    of operations, and the market price of our securities. Unrealized fair value gains on our bitcoin holdings could cause us to become subject to the corporate alternative minimum tax under the Inflation Reduction
      Act of 2022. The U.S. enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) in August 2022. Unless an exemption applies, the IRA imposes a 15% corporate alternative minimum tax (“CAMT”) on a
    corporation with respect to an initial tax year and subsequent tax years, if the average annual adjusted financial statement income (“AFSI”) for any consecutive three-tax-year period preceding the initial tax year exceeds $1 billion. On September 12, 2024, the Department of Treasury (the “Treasury”) and the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) issued proposed regulations with respect to the application of the CAMT
    (the ”2024 Proposed Regulations”). On July 30, 2025, a White House working group established by President Trump in January 2025 published a report on strengthening American leadership in digital financial technology, which called for the Department of
    the Treasury and the IRS to publish guidance addressing the determination of AFSI with respect to financial accounting for unrealized gains and losses on investment assets other than stock and partnership interests. On September 30, 2025, the Treasury and the IRS issued interim guidance (the “Interim Guidance”) which, in relevant part, clarifies that a corporation may disregard unrealized
    gains and losses on its digital asset holdings when computing AFSI for purposes of determining whether it is subject to the 15% CAMT under the IRA. The Treasury and IRS intend to issue revised proposed regulations similar to this Interim Guidance. In connection with the implementation of our bitcoin strategy, we adopted ASU 2023-08, which requires us to measure our bitcoin holdings at fair value in our statement of financial
    position, with gains and losses from changes in the fair value of our bitcoin recognized in net income each reporting period. When determining whether we are subject to CAMT and when calculating any related tax liability for an applicable tax year, the
    2024 Proposed Regulations provided that, among other adjustments, our AFSI must include this ratable amount in addition to any unrealized gains or losses reported in the applicable tax year. We previously disclosed that as a result of the enactment of the IRA and our adoption of ASU 2023-08, unless the IRA was amended or the 2024 Proposed Regulations with respect to CAMT, when
        finalized, were revised to provide relief (or other interim relief was granted), that we could become subject to the CAMT in future tax years. However, pursuant to the Interim Guidance, the Company now plans to exclude its unrealized gains and
        losses from the calculation of its AFSI for purposes of determining whether it is subject to CAMT. As a result, the Company no longer expects to become subject to CAMT due to unrealized gains on its bitcoin holdings. However, the Interim
      Guidance could be modified, narrowed, or withdrawn in future rulemaking. There can be no assurance that the final rules, when issued, will be consistent with the Interim Guidance or that such final rules will not subject us to CAMT. 46 Table






















          of Contents Whether we do become subject to the CAMT will depend on numerous factors outside of our control, including the publication of any additional interim or final guidance with respect
    to the CAMT or the calculation of AFSI, as well as the magnitude of our unrealized gains or losses on our bitcoin holdings for the year ending December 31, 2025, which in turn will depend on our bitcoin holdings and the market value of bitcoin as of
    that date. If we become subject to the CAMT, it could result in a material tax obligation that we would need to satisfy in cash, which could materially affect our financial results, including our earnings and cash flow, and our financial condition. Bitcoin and Cronos are highly volatile assets, and fluctuations in the price of bitcoin and Cronos are likely to influence our financial results and the
      market price of our listed securities. Bitcoin and Cronos are highly volatile assets, and fluctuations in the price of bitcoin and Cronos are likely to influence our financial results and the market price of our listed securities. Our
      financial results and the market price of our listed securities would be adversely affected, and our business and financial condition would be negatively impacted, if the price of bitcoin or Cronos decreased substantially (as it has in the past,
      including during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025), including as a result of: • decreased user and investor confidence in bitcoin and Cronos, including due to the various factors described herein; • investment and trading activities, such as (i) trading activities of highly active retail and institutional users, speculators, other companies executing a bitcoin strategy similar to ours, miners and other
              investors; (ii) actual or expected significant dispositions of digital assets by large holders, including the expected liquidation of digital assets seized by governments or associated with entities that have filed for bankruptcy protection,
              such as (a) the transfers of bitcoin to creditors of the hacked cryptocurrency exchange Mt. Gox which began in July 2024 and are due to be completed by October 2026, (b) the transfer of 94,643 bitcoin to Bitfinex following proceedings related
              to a 2016 hack of its platform, and (c) potential sales of 69,370 bitcoin seized from the Silk Road marketplace by the U.S. Department of Justice; and (iii) actual or perceived manipulation of the spot or derivative markets for bitcoin,
              Cronos or spot bitcoin exchange-traded products (ETPs); • negative publicity, media or social media coverage, or sentiment due to events in or relating to, or perception of, bitcoin, Cronos or the broader digital assets industry, including, for example, (i) public
              perception that bitcoin can be used as a vehicle to circumvent sanctions, including sanctions imposed on Russia or certain regions related to the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, or to fund criminal or terrorist activities, such
              as the purported use of digital assets by Hamas to fund its terrorist attack against Israel in October 2023; (ii), expected or pending civil, criminal, regulatory enforcement or other high-profile actions against major participants in the
              bitcoin ecosystem, including the SEC’s previous enforcement action against Binance Holdings Ltd.; (iii) additional filings for bankruptcy protection or bankruptcy proceedings of major digital asset industry participants, such as the
              bankruptcy proceeding of FTX Trading and its affiliates; (iv) the actual or perceived environmental impact of bitcoin and related activities, including environmental concerns raised by private individuals, governmental and non-governmental
              organizations, and other actors related to the energy resources consumed in the bitcoin mining process; and (v) activities relating to other cryptocurrencies, including “meme coins”; • changes in consumer preferences and the perceived value or long-term prospects of bitcoin, Cronos and other digital assets; • developments affecting other companies pursuing a bitcoin strategy similar to ours, such as the abandonment of the strategy by such other companies, the failure by such other companies to satisfy their debt or
              other financial obligations, market concerns as to the viability or creditworthiness of such other companies, the loss or disposition of substantial digital assets by such other companies, regulatory or legal judgments or actions against such
              other companies due to their adoption of a bitcoin strategy, or any other similar actions or negative outcomes impacting such other companies, whether due to any of the various

