TICKER: DTM
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions; • actions taken by third-party operators, producers, processors, transporters and gatherers; • changes in expected production from Expand Energy and other third parties in our areas of operation; • demand for natural gas gathering, transmission, storage, and transportation; • the availability and price of natural gas to the consumer compared to the price of alternative and competing fuels; • our ability to successfully and timely implement our business plan; • our ability to complete organic growth projects on time and on budget; • our ability to finance, complete, or successfully integrate acquisitions; • our ability to realize the anticipated benefits and manage the risks of the Midwest Pipeline Acquisition described herein; • the price and availability of debt and equity financing; • restrictions in our existing and any future credit facilities and indentures; • the effectiveness of our information technology and operational technology systems and practices to detect and defend against evolving cyber attacks on United States critical infrastructure; • changing laws regarding cybersecurity and data privacy, and any cybersecurity threat or event; • operating hazards, environmental risks and other risks incidental to gathering, storing and transporting natural gas; • geologic and reservoir risks and considerations; • natural disasters, adverse weather conditions, casualty losses and other matters beyond our control; • the impact of outbreaks of illnesses, epidemics and pandemics, and any related economic effects; • the impacts of geopolitical events, including the Ukraine and the Middle East; • labor relations and markets, including the ability to attract, hire and retain key employee and contract personnel; • large customer defaults; • changes in tax status, as well as changes in tax rates and regulations; 4 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS • the effects and associated cost of compliance with existing and future laws and governmental regulations, such as the Inflation Reduction Act and the OBBBA; • changes in environmental laws, regulations or enforcement policies, including laws and regulations relating to pipeline safety, climate change and GHG emissions; • changes in laws, regulations or enforcement policies, including those relating to construction and operation of new interstate gas pipelines, ratemaking to which our pipelines may be subject, or other non-environmental laws and regulations; • our ability to qualify for federal income tax credits; • our ability to develop low carbon business opportunities and deploy GHG reducing technologies; • changes in insurance markets impacting costs and the level and types of coverage available; • the timing and extent of changes in commodity prices; • the success of our risk management strategies; • the suspension, reduction or termination of our customers’ obligations under our commercial agreements; • disruptions due to equipment interruption or failure at our facilities, or third-party facilities on which our business is dependent; and • the effects of future litigation. The above list of factors is not exhaustive. New factors emerge from time to time. We cannot predict what factors may arise or how such factors may cause actual results to vary materially from those stated in forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which such statements are made. We are under no obligation to, and expressly disclaim any obligation to, update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, subsequent events or otherwise. 5 PART I Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties General DT Midstream was incorporated in the state of Delaware in 2021. Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, and all amendments to such reports are available free of charge through the Investors Relations page of DT Midstream's website: www.dtmidstream.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after they are filed with or furnished to the SEC. Additionally, the public may read and copy any materials that we file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov . The DT Midstream Code of Conduct, Board of Directors' Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Board of Directors' Governance Guidelines, Board of Directors' Committee Charters, and Categorical Standards for Director Independence are also posted on DT Midstream's website. The information on DT Midstream's website is not part of this report or any other report that DT Midstream files with, or furnishes to, the SEC. Business Overview We are an owner, operator, and developer of an integrated portfolio of natural gas midstream assets. We provide multiple, integrated natural gas services to customers through our interstate pipelines, intrastate pipelines, storage systems, gathering lateral pipelines and compression and surface facilities, and gathering systems including related treatment plants, and compression and surface facilities. We also own joint venture interests in equity method investees which own and operate interstate pipelines that connect to our wholly owned assets. Our core assets strategically connect key demand centers in the Midwestern U.S., Eastern Canada and Northeastern U.S. regions to the premium production areas of the Marcellus/Utica natural gas formation in the Appalachian Basin and connect key demand centers and LNG export terminals in the Gulf Coast region to premium production areas of the Haynesville natural gas formation. We have an established history of stable, long-term growth with contractual cash flows from customers that include natural gas producers, local distribution companies, electric power generators, industrials, and national marketers. We believe that our properties are generally in good condition, well-maintained and suitable and adequate to carry on our business at capacity for the foreseeable future. 6 2025 Executive Summary During the year ended December 31, 2025, DT Midstream's accomplishments and business developments included: • Attained Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream of $441 million; • Declared total cash dividends of $3.28 per common share; • Delivered significant Pipeline segment growth with a full year of operations from the DTM Interstate Transportation assets acquired in the Midwest Pipeline Acquisition and advanced key integration milestones on schedule; • Gathered a record high throughput on our Haynesville System; • Placed the LEAP phase 4 expansion into service, which increased the system capacity to 2.1 Bcf/d; • Reached a final investment decision on the Guardian G3 expansion, which will increase Guardian's capacity by approximately 40% and is supported by long-term negotiated rate precedent agreements with investment-grade utility customers; • Reached a final investment decision on the initial phase of modernization across DTM Interstate Transportation assets. This initial phase will be predominantly focused on improving system efficiency and reliability on Guardian Pipeline; • Received FERC approval (subject to a filed appeal) for the Bluestone Extended Supply Transportation ("BEST") agreement between Bluestone and Millennium, which will enable Millennium to establish a new supply lateral utilizing Bluestone’s existing interconnects, creating a transportation path between Millennium and Tennessee Pipeline; • Achieved investment grade rating with all three major credit rating agencies; and • Published our fourth annual Corporate Sustainability Report. The information in our Corporate Sustainability Report is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. 7 Our Strategy Our principal business objective is to safely and reliably operate and develop midstream natural gas assets across our premier footprint. Our proven leadership and highly engaged employees have an excellent track record. Prospectively, we intend to continue this track record by executing on our natural gas-centric business strategy focused on disciplined capital deployment and supported by a flexible, well capitalized balance sheet. Additionally, we intend to develop low carbon business opportunities and deploy GHG reducing technologies as part of our goal of being leading environmental stewards in the midstream industry. We are executing on a plan to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. Our strategy is premised on the following principles: • Operate our assets in a sustainable and responsible manner. We believe that consistently serving our communities, customers, team members, and stakeholders is foundational. • Provide exceptional service to our customers. We will continue to provide safe, highly reliable, timely and cost-competitive service, which is a key distinguishing competitive advantage. • Disciplined capital deployment in assets supported by strong fundamentals . New capital spending will continue to go through a rigorous review process to ensure that it is accretive and deployed to assets meeting our strategic criteria and expected returns. • Capitalize on asset integration and utilization opportunities . We intend to leverage the scale and scope of our large asset platforms, our services, and our capabilities to increase efficiency across our portfolio and in the strategically situated market regions where we operate. • Pursue economically attractive opportunities . We intend to pursue economically attractive expansion and acquisition opportunities that leverage our current asset footprint and strategic relationships with our customers. • Grow cash flows supported by long-term firm service revenue contracts . We will continue pursuing opportunities that increase the demand-based component of our contract portfolio and will focus on obtaining additional long-term firm service commitments from customers, which may include fixed demand charges, MVCs and acreage dedications. Our Operations and Business Segments DT Midstream sets strategic goals, allocates resources, and evaluates performance based on the following two segments: Pipeline and Gathering. For financial information by segment for the last three years, see Note 14, "Segment and Related Information," to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Expand Energy accounted for approximately 45% of our operating revenues for the year ended December 31, 2025. Our operating revenues do not include revenues of unconsolidated joint ventures accounted for as equity method investments. Pipeline Segment Description Our Pipeline segment includes our interstate pipelines, intrastate pipelines, storage systems, gathering lateral pipelines and compression and surface facilities. The Pipeline segment also includes joint venture interests in equity method investees which own and operate interstate pipelines that connect to our wholly owned assets. Our subsidiary companies own and operate these types of assets across multiple states and Eastern Canada. Our interstate pipelines are FERC-regulated assets that transport natural gas from interconnected pipelines to power plants, local distribution companies and industrial end users, as well as interconnected pipelines for delivery to additional markets. Our intrastate pipelines are typically state-regulated assets that transport natural gas from interconnected pipelines to power plants, local distribution companies and industrial end users. Our gathering lateral pipelines are assets that gather natural gas for our customers from multiple central delivery points within a basin and redeliver that natural gas to interstate pipelines,  intrastate pipelines, and LNG export terminals for further downstream transportation and, accordingly, perform a gathering function not subject to FERC jurisdiction. Our storage systems provide natural gas storage services for customers, subject to FERC jurisdiction. 8 Revenues and Earnings from Equity Method Investees DT Midstream primarily provides two types of pipeline and storage services: firm service and interruptible service. Firm service revenue contracts are typically long-term and structured using fixed demand charges or MVCs with fixed deficiency fee rates. This provides for fixed revenue commitments regardless of actual volumes of natural gas that flow, which leads to more stable operating performance, revenues and cash flows and limits our exposure to natural gas price fluctuations. For the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 92% of our Pipeline revenue was generated under firm service revenue contracts and approximately 99% of the revenue of our unconsolidated joint ventures was generated under firm service revenue contracts. The earnings of our unconsolidated joint ventures are included in earnings from equity method investees in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Interruptible service revenue contracts typically contain fixed rates, with total consideration dependent on actual natural gas volumes that flow. For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue from the Pipeline segment accounted for approximately 55% of our consolidated revenue. The cash flows from our Pipeline operations can be impacted in the short term by seasonality, weather fluctuations and the financial condition of our customers. Competition Our Pipeline operations compete for customers primarily based on geographic location, which determines connectivity and proximity to supply sources and end users, as well as price, operating reliability and flexibility, available capacity, and service offerings. Our primary competitors in the natural gas interstate pipelines and transmission market and in the gathering lateral pipelines market include major interstate pipelines and midstream companies that can transport and gather natural gas volumes between interstate systems and between central delivery points within a basin. 9 Properties The following table presents certain information concerning our principal properties included in the Pipeline segment: Property Classification % Owned Operator Approximate Capacity (Bcf/d) Approximate Compression Horsepower Description Location Pipeline FERC-Regulated Interstate Pipelines Birdsboro 100% Yes 0.2 — A 14-mile interstate pipeline transporting gas supply to a gas-fired power plant in Pennsylvania PA Guardian 100% Yes 1.3 100,300 A 263-mile interstate pipeline which connects to the Chicago Hub and serves key Upper Midwest demand centers IL and WI Midwestern 100% Yes 1.5 82,900 A 402-mile bi-directional interstate pipeline which connects Appalachia supply to the Midwest market region between Tennessee and the Chicago Hub KY, IL, IN and TN Millennium (a) 52.5% No 1.9 87,960 A joint venture that owns a 266-mile interstate pipeline and compression facilities serving markets in the northeast and supply from the northeast Marcellus region NY NEXUS (a) 50% No 1.4 104,000 A joint venture that owns a 256-mile interstate pipeline and three compression facilities that transports Utica and Marcellus shale natural gas to Ohio, Michigan and Ontario market centers and Generation OH and MI Vector (a) 40% No 2.8 120,000 A joint venture that owns a 348-mile interstate pipeline and five compression facilities connecting Illinois, Indiana, Michigan and Ontario market centers Canada, IL, IN and MI Viking 100% Yes 1.0 69,500 A 674-mile bi-directional interstate pipeline which serves key utility customers in Minnesota, Wisconsin and North Dakota MN, ND and WI Intrastate Pipelines Generation 50% No 0.4 — A 25-mile intrastate pipeline in northern Ohio and owned by NEXUS OH Michigan System (b) 100% Yes 0.8 2,400 A 335-mile pipeline system in northern Michigan MI FERC-Regulated Storage System Washington 10 Storage Complex (c) 91% Yes N/A 26,200 An interstate storage system with 94 Bcf of storage capacity and associated compression facilities MI Gathering Lateral Pipelines Bluestone 100% Yes 1.2 31,400 A 65-mile gathering lateral pipeline, and two compression facilities, that gathers Marcellus shale natural gas to Millennium and the Tennessee Pipeline PA and NY LEAP 100% Yes 2.1 36,000 A 221-mile gathering pipeline that gathers Haynesville shale natural gas to markets in the Gulf Coast region LA Stonewall 85% Yes 1.5 — A 68-mile gathering lateral pipeline that gathers Marcellus and Utica shale natural gas to the Columbia Pipeline WV __________________________________ (a) We account for our ownership interest in these joint venture properties as equity method investments in accordance with GAAP. See Note 1, "Description of the Business and Basis of Presentation" to the Consolidated Financial Statements under Part II, Item 8 of this Form 10-K. (b) The Michigan System is comprised of both intrastate pipeline and gathering lateral pipeline assets. In 2025, the majority of the capacity, mileage, and revenue generated by the Michigan System were related to providing intrastate transportation services. (c) The Washington 10 Storage Complex includes 16 Bcf of leased capacity from the Washington 28 Storage Complex, which is held by a joint venture, South Romeo, in which DT Midstream owns a 50% interest. 10 Business Updates During the year ended December 31, 2025, we completed key integration milestones for the DTM Interstate Transportation assets acquired in the Midwest Pipeline Acquisition, including opening a new regional office in Tulsa, Oklahoma, which will largely support these assets. A full year of operations of the DTM Interstate Transportation assets contributed to growth of our Pipeline segment. During 2025, we reached a final investment decision on the Guardian G3 expansion project, which will increase Guardian capacity by 537 MMcf/d or approximately 40% from current capacity, and is expected to be fully placed into service in the fourth quarter of 2028. The Guardian G3 expansion is anchored by 20-year negotiated rate precedent agreements with investment-grade utility customers. In addition, we also initiated phase 1 of a multi-year modernization program for the acquired pipelines. The initial phase will be predominantly focused on improving system efficiency and reliability on Guardian and is expected to be placed into service in the second half of 2027. On July 31, 2025, the FERC approved (subject to a filed appeal) the Bluestone Extended Supply Transportation ("BEST") agreement between Bluestone and Millennium which will enable Millennium to establish a new supply lateral utilizing Bluestone’s existing interconnects, creating a transportation path between Millennium and Tennessee Gas Pipeline. The firm transportation service began on January 1, 2026. In September 2025, we placed the LEAP phase 4 expansion into service on budget, increasing the system capacity to approximately 2.1 Bcf/d. We continue to evaluate opportunities for additional LEAP expansions to serve growing Gulf Coast LNG and industrial corridor demand. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2025, we began construction of an interconnect between Stonewall and Mountain Valley Pipeline as well as a lateral connecting Midwestern to a power plant. The Stonewall and Mountain Valley Pipeline interconnect was placed into service on February 1, 2026, and the Midwestern lateral is expected to be placed into service during the first half of 2026. Capital expenditure investments for our ongoing expansion projects are contemplated in our forecasted capital expenditures discussed under Part II, Item 7 "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Capital Investments" of this Form 10-K. Gathering Segment Description Our Gathering segment includes gathering systems, related treatment plants, and compression and surface facilities. Our subsidiary companies own and operate these types of assets across multiple states. Our natural gas gathering systems primarily consist of networks of pipelines that collect natural gas from points at or near our customers’ wells for delivery to plants for treating, to gathering pipelines for further gathering, or to pipelines for transportation. Natural gas is moved from the receipt points to the central delivery points on our gathering systems. We provide other ancillary services within our Gathering segment, including compression, dehydration, gas treatment, water impoundment, water transportation, water disposal, and sand mining. Our gathering systems provide a gathering function and are therefore not subject to FERC jurisdiction. Our gathering business has significant infrastructure within our customers' production acreage that is contractually dedicated to DT Midstream to provide gathering services. Revenues Our Gathering segment typically has firm revenue contracts that are long-term and structured using fixed demand charges or MVCs with fixed deficiency fee rates. This provides for fixed revenue commitments regardless of actual volumes of natural gas that flow, which leads to more stable operating performance, revenues and cash flows and limits our exposure to natural gas price fluctuations. Additional revenues are generated from proved developed producing reserves connected to our assets, which we refer to as "flowing gas." For the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 57% and 36% of our Gathering segment revenue was generated under firm revenue contracts and flowing gas, respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, average throughput from the Gathering segment was 3.1 Bcf/d and 2.9 Bcf/d, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue from the Gathering segment accounted for approximately 45% of our consolidated revenue. 11 Competition Our Gathering operations compete for customers based on geographic location, reputation, operating reliability and flexibility, price and service offerings, including interconnectivity to producer-desired takeaway options (i.e., processing facilities and pipelines). We mitigate the risk of competition by signing acreage dedications, entering firm revenue contracts, expanding treating capacity and expanding our systems to desirable production basins. Competition customarily is impacted by the level of drilling activity in a particular geographic region. Our primary competitors include other independent midstream companies with gathering operations and producer owned systems. Properties The following table presents certain information concerning our principal properties included in the Gathering segment: Property Classification % Owned Operator Approximate Capacity (Bcf/d) Approximate Compression Horsepower Description Location Gathering Appalachia Gathering 100% Yes 1.1 92,300 A 154-mile gathering system that gathers Marcellus shale natural gas to the Texas Eastern Pipeline and Stonewall PA and WV Blue Union Gathering 100% Yes 2.6 81,600 A 443-mile gathering system that gathers shale natural gas from the Haynesville formation of Louisiana and Texas and delivers to markets in the Gulf Coast region; ancillary services are also provided LA and TX Clean Fuels Gathering 100% Yes 0.0 9,400 A 93-mile gathering system that gathers and treats coal mine methane into pipeline quality natural gas IL Ohio Utica Gathering 100% Yes 0.1 12,500 A 26-mile gathering system, including compression and dehydration facilities, that gathers Utica shale natural gas from producer wells to a nearby processing plant OH Susquehanna Gathering 100% Yes 1.2 78,000 A 198-mile gathering system that gathers Marcellus shale natural gas to Bluestone PA Tioga Gathering 100% Yes 0.1 — A 3-mile gathering system that gathers shale natural gas to the Eastern Gas Transmission system PA Business Updates During the year ended December 31, 2025, we gathered record high volumes on our Haynesville System, where we also placed into service an expansion on Blue Union Gathering. In addition, our Tioga Gathering expansion and Clean Fuels Gathering projects were placed into service. Our Class VI permit application for the Louisiana carbon capture and sequestration project advanced to formal technical review with the Louisiana Department of Conservation and Energy in July 2025, and the Company is awaiting the completion of that review. Capital expenditure investments for our ongoing expansion projects are contemplated in our forecasted capital expenditures discussed under Part II, Item 7 "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Capital Investments" of this Form 10-K. 12 Pipeline and Gathering Rights-of-Way We obtain satisfactory title to the properties we own and use in our businesses, subject to liens for current taxes, liens incident to minor encumbrances, and easements and restrictions, which do not materially detract from the value of such property, the interests in those properties or the use of such properties in our businesses. Our storage facilities, treating and processing plants, compressor stations, offices and related facilities are located on real property owned or leased by us. In some cases, the real property we lease is on federal, state or local government land. We typically obtain and maintain rights to construct and operate the pipelines on other people’s land under agreements that are perpetual or provide for renewal rights. Our pipelines are constructed on rights-of-way granted by the current record owners of such property. In many instances, lands over which rights-of-way have been obtained are subject to prior liens that have not been subordinated to the rights-of-way grants. All record owners have joined in the rights-of-way grants and signatures have been obtained, except in unusual cases where title is unclear and requires additional investigation. Human Capital Resources DT Midstream recognizes that being innovative is necessary for our continued growth. We currently employ 588 employees, all of whom are employed full-time, exclusive of our student intern program. All of our employees are in the U.S., with our headquarters in Detroit, Michigan. None of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements. We believe that our employee relations are good. Know, Support and Respect Culture Our human capital resources objectives continue to center around employee engagement, strengthening our culture, and leadership development. We accomplish this through our annual engagement survey and training focused on our Know, Support and Respect priorities discussed below. We maintain and grow our team through practices that help us identify and hire new talent, as well as incentivize and retain our existing employees. Our employees have access to online learning resources, tuition reimbursement programs, and formal leadership development for emerging leaders identified at various levels within our corporate structure. Our executive leadership team meets annually with our Board of Directors' Organization and Compensation Committee to discuss executive leadership succession planning, including successor candidates and emerging leaders for senior management positions within the Company. DT Midstream is committed to building an empowered, and engaged team that delivers safe and reliable service to our customers. We integrate these practices into our overall operating model and focus on the outcomes of Knowing, Supporting, and Respecting one another. We regularly review our geographical availability, representation demographics, and engagement scores, and we evaluate our success based on our ability to advance our Know, Support and Respect Culture priorities: • Know — Deliberately understanding the demographics and cultural norms of the communities where we live and operate; • Support — Honestly understanding and listening to the perspectives and needs of all employees, regardless of location, position, or tenure, and developing strategic action plans based on annual engagement survey feedback; and • Respect — Respect is required so that every employee feels comfortable being themselves at work. Health and Safety The health and safety of people, including our employees, contractors, customers, and the communities we serve is our top priority. Our safety culture is maintained and strengthened by our safety team, which monitors events, compliance, and training activities. We monitor our safety performance with leading and lagging indicators, such as safety observations, near-misses and the OSHA recordable injury metrics. 13 Compensation and Benefits Description Our human capital resources objectives include recruiting, incentivizing, fostering belonging, and retaining top talent. To achieve this, we offer all employees competitive compensation packages, annual and long-term incentive programs, defined contribution retirement savings plans and an employer contribution match, as well as paid time off, medical, dental, vision and other employee benefits. We review our compensation practices annually to ensure that pay is fair and internally equitable. For additional information on the metrics used in our incentive plans, see Part III, Item 11 "Executive Compensation" of this Form 10-K. For additional information on our approach to managing our human capital resources, see our 2025 Corporate Sustainability Report on our website. The information in our Corporate Sustainability Report is not incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K. Regulatory Environment Our operations and investments are subject to extensive regulation by United States federal, state and local authorities. In addition, NEXUS and Vector are subject to applicable laws, rules, and regulations in Canada. Failure to comply with federal, state or local regulations may result in the imposition of administrative, civil and/or criminal remedies. We cannot predict whether a regulatory complaint or proceeding will be filed against us in the future or how a regulator may rule on any such complaint. We are not aware of any pending proceedings or complaints at this time. Additional rules and legislation pertaining to these matters are considered and adopted from time to time. In certain instances, existing rules and legislation may be repealed or substantially modified in a way that reduces our regulatory compliance obligations. We cannot predict whether any such additional rules or legislation will be promulgated or enacted, whether any existing rules or legislation will be repealed or substantially modified, or what effect, if any, such changes might have on our operations, or existing regulatory requirements. To the extent that any new rules or legislation increase our regulatory compliance obligations, the industry could be required to incur additional capital expenditures and increased costs depending on future legislative and regulatory changes. Federal Interstate Transportation & Storage Regulation Many of our business operations are subject to extensive regulation by FERC under the NGA, the NGPA and regulations, rules and policies promulgated under those and other statutes. Specifically, Birdsboro, Guardian, Midwestern, Millennium, NEXUS, Vector, Viking and the Washington 10 Storage Complex are subject to FERC's NGA authority and provide interstate natural gas transportation or storage services in accordance with their FERC-approved tariffs. Notwithstanding the regulatory discussion below, we believe the regulatory burden does not currently affect our competitive condition. Generally, FERC’s authority with respect to natural gas extends to: • rates and charges for interstate pipelines and storage facilities as well as intrastate pipelines and storage facilities providing service in interstate commerce; • terms and conditions of services and service contracts with customers; • certification and construction of new interstate pipelines and storage services and facilities and expansion of such facilities; • abandonment of interstate pipelines and storage services and facilities; • maintenance of accounts and records; • relationships between pipelines and certain affiliates; • depreciation and amortization rates and policies; • facility replacements and upgrades; and • acquisitions and dispositions of interstate pipelines and storage facilities. 14 Under the NGA, rates charged by interstate pipelines must be just, reasonable, and not unduly discriminatory or preferential. For interstate pipeline transportation services subject to cost‑of‑service regulation, the recourse rate is the maximum rate an interstate pipeline may charge for its services under its tariff. It is established through FERC’s cost-of-service ratemaking process.  Key determinants in the ratemaking process include the costs of providing service, the volumes of gas being transported, the rate design, the allocation of costs between services, the capital structure, the depreciation rate and the rate of return a natural gas company is permitted to earn. The maximum applicable recourse rates and terms and conditions for service on an interstate natural gas pipeline are set forth in the pipeline’s FERC-approved tariff unless market-based rates have been approved by FERC. Rate design and the allocation of costs also can affect a pipeline’s profitability. While the ratemaking process establishes the recourse rate, interstate pipelines such as some of our pipelines and storage systems that provide cost‑of‑service‑based services are permitted to charge discounted rates, which are lower than the recourse rates, without further FERC authorization down to the minimum rate set forth in the tariff for the applicable service. If a pipeline company desires to change its recourse rates or terms and conditions of service, including pro forma contracts, then it must propose such changes to FERC in a filing made pursuant to Section 4 of the NGA. Such changes may be challenged by intervening parties, including customers and state agencies, and such proposed changes may ultimately be rejected by FERC. By contrast, our natural gas storage facility operates pursuant to FERC‑approved market‑based rate authority, and the rates charged for storage services are not established through FERC’s cost‑of‑service ratemaking process. Existing rates or terms and conditions of service and contracts also may be challenged by a complaint filed by interested persons, including customers, state agencies or FERC, under Section 5 of the NGA. Rate increases proposed by a pipeline may be allowed to become effective subject to refund and/or a period of suspension, while rates or terms and conditions of service that are the subject of a complaint under Section 5 of the NGA are subject only to prospective change by FERC. Any successful challenge against existing or proposed rates charged for our pipelines and storage services could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, our interstate pipelines may also charge negotiated rates that may be above or below the recourse rate or that are subject to a different rate design than the rates specified in our interstate pipeline tariffs, provided that the pipeline has appropriate language in its tariff permitting negotiated rates, that affected customers are willing to agree to such rates rather than recourse rates, and that FERC has approved the negotiated rate agreement. A prerequisite for allowing the negotiated rates is that negotiated rate customers must have had the option to take service under the pipeline’s recourse rates. Some negotiated rate transactions are designed to fix the negotiated rate for the term of the firm transportation agreement and the fixed rate is generally not subject to adjustment for increased or decreased costs occurring during the contract term or for changes in the recourse rate during the contract term. Interstate transportation and storage service agreements are required to conform, in all material respects, with the form of service agreements set forth in the pipeline’s FERC-approved tariff. Non-conforming agreements must be filed with, and accepted by, FERC. If FERC finds that an agreement is materially non-conforming, in whole or in part, it could reject, or require us to seek modification of, the agreement, or alternatively require us to modify our tariff so that the non-conforming provisions are generally available to all customers or class of customers. Failure of an interstate pipeline to comply with its obligations under the NGA could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties. The EPAct 2005 amended the NGA to give FERC authority to impose civil penalties for violations of the NGA up to $1,584,648 per violation per day (as adjusted for inflation for 2025), and violators may be subject to criminal penalties of up to $1 million per violation per day and five years in prison. State Intrastate Transportation Regulation Many state agencies possess the authority to review and authorize natural gas transportation transactions and the construction, acquisition, abandonment and interconnection of physical facilities for intrastate pipelines. State agencies also may regulate transportation rates, service terms, and conditions and contract pricing. Other state regulations may not directly apply to our business but may nonetheless affect the availability of natural gas for purchase, compression and sale. Regulations within a particular state generally will affect all intrastate pipeline operators within the state on a comparable basis; thus, we believe that the regulation of intrastate transportation in any state in which we operate will not disproportionately affect our operations. 15 Gathering Pipeline Regulation Section 1(b) of the NGA exempts natural gas gathering facilities from regulation by FERC. We believe that our gathering systems meet the traditional tests FERC has used to establish a pipeline’s status as an exempt gatherer not subject to regulation as a FERC-jurisdictional natural gas company. If FERC were to consider the status of an individual facility and determine that the facility is not a gathering pipeline and the pipeline provides interstate transmission service, the rates for, and terms and conditions of, services provided by such facility would become subject to regulation by FERC under the NGA or the NGPA. Such regulation could decrease revenue, increase operating costs and, depending upon the facility in question, adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if any of our facilities were found to have provided services or otherwise operated in violation of the NGA or NGPA, this could result in the imposition of civil penalties as well as a requirement to disgorge charges collected for such service in excess of the rate established by FERC. Our gathering assets may be subject to the rules and regulations of various state utility commissions. State regulation of gathering facilities generally includes various safety, environmental and, in some circumstances, nondiscriminatory take requirements and complaint-based rate regulation. States in which we operate may adopt ratable take and common purchaser statutes, which would require our gathering pipelines to take natural gas without undue discrimination in favor of one producer over another producer or one supply source over another similarly situated supply source. The regulations under these statutes may impose some restrictions on our ability as an owner of gathering facilities to decide with whom we contract to gather natural gas. States in which we operate may also adopt a complaint-based regulation of natural gas gathering activities, which allows natural gas producers and shippers to file complaints with state regulators in an effort to resolve grievances relating to gathering access and rate discrimination. Our gathering operations could be adversely affected should they be subject in the future to different application of state regulation of rates and services. Our gathering operations also may be, or become, subject to additional safety and operational regulations relating to the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, replacement, and management of gathering facilities. FERC and CFTC Enforcement The EPAct 2005 amended the NGA and NGPA to prohibit fraud and manipulation in natural gas markets, and FERC issued a final rule making it unlawful for any entity, in connection with the purchase or sale of natural gas or transportation service subject to FERC’s jurisdiction, to defraud, make an untrue statement or omit a material fact, or engage in any practice, act or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud. FERC’s anti-manipulation rules apply to interstate gas pipeline and storage companies and intrastate gas pipeline and storage companies that provide interstate services, such as Section 311 service, as well as otherwise non-jurisdictional entities to the extent the activities are conducted "in connection with" gas sales, purchases or transportation subject to FERC jurisdiction. The anti-manipulation rules apply to intrastate sales and gathering activities only to the extent that there is a "nexus" to FERC-jurisdictional transactions. The EPAct 2005 also provided FERC with the authority to impose civil penalties, which, as adjusted for inflation for 2025, is currently up to a maximum of $1,584,648 per violation per day. In addition, the CFTC is directed under the Commodity Exchange Act to prevent price manipulations in the commodity and futures markets, including the energy futures markets. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act and other authority, the CFTC has adopted anti-market manipulation regulations that prohibit fraud and price manipulation in the commodity and futures markets. The CFTC also has statutory authority to seek civil penalties of up to the greater of approximately $1.5 million (as adjusted for inflation for 2025) per violation or triple the monetary gain to the violator for violations of the anti-market manipulation provisions of the Commodity Exchange Act. 16 Pipeline Safety and Maintenance Regulation Our natural gas pipeline assets are subject to the pipeline safety regulations implemented by PHMSA. PHMSA establishes and implements minimum federal safety standards and reporting requirements applicable to gas pipeline facilities, including associated underground natural gas storage. These standards include requirements that apply to the design, installation, testing, construction, operation and maintenance, and operator qualification as well as requirements for integrity management on certain pipelines. The integrity management requirements apply to gas transmission line segments located in HCAs and require operators to perform periodic risk-based assessments in addition to the minimum required inspections and other preventative and mitigation measures. Notwithstanding the investigatory and preventative maintenance costs incurred in our performance of customary pipeline management activities, we may incur significant additional expenses if anomalous pipeline conditions are discovered or additional preventative and mitigation measures need to be implemented. PHMSA often issues new or amended safety standards and reporting requirements for gas pipeline facilities. For example, the "Safety of Gas Transmission Pipelines: MAOP Reconfirmation, Expansion of Assessment Requirements, and Other Related Amendments" rule, which became effective July 1, 2020, requires operators of certain gas transmission pipelines to reconfirm the maximum allowable operating pressure for certain portions of their systems and imposes periodic assessment requirements for certain areas outside of HCAs, including newly-defined MCAs. The rule also incorporates industry standards and guidelines as well as new requirements for integrity management programs. In August 2022, PHMSA published the "Safety of Gas Transmission Pipelines: Repair Criteria, Integrity Management Improvements, Cathodic Protection, Management of Change, and Other Related Amendments" rule, effective May 24, 2023, which increases gas integrity management and corrosion control requirements and establishes repair criteria for pipelines outside of HCAs, among other things. We have revised our operating and inspection procedures to address these requirements and have implemented these changes as required by the rules. We may incur additional expenses related to compliance activities associated with this rule but do not expect these expenses to be material. In November 2021, PHMSA issued another final rule, entitled "Safety of Gas Gathering Pipelines: Extension of Reporting Requirements, Regulation o f Large, High-Pressure Lines, and Other Related Amendments," effective May 16, 2022, that established new safety standards and reporting requirements for certain historically unregulated onshore gas gathering lines. The final rule created a new Type C category of regulated onshore gas gathering lines in Class 1 locations that are subject to PHMSA’s safety standards and reporting requirements and required operators to comply with certain regulatory requirements applicable to newly designated Type C gas gathering lines by May 16, 2023. The final rule also created a new Type R category of reporting-only onshore gas gathering pipelines that are subject to PHMSA’s incident and annual reporting requirements. We have revised our operating and maintenance procedures to address these requirements and have implemented these changes. We may incur additional expenses related to compliance activities but do not expect these expenses to be material. In April 2022, PHMSA published the "Pipeline Safety: Requirement of Valve Installation and Minimum Rupture Detection Standard" rule, effective October 5, 2022, which required installation of remote control or automatic shut-off valves (or alternative equivalent technology) on certain newly constructed or replaced gas transmission pipelines. The final rule also imposed minimum performance standards for operation of those valves. We may incur additional expenses related to the requirements imposed by this rule, but do not expect these expenses to be material. In May 2023, PHMSA issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking, entitled "Gas Pipeline Leak Detection and Repair," that proposes amendments to implement a congressional mandate in the 2020 PIPES Act and impose leak detection and repair criteria applicable to gas pipelines and underground natural gas storage facilities. The final rule was submitted for publication in the Federal Register in January 2025 but was withdrawn for further review by PHMSA with no timeframe for a final rule. The rulemaking has been classified as a long-term action in the Department of Transportation's regulatory agenda. PHMSA is also in the process of revising regulations applicable to requirements for operators in response to certain class location changes, developing a proposed rule to establish inspection and maintenance requirements for idled pipelines, and revising repair criteria for gas transmission pipelines. Congress is also required to periodically reauthorize the Pipeline Safety Act and is expected to do so in 2026. Through reauthorization of the Pipeline Safety Act, Congress may pass a bill that mandates other statutory changes or directs PHMSA to develop additional rulemaking. 17 It is unclear how the adoption of these new PHMSA rules could impact our pipeline assets and operations, including our operational costs. While some revised regulations require the installation of new or modified safety controls and the implementation of new capital projects or accelerated maintenance programs, which may increase our operational costs, other rulemaking initiatives are intended to be deregulatory in nature. We may also be affected by lost cash flows resulting from shutting down our pipelines during the pendency of any repairs and any testing, maintenance, and repair of pipeline facilities downstream from our own facilities. Every state in which we operate is certified by PHMSA to regulate the safety of intrastate gas pipeline facilities consistent with the federal safety standards, and some of these states apply additional or more stringent safety standards or reporting requirements to intrastate gas pipeline facilities in their respective jurisdictions. We may incur significant costs and liabilities associated with repair, remediation, preventive or mitigation measures associated with complying with these additional or more stringent state requirements, including for certain gas gathering lines or other pipeline facilities that are not currently subject to PHMSA’s regulations. The costs, if any, for repair, remediation, preventive or mitigating actions that may be determined to be necessary, as well as lost cash flows resulting from shutting down our pipelines during the pendency of such actions, could be material. We incur significant costs in complying with U.S. federal and state pipeline safety laws and regulations and otherwise administering our pipeline safety program, but we do not believe such costs of compliance will materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we cannot predict the outcome of pending or future legislative or regulatory initiatives, we anticipate that pipeline safety requirements will continue to become more stringent over time. As a result, we may incur significant additional costs to comply with the new pipeline safety regulations, the pending pipeline safety regulations, and any new pipeline safety laws and regulations associated with our pipeline facilities, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Should we fail to comply with PHMSA or state regulations, where applicable, we could be subject to penalties and fines. PHMSA has the statutory authority to impose civil penalties for pipeline safety violations up to a maximum of approximately $272,926 per day for each violation and approximately $2.73 million for a related series of violations (as adjusted for inflation as prescribed in 2025). This maximum penalty authority established by statute will continue to be adjusted periodically to account for inflation, including in 2026. Our operations are in substantial compliance with all existing U.S. federal, state and local pipeline safety laws and regulations. However, the adoption of new laws and regulations, such as those proposed by PHMSA, could result in significant added costs or delays in service or the termination of projects, which could have a material adverse effect on us in the future. In the course of operating our pipeline facilities, we may experience a leak or a rupture on our system. These leaks and ruptures may cause explosions, fire, damage to the environment, damage to property, personal injury and/or death. Depending on the circumstances of the leak or rupture, PHMSA or the state agent may require that certain pipeline assets remain out of service and/or operate at a significantly reduced operating pressure until certain corrective measures are performed and a return to normal operation is approved by PHMSA or the state agent. In addition to any regulatory fines or corrective measures, we may be sued for any damages. Depending upon the facts and circumstances of a particular incident, state and federal regulatory authorities may also seek civil and/or criminal fines and penalties. Natural Gas Storage Regulation We operate natural gas storage facilities in Michigan as interstate facilities regulated by PHMSA and provide interstate storage and related services pursuant to a FERC-approved tariff. As such, our natural gas storage facilities are required to meet the federal safety standards as required by 49 C.F.R. §192.12, Underground natural gas storage facilities. New regulations that may expand requirements for underground natural gas storage facilities were under development by PHMSA based on the May 2023 PHMSA Notice of Proposed Rulemaking entitled "Gas Pipeline Leak Detection and Repair." PHMSA submitted a final rule for publication in the Federal Register in January 2025, which was subsequently withdrawn for further review by PHMSA with no projected timeframe for finalizing the regulations and the rulemaking has been classified as a long-term action in the Department of Transportation's regulatory agenda. Our operations are in substantial compliance with 49 C.F.R. §192.12, Underground natural gas storage facilities. However, the adoption of new laws and regulations could result in significant added costs or delays in service or the termination of projects, which could have a material adverse effect on us in the future. 18 Environmental and Occupational Health and Safety Regulations General. Our operations are subject to U.S. federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, wildlife conservation, natural resources and worker health and safety. These laws and regulations require the acquisition of and compliance with permits and the installation of pollution control equipment or replacement of aging pipelines and other facilities; limit or prohibit construction activities in sensitive areas such as wetlands, wilderness or areas that provide habitat for endangered or threatened species; require investigatory and remedial actions to mitigate or eliminate pollution conditions caused by our operations or attributable to former operations; and apply health and safety criteria addressing worker protections. In addition, our operations and construction activities are subject to county and local ordinances that restrict the time, place or manner in which those activities may be conducted to reduce or mitigate nuisance-type conditions, such as, for example, excessive levels of dust or noise or increased traffic congestion. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties; the occurrence of delays or cancellations in the permitting or performance or expansion of projects; the denial or termination of project authorizations; the imposition of restrictions or limitations on project authorizations; the addition or removal of conditions or terms in project authorizations; the issuance of injunctions limiting or preventing some or all of our operations in a particular area; and, under certain environmental laws, citizen suits, in which individuals and environmental organizations act in the place of the government and sue operators for alleged violations of environmental law. We have implemented programs and policies designed to keep our pipelines and other facilities in compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations, and we incur significant costs in connection with compliance. We also incur, and expect to continue to incur, additional costs with respect to construction as existing environmental laws and regulations impact the cost of planning, design, permitting, installation and start-up, and with respect to capital expenditures for pollution control equipment that is necessary to achieve emission and discharge standards included in our permits. Moreover, we incur, and expect to continue to incur, additional costs in connection with spill response. Spills can result in significant costs associated with the investigation and remediation of contaminated facilities, and with injury and damage claims arising from releases and related contamination. The timing and complete extent of future expenditures related to environmental matters is difficult to estimate accurately because, among other things, interpretation and enforcement of environmental laws and regulations are constantly changing, our pollution control and clean-up cost estimates may change, especially when our current estimates are based on preliminary site investigations or agreements, and new contaminated facilities and sites may be found, or what we know about existing sites and facilities could change. We do not believe that our compliance with environmental legal requirements will materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Nonetheless, the trend in environmental regulation is to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that may affect human health or the environment. Thus, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of future expenditures for environmental compliance or remediation, and actual future expenditures may be significantly in excess of the amounts we currently anticipate. For example, we try to anticipate future regulatory requirements that might be imposed and plan accordingly to remain in compliance with changing environmental laws and regulations and to minimize the costs of such compliance. While we are in substantial compliance with existing environmental laws and regulations, additional, unplanned measures and expenditures may be required to maintain compliance in the future. The following is a discussion of several of the principal environmental laws and regulations, as amended from time to time, which relate to our business. 19 Hazardous Substances and Waste . CERCLA and comparable state laws impose liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on current and prior owners or operators of the sites where a release of hazardous substances occurred or extends and companies that transported, disposed or arranged for the transportation or disposal of the hazardous substances released. Under CERCLA, these "responsible parties" may be subject to strict and joint and several liability for the costs of cleaning up the hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources, and for the costs of certain health studies. CERCLA also authorizes the EPA and, in some instances, third parties to act in response to threats to the public health or the environment and to seek to recover from the responsible parties the costs they incur. It is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by hazardous substances or other pollutants released into the environment. We generate materials in the course of our ordinary operations that are regulated as "hazardous substances" under CERCLA or similar state laws and, as a result, may be jointly and severally liable under CERCLA, or such laws, for all or part of the costs required to clean up sites at which these hazardous substances have been released into the environment. In the ordinary course of our operations, we generate solid wastes and in some instances hazardous wastes, which are subject to the requirements of RCRA and comparable state statutes. While RCRA regulates both solid and hazardous wastes, it imposes strict requirements on the generation, storage, treatment, transportation and disposal of hazardous wastes. While certain petroleum production wastes are excluded from RCRA’s hazardous waste regulations, it is possible that these wastes will in the future be designated as "hazardous wastes" and be subject to more rigorous and costly disposal requirements, which could have a material adverse effect on our maintenance capital expenditures and operating expenses. We own, lease or operate properties where hydrocarbons are being or have been handled for many years, by us and by former owners or operators, and we send hydrocarbons and wastes to third-party sites for treatment or disposal. Under CERCLA, RCRA and analogous state laws, we could be required to remove or remediate previously disposed or released wastes (including wastes disposed of or released by prior owners or operators), to clean up contaminated property (including contaminated groundwater) or to perform remedial operations to prevent future contamination, as well as to reimburse for or contribute to the remediation of third-party disposal and treatment sites. We are not currently aware of any facts, events or conditions relating to the application of such requirements that could reasonably materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Air Emissions . The U.S. federal Clean Air Act and comparable state laws and regulations restrict the emission of air pollutants from various industrial sources, including our compressor stations, and also impose various pre-construction, operational, monitoring and reporting requirements. Such laws and regulations may require that we obtain pre-approval for the construction or modification of certain projects or facilities, obtain and strictly comply with air permits containing various emissions and operational limitations, and utilize specific emission control technologies to limit emissions. Our failure to comply with these requirements could subject us to monetary penalties, injunctions, conditions or restrictions on operations and, potentially, criminal enforcement actions. We may be required to incur certain capital expenditures in the future for air pollution control equipment in connection with obtaining and maintaining permits and approvals for air emissions. Compliance with these requirements may require modifications to certain of our operations, including the installation of new equipment to control emissions from our compressors that could result in significant costs, increased capital expenditures and operating costs, and could adversely affect our business. Further, the permitting, regulatory compliance and reporting programs, taken as a whole, increase the costs and complexity of oil and gas operations with potential to adversely affect the cost of doing business for our customers resulting in reduced demand for our gas processing and transportation services. Although we can give no assurances, we believe such requirements will not materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations, and the requirements are not expected to be more burdensome to us than to any similarly situated midstream company. 20 Climate Change . Legislative and regulatory measures to address climate change and GHG emissions are in various phases of discussion or implementation. The EPA regulates GHG emissions from new and modified facilities that are potential major sources of criteria pollutants under the Clean Air Act’s Prevention of Significant Deterioration and Title V programs and has adopted regulations that require, among other things, preconstruction and operating permits for certain large stationary sources and the monitoring and annual reporting of GHGs from certain onshore oil and natural gas production sources. On December 2, 2023, the EPA released a final rule to regulate GHG emissions (in the form of methane limitations, as well as design, equipment, work practice, and operational standards) and volatile organic compound emissions from crude oil and natural gas production, processing, transmission, and storage. The final rule includes standards of performance for new, modified, and reconstructed sources and emission guidelines for existing sources. On December 3, 2025, the EPA published a final rule extending the compliance deadlines for certain requirements set forth in the rule released on December 2, 2023. Additionally, the U.S. Congress, along with U.S. federal and state agencies, has considered measures to reduce the emissions of GHGs. On August 16, 2022, the U.S. Congress enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, pursuant to which EPA issued regulations (announced November 12, 2024) that impose a charge on methane emissions that exceed certain thresholds from offshore and onshore petroleum and natural gas production, onshore natural gas processing, onshore natural gas transmission compression, certain kinds of natural gas and LNG storage, and onshore petroleum and natural gas gathering and boosting. On March 14, 2025, the President signed into law a joint resolution disapproving these regulations and rendering them without legal force of effect by operation of the Congressional Review Act. On July 4, 2025, the President signed the OBBBA, which amended the Clean Air Act to postpone the applicability of the waste emission charges set forth in the Inflation Reduction Act until calendar year 2034.   Legislation or regulation that levies a charge related to our GHG emissions or that restricts GHG emissions could increase our cost of environmental compliance by requiring us to install new equipment to reduce emissions from larger facilities; purchase emission allowances; administer and manage a GHG emissions program; and otherwise increase the costs of our operations, including costs to operate and maintain our facilities. FERC does not directly regulate GHG emissions. However, on February 17, 2022, FERC issued two policy statements providing guidance on its consideration of GHG emissions and other factors when reviewing proposed projects under the NGA. These policy statements have been the subject of public comments. On January 24, 2025, FERC issued an order terminating the Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions in Natural Gas Infrastructure Project Reviews proceeding. FERC instead said it will address GHG emissions issues on a case-by-case basis. PHMSA was working on a Congressionally-mandated rulemaking to impose leak detection and repair criteria to reduce GHG emissions associated with PHMSA-regulated gas pipeline facilities and underground natural gas storage facilities. PHMSA submitted a final rule for publication in the Federal Register in January 2025, which has since been withdrawn for further review by PHMSA with no timeframe for finalizing the regulations and the rulemaking has been classified as a long-term action in the Department of Transportation's regulatory agenda. If this rulemaking is finalized, we may incur additional expenses related to the requirements imposed by this rule, but do not expect these expenses to be material. The effect of climate change legislation or regulation on our business is currently uncertain. If we incur additional costs to comply with such legislation or regulations, we may not be able to pass on the higher costs to our customers or recover all the costs related to complying with such requirements, and any such recovery may depend on events beyond our control, including the outcome of future rate proceedings before FERC or state regulatory agencies and the provisions of any final legislation or implementing regulations. Our future business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected if such costs are not recovered through regulated rates or otherwise passed on to our customers. Additionally, our customers or suppliers may also be affected by legislation or regulation, which may adversely impact their demand for our services. Climate change and GHG legislation or regulation could also delay or otherwise negatively affect efforts to obtain permits and other regulatory approvals with regard to existing and new facilities or impose additional monitoring and reporting requirements. The effect of any new legislative or regulatory measures on us will depend on the particular provisions that are ultimately adopted. 21 Water Discharges . The U.S. federal Clean Water Act and analogous state laws impose restrictions and strict controls regarding the discharge of pollutants or dredged and fill material into state waters as well as WOTUS, including adjacent wetlands. The discharge of pollutants into regulated waters is prohibited, except in accordance with the terms of permits issued by the EPA, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and/or an analogous state agency. The definition of WOTUS has been the subject of multiple regulatory interpretations and judicial decisions in recent years. In May 2023, the U.S. Supreme Court issued its decision in Sackett v. Environmental Protection Agency , which adopted a narrower test for wetlands covered under the Clean Water Act; and, in August 2023, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers promulgated final rule amendments for a new WOTUS definition that conformed to the Supreme Court's Sackett decision. The definition remains subject to litigation, with opponents arguing it is not sufficiently narrow. In November of 2025, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers proposed a narrower regulatory definition of WOTUS, but the definition has not yet been finalized. While recent and future changes to the definition may ease permitting in certain circumstances, continued controversy over the WOTUS definition may result in uncertainty, costs and delays with respect to obtaining permits for activities in jurisdictional waters, including wetlands. Spill prevention, control and countermeasure requirements of U.S. federal laws require appropriate containment berms and similar structures to help prevent the contamination of regulated waters in the event of a hydrocarbon spill, rupture or leak. In addition, the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws require individual permits or coverage under general permits for discharges of storm water runoff from certain types of facilities. These permits may require us to monitor and sample the storm water runoff from some of our facilities. The Clean Water Act and regulations implemented thereunder also prohibit discharges of dredged and fill material in wetlands and other waters of the U.S. unless authorized by an appropriately issued permit. Some states also maintain groundwater protection programs that require permits for discharges or operations that may impact groundwater conditions. U.S. federal and state regulatory agencies can impose administrative, civil and criminal penalties for non-compliance with discharge permits or other requirements of the Clean Water Act and analogous state laws. We believe that compliance with existing permits and foreseeable new permit requirements will not materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. National Environmental Policy Act. The construction of interstate natural gas transportation pipelines pursuant to the NGA requires authorization from FERC. Certain FERC actions relating to such pipelines are subject to NEPA, which requires U.S. federal agencies, such as FERC, to evaluate major U.S. federal actions having the potential to significantly affect the environment. During such evaluations, an agency will prepare a detailed Environmental Impact Statement unless it has found on the basis of an environmental assessment that no significant effect is likely. Such NEPA analyses have the potential to significantly delay or limit, and significantly increase the cost of, development of midstream infrastructure. Under the prior presidential administration, the White House Council on Environmental Quality implemented actions that generally require agencies to undertake more searching inquiries during their NEPA reviews of new projects that require federal permits. However, on November 12, 2024, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit Court issued an opinion in Marin Audubon Society v. Federal Aviation Administration finding that the Council’s regulations exceed the Council’s authority and do not bind the federal agencies. On February 25, 2025, the Council published an interim final rule removing the Council's regulations implementing NEPA. On May 29, 2025, the U.S. Supreme Court issued its decision in Seven County Infrastructure Coalition v. Eagle County, Colorado, holding that NEPA reviews need not address the effects of separate projects, including downstream projects. Following these events and in compliance with various Executive Orders, federal agencies rescinded or substantially revised their own NEPA regulations and issued NEPA procedures in line with Seven County Infrastructure Coalition v. Eagle County, Colorado, and with the presidential administration's policies regarding streamlining reviews. Hydraulic Fracturing . We do not operate any assets that conduct hydraulic fracturing. However, our customers’ natural gas production is developed from unconventional sources that require hydraulic fracturing as part of the completion process. Hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of water, sand and chemicals under pressure into the formation to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate crude oil and natural gas production. The process is regulated by state agencies, typically the state’s commission that regulates oil and gas production. A number of U.S. federal agencies, including the EPA and the U.S. Department of Energy, have analyzed, or have been requested to review, a variety of environmental issues associated with hydraulic fracturing. In addition, some states have adopted, and other states are considering adopting, regulations that could impose more stringent disclosure and/or well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing operations. 22 Certain state and U.S. federal regulatory agencies are also focused on a possible connection between hydraulic fracturing-related activities, including wastewater disposal, and the increased occurrence of seismic activity. When caused by human activity, such events are called induced seismicity. In a few instances, operators of injection disposal wells in the vicinity of seismic events have been ordered by regulatory agencies to reduce injection volumes or suspend operations. Additionally, some state regulatory agencies have modified their regulations or issued orders to restrict disposal wells or enhance well construction and monitoring requirements. These developments could result in additional regulation and restrictions on the use of injection disposal wells and hydraulic fracturing. The adoption of new laws, regulations or ordinances at the U.S. federal, state or local levels imposing more stringent restrictions on hydraulic fracturing or wastewater disposal could make it more difficult for our customers to complete natural gas wells, increase customers’ costs of compliance and doing business, and otherwise adversely affect the hydraulic fracturing services they perform, which could negatively impact demand for our services. Endangered Species Act . The ESA restricts activities that may adversely affect endangered and threatened species or their habitats and it makes illegal the "take" of any protected species. U.S. federal agencies are required to ensure that any action authorized, funded or carried out by them is not likely to jeopardize the continued existence of listed species or modify their critical habitat. While some of our facilities are located in areas that are designated as habitats for endangered or threatened species, we have not incurred any material costs to comply or restrictions on our operations and we believe that we are in substantial compliance with the ESA. The designation of previously unprotected species as being endangered or threatened, or the designation of previously unprotected areas as a critical habitat for such species, could cause us to incur additional costs, result in delays in construction of pipelines and facilities, cause us to become subject to operating restrictions in areas where the species are known to exist or could result in limitations on our customers’ exploration and production activities that could have an adverse impact on demand for our services. For example, the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has received hundreds of petitions to consider listing additional species as endangered or threatened and is being regularly sued or threatened with lawsuits to address these petitions. Compliance with all applicable laws providing special protection for designated species has not posed a material cost on our business and operations to date. Employee Health and Safety. We are subject to a number of U.S. federal and state laws and regulations, including OSHA, and comparable state statutes, whose purpose is to protect the health and safety of workers. In addition, the OSHA hazard communication standard, the EPA community "right-to-know" regulations, and comparable state laws and regulations require that information be maintained concerning hazardous materials used or produced in our operations and that this information be provided to employees, state and local government authorities and citizens. We are also subject to OSHA Process Safety Management regulations, which are designed to prevent or minimize the consequences of catastrophic releases of toxic, reactive, flammable or explosive chemicals. We are also subject to the EPA Risk Management Program, which addresses the prevention of chemical accidents and preparedness for emergencies. In February 2024, the EPA issued a final rule amending the Risk Management Program’s implementing regulations. The amended regulations impose numerous new or heightened requirements concerning incident investigations, third-party compliance auditing, consideration of alternative chemicals and technologies, and evaluation of risks from natural hazards and climate change, among other issues. The U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit has granted an EPA motion to hold a challenge of the final rule in abeyance to allow time for EPA to review the rule in relation to the administration’s policies. We are in substantial compliance with all applicable laws and regulations relating to worker health and safety. Historically, worker safety and health compliance costs have not materially adversely affected our business, financial condition and results of operations; however, there can be no assurance that such costs will not be material in the future or that such future compliance will not materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. While we may increase future expenditures to comply with higher industry and regulatory safety standards, such increases in costs of compliance, and the extent to which they might be recoverable through our rates, cannot be estimated at this time. 23

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, customers and other business partners. We depend on both our own systems, networks and technology, as well as the systems, networks and technology of our vendors, customers, and other business partners, including our joint venture partners. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations. 37 Our increasing reliance on digital technologies puts us at risk for system failures, disruptions, incidents, data breaches and cyberattacks, which could significantly impair our ability to conduct our business. Cyberattacks are becoming more sophisticated and include, but are not limited to, ransomware, credential stuffing, spear phishing, social engineering, AI-powered attacks, and other attempts to gain unauthorized access to data for purposes of extortion or malfeasance. The methodologies used by attackers change frequently and may not be recognized until such attack is underway. In April 2022, the cybersecurity authorities of the United States, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom issued a joint cybersecurity advisory warning of the increased risks of Russian state-sponsored cyberattacks following the international response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. We expect to continue to be targeted by cyberattacks as a critical infrastructure company. We may not be able to anticipate, detect or prevent all cyberattacks, and the threat or occurrence of a cyberattack affecting our information technology systems or the information technology systems of our counterparties, depending on the extent or duration of the event, could materially adversely affect us, including by leading to corruption, misappropriation or loss of our proprietary and sensitive data, delays (which could be significant) in the performance of services for our customers, difficulty in completing and settling transactions, challenges in maintaining our books and records, communication interruptions, environmental damage, regulatory scrutiny, personal injury or death, property damage and other operational disruptions, as well as damage to our reputation, financial condition and cash flows and potential legal claims and liabilities. Treated gas produced by Clean Fuels Gathering may not qualify for federal income tax credits for clean fuel production as had been projected. The economic proceeds from Clean Fuels Gathering are expected to come from sales of treated gas, carbon offsets, and federal income tax credits. Clean Fuels Gathering produced gas may not qualify for federal income tax credits. The income tax credit value could be lower and/or uncertain compared to economic expectations. A change in tax law could lower or eliminate Clean Fuels Gathering from qualifying or receiving federal income tax credits, which would impact its projected economic return. Risks Related to the Separation We agreed to numerous restrictions to preserve the non-recognition treatment of the Distribution, and we could have an indemnification obligation to DTE Energy in accordance with the terms of the Tax Matters Agreement if the Distribution were determined not to qualify for non-recognition treatment for U.S. federal tax purposes. We agreed in the Tax Matters Agreement to covenants and indemnification obligations that address compliance with Section 355(e) of the Internal Revenue Code. These covenants and indemnification obligations may limit our ability to pursue strategic transactions or engage in new businesses that may otherwise maximize the value of our Company and might discourage or delay a strategic transaction that our shareholders may consider favorable. Additionally, if it were determined that the Distribution did not qualify as a distribution to which Section 355(a), Section 355(c) and Section 361 of the Internal Revenue Code apply, we could, under certain circumstances, be required to indemnify DTE Energy for the resulting taxes and related expenses. The Separation may expose us to potential liabilities arising out of state and U.S. federal fraudulent conveyance laws and legal dividend requirements. If DTE Energy files for bankruptcy or is otherwise determined or deemed to be insolvent under U.S. federal bankruptcy laws, a court could deem the Separation or certain internal restructuring transactions undertaken by DTE Energy in connection with the Separation to be a fraudulent conveyance or transfer. Fraudulent conveyances or transfers are defined to include transfers made or obligations incurred with the actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud current or future creditors, or transfers made or obligations incurred for less than a reasonably equivalent value when the debtor was insolvent, or that rendered the debtor insolvent, inadequately capitalized or unable to pay its debts as they become due. A court could void the transactions or impose substantial liabilities upon us, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Among other things, a court could require our shareholders to return to DTE Energy some or all of the shares of our common stock issued in the Separation or require us to fund liabilities of other companies involved in the restructuring transactions for the benefit of creditors. The distribution of our common stock is also subject to review under state corporate distribution statutes. Although DTE Energy intended to make a lawful distribution of our common stock, we cannot assure you that a court will not later determine that some or all of the Distribution to DTE Energy shareholders was unlawful. 38 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy To identify, assess and manage the material risks of cybersecurity threats to our business, operations and control environments, we have made investments in our technology and have implemented policies, programs and controls, with a focus on cybersecurity incident prevention and mitigation. Our cybersecurity program is integrated into our risk management process as a distinct risk category of the Company’s enterprise risk management framework and evaluated using the same methodologies applied to other enterprise risks. The program operates under Board-level oversight through the Audit Committee and is managed by a dedicated cybersecurity team that is responsible for leading enterprise-wide cybersecurity strategy, policy, standards, architecture, and processes. The program is aligned with industry standards and best practices, such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework, and is responsive to emerging threat vectors, including AI-powered attacks. As part of our cybersecurity process, we engage external experts and consultants to assess our cybersecurity program and compliance with applicable practices and standards. The Company mitigates risks from cybersecurity incidents using a multifaceted approach which includes but is not limited to: establishing information security policies, implementing information protection processes and technologies, assessing cybersecurity risk, implementing cybersecurity training, monitoring our information technology systems, and collaborating with public and private organizations on best practices. This approach includes processes to oversee and identify risks associated with third‑party service providers, including risk‑based due diligence, contractual security obligations, and ongoing vendor oversight. The Company is currently in material compliance with relevant information privacy and cybersecurity governmental standards with which it is required to comply. The Company has not experienced a material cybersecurity incident during the year ended December 31, 2025. For more information on how material cybersecurity incidents may impact our business, see Part I,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components including fixed demand charges and fixed deficiency fee rates for MVCs, and variable components including fixed rates for the actual volumes flowed under interruptible services and other associated fees. 69 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Our contracts with customers generally contain a single performance obligation, which is a promise to deliver either a distinct service or a series of distinct services to the customer. When multiple performance obligations exist, the contract consideration is allocated between the performance obligations based on the relative standalone selling price, which is determined by prices charged to customers or the adjusted market assessment approach. The adjusted market assessment approach involves evaluating the market in which we sell services and estimating the price that a customer in that market would be willing to pay. Revenue is recognized when performance obligations are satisfied by delivering a service to a customer, which occurs when the service is provided to the customer. When a customer simultaneously receives and consumes the service provided, revenue is recognized over time. Alternatively, if it is determined that the criteria for recognition of revenue over time is not met, the revenue is considered to be recognized at a point in time. Our revenues, including estimated unbilled amounts, are generally recognized over time as actual services are provided, or ratably over time when providing a stand-ready service. Unbilled amounts are generally determined using preliminary meter data volumes and contracted pricing, and typically result in minor adjustments. Generally, uncertainties in the variable consideration components are resolved and revenue amounts are known at the time of recognition. We have determined that the above methods represent a faithful depiction of delivering a service to the customer. Revenues are typically billed and consideration received monthly, however, certain deficiency fees related to MVCs are billed quarterly or annually. Disaggregation of Revenue The following is a summary of revenues disaggregated by segment: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (millions) Pipeline (a) $ 687 $ 443 $ 377 Gathering 556 538 545 Total operating revenues $ 1,243 $ 981 $ 922 __________________________________ (a)    Includes revenues outside the scope of ASC 606 primarily related to contracts accounted for as leases of $ 78 million, $ 9 million and $ 7 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The lease income increased for the year ended December 31, 2025 from the operating lease obtained as part of the Midwest Pipeline Acquisition. Nature of Services We primarily provide two types of revenue services: firm service and interruptible service. Firm service revenue contracts provide for fixed revenue commitments regardless of actual volumes of natural gas that flow, which leads to more stable operating performance, revenues and cash flows and limits our exposure to natural gas price fluctuations. Firm service revenue contracts are typically long-term and structured using fixed demand charges or MVCs with fixed deficiency fee rates. Contracts structured using fixed demand charges contain a performance obligation of a stand-ready series of distinct services that are substantially the same with the same pattern of transfer to the customer, therefore revenue is recognized ratably over time. Contracts structured using MVCs with fixed deficiency fee rates require customers to transport or store a minimum volume of natural gas over a specified time period. If a customer fails to meet its MVCs for the specified time period, the contract consideration includes a fixed rate for the actual volumes gathered, transported or stored, and a deficiency fee for the shortfall between the MVCs and the actual volumes gathered, transported, or stored. If a customer exceeds its MVC for the specified time period, the contract consideration is based on fixed rates for the actual volumes gathered, transported, or stored. The contract consideration is allocated to each distinct monthly performance obligation, consistent with the allocation objective and based upon the level of effort required to satisfy the service obligation. Revenues are generally recognized over time based on the output measure of natural gas volumes gathered, transported, or stored, with the recognition of the deficiency fee revenue in the period when it is known the customer cannot make up the deficient volumes in the specified time period. Interruptible service revenue contracts typically contain fixed rates, with total consideration dependent on actual natural gas volumes that flow. Interruptible service revenues are recognized over time based on the output measure of natural gas volumes gathered, transported, or stored. Certain of our contracts allow for the recovery of production-related operating expenses, which are offsetting in revenue and operating expense. Recovery of production-related operating expenses were $ 61 million, $ 51 million and $ 53 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively . 70 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Contract Liabilities The following is a summary of contract liability activity: 2025 2024 (millions) Balance as of January 1 $ 153 $ 129 Increases due to cash received or receivable, excluding amounts recognized as revenue during the period (a) 69 47 Revenue recognized that was included in the balance at the beginning of the period ( 37 ) ( 23 ) Balance as of December 31 $ 185 $ 153 __________________________________ (a)    During the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we collected prepayment amounts from customers under various long-term revenue contracts on Ohio Utica Gathering, Appalachia Gathering, Blue Union Gathering and LEAP. Contract liabilities generally represent amounts paid by or receivable from customers for which the associated performance obligation has not yet been satisfied. Contract liabilities associated with these services are recognized upon delivery of the service to the customer. The following table presents contract liability amounts as of December 31, 2025 that are expected to be recognized as revenue in future periods: (millions) 2026 $ 25 2027 24 2028 22 2029 22 2030 22 2031 and thereafter 70 Total $ 185 Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations In accordance with optional exemptions available under ASC 606, we do not disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for (1) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less, (2) with the exception of fixed consideration, contracts for which the amount of revenue recognized depends upon our invoices for actual volumes gathered, transported, or stored, and (3) contracts for which variable consideration relates entirely to an unsatisfied performance obligation. Such contracts consist of various types of performance obligations, including providing midstream services. Contracts with variable volumes and/or variable pricing, including those with pricing provisions tied to a consumer price or other index, have also been excluded as the related contract consideration is variable at the contract inception. Contract lengths vary from cancellable to multi-year. The following table presents revenue amounts related to fixed consideration associated with unsatisfied performance obligations as of December 31, 2025 that are expected to be recognized as revenue in future periods: (millions) 2026 $ 259 2027 209 2028 154 2029 126 2030 106 2031 and thereafter 287 Total $ 1,141 71 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Costs to Obtain or Fulfill a Contract We recognize an asset from the costs incurred to obtain a revenue contract only if we expect to recover those costs. In addition, the costs to fulfill a revenue contract are capitalized if the costs are specifically identifiable to a revenue contract, would result in enhancing resources that will be used in satisfying performance obligations in the future, and are expected to be recovered. These capitalized costs are amortized on a systematic basis consistent with the pattern of transfer of the services to which such costs relate. As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had capitalized costs to obtain or fulfill a contract of $ 17 million and $ 18 million, respectively, which are included in other current assets and other noncurrent assets in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 we recognized $ 1 million of amortization expense related to such capitalized costs. Major Customers The following table summarizes customers which represent 10% or more of our total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. Both Pipeline and Gathering segments provide services to these customers. 2025 2024 2023 Customer Percentage Customer Percentage Customer Percentage Revenue of Total Revenue of Total Revenue of Total Customer: (millions, except percentages) Expand Energy $ 560 45 % $ 555 56 % $ 560 60 % NOTE 5 — GOODWILL We have goodwill that resulted from business combinations. The carrying value of goodwill is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis or whenever events or circumstances indicate that the value of goodwill may be impaired. We performed our annual impairment test as of October 1, 2025 and determined that the estimated fair value of each reporting unit exceeded its carrying value, and no impairment existed. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we recorded a net $ 5 million increase to Pipeline goodwill related to measurement period adjustments from the Midwest Pipeline Acquisition completed December 31, 2024. See Note 16, "Acquisition" to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The following is the summary of the change in the carrying amount of goodwill: 2025 2024 (millions) Balance at January 1 $ 776 $ 473 Goodwill attributable to the Midwest Pipeline Acquisition (including measurement period adjustments) 5 303 Balance at December 31 $ 781 $ 776 The following is a summary of the carrying value of goodwill by reporting unit: December 31, 2025 2024 (millions) Pipeline $ 361 $ 356 Gathering 420 420 Total goodwill $ 781 $ 776 While we believe the estimates and assumptions in the estimated fair value are reasonable, the actual results may differ from projections. To the extent projected results or cash flows are revised downward, the reporting unit may be required to write down all or a portion of its goodwill, which would adversely impact our earnings. 72 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements NOTE 6 — PROPERTY, PLANT, AND EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS Property, Plant, and Equipment The following is a summary of Property, plant, and equipment by classification: Average Estimated Useful Life December 31, 2025 2024 (years) (millions) Property, plant, and equipment Land and other non-depreciable assets N/A $ 105 $ 105 Rights of way and easements 25 to 53 168 168 Pipelines and interconnects 10 to 95 4,699 4,437 Facilities and processing plants 7 to 50 1,656 1,364 Wells and well equipment 40 to 70 70 70 General plant 3 to 40 73 60 Construction in progress N/A 187 321 Total Property, plant, and equipment 6,958 6,525 Less accumulated depreciation ( 1,192 ) ( 998 ) Net Property, plant, and equipment $ 5,766 $ 5,527 Intangible Assets The following is a summary of Intangible Assets by classification: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Useful Lives Gross Carrying Value Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value Gross Carrying Value Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Value (millions) Intangible assets subject to amortization Customer relationships 3 - 40 years (a) $ 2,262 $ ( 403 ) $ 1,859 $ 2,262 $ ( 345 ) $ 1,917 Contract intangibles 14 - 26 years 18 ( 15 ) 3 18 ( 14 ) 4 Total $ 2,280 $ ( 418 ) $ 1,862 $ 2,280 $ ( 359 ) $ 1,921 _____________________________________ (a)    The useful lives of the customer relationship intangible assets are based on the number of years in which the assets are expected to economically contribute to the business. The expected economic benefit incorporates existing customer contracts and expected renewal rates based on the estimated volume and production lives of natural gas resources in each region. The following table summarizes estimated customer relationships and contract intangibles amortization expense to be recognized during each year through 2030: 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 (millions) Estimated amortization expense $ 60 $ 60 $ 59 $ 59 $ 56 Depreciation and Amortization The following is a summary of depreciation and amortization expense by asset type: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (millions) Property, plant, and equipment $ 198 $ 152 $ 125 Customer relationships and other intangible assets, net 60 57 57 Total Depreciation and amortization $ 258 $ 209 $ 182 73 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements NOTE 7 — INCOME TAXES Significant Accounting Policy – Accounting for Income Taxes We record the effect of income taxes in accordance with GAAP, which provides for the use of an asset and liability approach. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for temporary differences between the basis of assets and liabilities for financial reporting and tax purposes and measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities as a result of changes in the enacted tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period of enactment. Our recognition of deferred tax assets is based upon a more-likely-than-not criterion. We routinely assess realizability based on objectively-weighted, available positive and negative evidence. We account for uncertainties in income taxes using a benefit recognition model with a two-step approach: a more-likely-than-not recognition criterion, and a measurement attribute that measures the position as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than a 50% likelihood of being realized upon ultimate settlement. If the benefit does not meet the more likely than not criteria for being sustained on its technical merits, no benefit will be recorded. Uncertain tax positions that relate only to timing of when an item is included on a tax return are considered to have met the recognition threshold. Midwest Pipeline Acquisition The Midwest Pipeline Acquisition, which closed on December 31, 2024, was treated as a deemed asset acquisition for federal and state income tax purposes pursuant to an Internal Revenue Code §338(h)(10) election. Accordingly, the majority of deferred income tax assets and liabilities of the acquired entities were eliminated as the tax bases were increased to fair market value which equals net book value. The election resulted in tax-deductible goodwill which was subject to revision during the applicable one-year measurement period. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we completed the tax purchase price allocation study under Internal Revenue Code §1060, and tax goodwill was adjusted accordingly. As a result of changes to state apportionment factors and rates due to the Midwest Pipeline Acquisition, during the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded a remeasurement to increase the existing deferred income tax liabilities of DT Midstream (acquiring entity) by $ 22 million which was charged to income tax expense. Tax Legislation On July 4, 2025, the OBBBA was signed into law in the U.S., which contains a broad range of tax reform provisions that amend, eliminate, and extend tax rules under the Inflation Reduction Act. Impacts to the Company of the OBBBA include permanent reinstatement of bonus depreciation on qualified property and modifications to the calculation for excess business interest expense limitation to the current tax estimate. The impact will defer the payment of a portion of our current federal tax for multiple years, but because our tax provision is based on both current and deferred tax, the impact to our income statement is not material. As part of tax reform enacted in December 2024, the State of Louisiana implemented a flat 5.5% corporate income tax rate (previously tiered from 3.5% to 7.5%) effective January 1, 2025. In accordance with tax accounting guidance, DT Midstream recorded a deferred income tax benefit of $ 4 million as of December 31, 2024. Other enacted law changes include the repeal of the Louisiana franchise tax and increased state sales and use tax rates, which will take effect in future years and are not expected to have a material impact on the financial statements. On July 8, 2022, the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania enacted House Bill 1342 which includes a corporate income tax rate reduction from 9.99% to 4.99% that will phase-in over a nine-year period. 74 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Income before income taxes, by tax jurisdiction, was as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (millions) United States $ 596 $ 502 $ 499 Canada 2 2 1 Total income before income taxes $ 598 $ 504 $ 500 Our total Income Tax Expense varied from the statutory federal income tax rate for the following reasons: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent (millions, except percentages) Income tax expense at U.S. federal statutory rate $ 126 21.0 % $ 106 21.0 % $ 105 21.0 % State and local income taxes, net of federal income tax effect (a) 24 4.0 % 33 6.6 % — — Other, net ( 6 ) ( 0.9 )% ( 2 ) ( 0.3 )% ( 1 ) ( 0.1 )% Income Tax Expense and Effective Income Tax Rate $ 144 24.1 % $ 137 27.3 % $ 104 20.9 % _____________________________ (a)    The state that contributed to the majority (greater than 50%) of the tax effect in this category was Louisiana in each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. The State and local income taxes, net of federal effect line in the table above includes state deferred remeasurements recorded in each of the respective years discussed below. Our 2025 effective tax rate includes $ 22 million of state and local statutory tax expense in addition to a $ 2 million expense driven by updates to state rates and apportionment factors primarily related to tax legislation, as discussed above. Our 2024 effective tax rate includes $ 18 million of state and local statutory tax expense in addition to a $ 15 million expense driven by updates to state rates and apportionment factors, primarily related to the Midwest Pipeline Acquisition and tax legislation, as discussed above. Our 2023 effective tax rate includes $ 18 million of state and local statutory tax expense offset by the impact of state tax rate changes of an $ 18 million benefit driven by changes in tax status and updates to state apportionment which were completed in 2023 as a part of ongoing corporate tax structuring, simplification initiatives, and initial post-separation full-year tax return filings. 75 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Components of Income tax expense were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (millions) Current income tax expense (benefit) Federal $ 1 $ 13 $ ( 4 ) State and other 6 4 ( 2 ) Total current income tax expense (benefit) 7 17 ( 6 ) Deferred income tax expense Federal 114 84 109 State and other 23 36 1 Total deferred income tax expense 137 120 110 Total Income Tax Expense $ 144 $ 137 $ 104 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax effect of temporary differences between the tax basis of assets or liabilities and the reported amounts in our Consolidated Financial Statements. We believe it is more likely than not that we will generate sufficient taxable income in future periods to realize our deferred tax assets. Deferred tax assets (liabilities) were comprised of the following: December 31, 2025 2024 (millions) Deferred income tax balance components Property, plant, and equipment $ ( 403 ) $ ( 369 ) Federal net operating loss carry-forward 110 117 State and local net operating loss carry-forward, net of federal benefit 86 75 Investment in equity method investees and partnerships ( 1,057 ) ( 970 ) Other ( 6 ) 18 Net deferred income tax liability $ ( 1,270 ) $ ( 1,129 ) Total deferred income tax assets and liabilities Deferred income tax assets $ 271 $ 266 Deferred income tax liabilities ( 1,541 ) ( 1,395 ) Net deferred income tax liability $ ( 1,270 ) $ ( 1,129 ) We have recorded a deferred tax asset related to a federal net operating loss carry-forward of $ 110 million as of December 31, 2025. U.S. federal net operating losses will be available to be carried forward indefinitely and available to offset 80% of taxable income in future years. We have recorded state and local deferred tax assets related to net operating loss carry-forwards of $ 86 million as of December 31, 2025. Of the state and local net operating loss carry-forwards, $ 80 million can be carried indefinitely and $ 6 million will expire from 2031 through 2043 and are available to offset varying amounts of taxable income in future years. 76 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Income taxes paid, net of refunds received, were as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (millions) Federal $ 2 $ 7 $ 6 Foreign - Canada 1 — — State and local Michigan 2 3 3 Minnesota 1 — — Pennsylvania ( 3 ) — 6 West Virginia 1 — 1 Other 1 2 6 Total state and local 2 5 16 Total Income Taxes Paid $ 5 $ 12 $ 22 Amounts paid to Canada reflect Canadian federal corporate tax withholding. Foreign tax expense was not material to the Company’s effective tax rate for the periods presented. Uncertain Tax Positions As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we did no t have any unrecognized tax benefits. Our income tax returns remain subject to examination by federal, state, and local taxing jurisdictions. NOTE 8 — EARNINGS PER SHARE AND DIVIDENDS Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing Net Income attributable to DT Midstream by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period. Diluted earnings per share reflect the dilution that would occur if any potentially dilutive instruments were exercised or converted into common shares, using the treasury stock method. Restricted stock units and performance share awards, including dividend equivalents on those grants, are potentially dilutive and, if dilutive, are included in the determination of weighted-average shares outstanding. Restricted stock units and performance share awards do not receive cash dividends, as such, these awards are not considered participating securities. In November 2024, we issued 4,168,750 common shares at a price to the public of $ 101.00 per share and received net proceeds of approximately $ 406 million which was used to partially fund the Midwest Pipeline Acquisition. See Note 16, "Acquisition" to the Consolidated Financial Statements. The following is a reconciliation of basic and diluted earnings per share: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (millions, except per share amounts) Basic and Diluted Earnings per Common Share Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream $ 441 $ 354 $ 384 Average number of common shares outstanding — basic 101.6 97.6 96.9 Incremental shares attributable to: Average dilutive restricted stock units and performance share awards 0.9 0.8 0.6 Average number of common shares outstanding — diluted 102.5 98.4 97.5 Basic Earnings per Common Share $ 4.34 $ 3.63 $ 3.97 Diluted Earnings per Common Share $ 4.30 $ 3.60 $ 3.94 77 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements We declared the following cash dividends: Dividends Declared Dividend Amount Dividend Payment Date (quarter ended) (per-share) (millions) 2023 March 31 $ 0.69 $ 67 April 2023 June 30 $ 0.69 $ 67 July 2023 September 30 $ 0.69 $ 67 October 2023 December 31 $ 0.69 $ 67 January 2024 2024 March 31 $ 0.735 $ 71 April 2024 June 30 $ 0.735 $ 71 July 2024 September 30 $ 0.735 $ 71 October 2024 December 31 $ 0.735 $ 75 January 2025 2025 March 31 $ 0.820 $ 83 April 2025 June 30 $ 0.820 $ 83 July 2025 September 30 $ 0.820 $ 83 October 2025 December 31 $ 0.820 $ 83 January 2026 NOTE 9 — FAIR VALUE Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date in a principal or most advantageous market. Fair value is a market-based measurement that is determined based on inputs, which refer broadly to assumptions that market participants use in pricing assets or liabilities. These inputs can be readily observable, market corroborated, or generally unobservable inputs. We make certain assumptions we believe that market participants would use in pricing assets or liabilities, including assumptions about risk, and the risks inherent in the inputs to valuation techniques. We believe we use valuation techniques that maximize the use of observable market-based inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs. Significant Accounting Policy – Fair Value A fair value hierarchy has been established that prioritizes the inputs to valuation techniques used to measure fair value in three broad levels. The fair value hierarchy gives the highest priority to quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1) and the lowest priority to unobservable inputs (Level 3). In some cases, the inputs used to measure fair value might fall in different levels of the fair value hierarchy. All assets and liabilities are required to be classified in their entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. Assessing the significance of a particular input may require judgment considering factors specific to the asset or liability and may affect the valuation of the asset or liability and its placement within the fair value hierarchy. We classify fair value balances based on the fair value hierarchy defined as follows: • Level 1 — Consists of unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that we have the ability to access as of the reporting date. • Level 2 — Consists of inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are directly observable for the assets or liabilities or indirectly observable through corroboration with observable market data. • Level 3 — Consists of unobservable inputs for assets or liabilities whose fair value is estimated based on internally developed models or methodologies using inputs that are generally less readily observable and supported by little, if any, market activity at the measurement date. Unobservable inputs are developed based on the best available information and subject to cost-benefit constraints. 78 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Fair Value of Financial Instruments The following table presents the carrying amount and fair value of financial instruments: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Carrying Fair Value Carrying Fair Value Amount Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Amount Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (millions) Cash equivalents (a) $ 23 $ — $ 23 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — Long-term notes receivable — related party 4 — — 4 4 — — 4 Short-term borrowings (a) — — — — 150 — 150 — Long-term debt (b) $ 3,324 $ — $ 3,318 $ — $ 3,319 $ — $ 3,136 $ — ______________________________________ (a) Cash equivalents and Short-term borrowings are stated at cost, which approximates fair value. (b) Carrying value represents principal of $ 3.4 billion, net of unamortized debt discounts and issuance costs. NOTE 10 — DEBT Amendments to Credit Agreement In December 2024, we amended our Credit Agreement to, among other things, extend the Revolving Credit Facility maturity date to December 2029 and implement customary "limited condition transaction provisions", enabling us to enter into future acquisitions and other transactions with the conditionality to the consummation thereof subject only to customary "SunGard" conditions, which provide additional financing certainty and reduce the number of conditions required. In November 2024, we amended our Credit Agreement to permit the Company to incur certain customary bridge loans, including the Bridge Facility, a $ 700 million 364-day bridge loan facility committed by Barclays Bank PLC, which provided certain backstop funding for our Midwest Pipeline Acquisition. Bridge Facility issuance fees of $ 4 million were incurred during the year ended December 31, 2024 and recorded as interest expense on our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Debt Issuances In November 2024, we issued $ 650 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.800 % senior notes due December 2034. At issuance, the 2034 Notes were guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries and secured by a first priority lien on certain assets of DT Midstream and our subsidiary guarantors that secure our existing credit facilities. The collateral was released on May 16, 2025 following an Investment Grade Event under the respective indenture. In the event of a Reversion Event (as defined in the respective indenture), the collateral is required to be reinstated. As part of the issuance of the 2034 Notes, we capitalized debt issuance costs and discount costs of approximately $ 5 million and $ 1 million, respectively. Debt Redemptions In September 2024, we repaid the remaining indebtedness under the Term Loan Facility of $ 399 million. The early redemption resulted in a loss on extinguishment of debt of $ 4 million related to the write-off of unamortized discount and issuance costs, which was recorded as a loss from financing activities on our Consolidated Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2024. There were no prepayment costs in conjunction with the early redemption of the Term Loan Facility. Interest Expense The following table summarizes our interest expense: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (millions) Interest expense $ 169 $ 163 $ 170 Capitalized interest ( 8 ) ( 10 ) ( 20 ) Total interest expense, net $ 161 $ 153 $ 150 79 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Long-Term Debt The following is a summary of long-term debt: Maturity December 31, December 31, Title Type Interest Rate Date 2025 2024 (millions) 2029 Notes Senior Notes (a) 4.125 % 2029 $ 1,100 $ 1,100 2031 Notes Senior Notes (a) 4.375 % 2031 1,000 1,000 2032 Notes Senior Notes (b), (c) 4.300 % 2032 600 600 2034 Notes Senior Notes (a), (c) 5.800 % 2034 650 650 Long-term debt principal 3,350 3,350 Unamortized debt discount ( 1 ) ( 1 ) Unamortized debt issuance costs ( 25 ) ( 30 ) Long-term debt, net $ 3,324 $ 3,319 ______________________________ (a)    Interest payable semi-annually in arrears each June 15 and December 15. (b)    Interest payable semi-annually in arrears each April 15 and October 15. (c)    The collateral was released on May 16, 2025 following an Investment Grade Event under the respective indentures. In the event of a Reversion Event (as defined in the respective indentures), the collateral is required to be reinstated in accordance with the respective indentures. The following table presents scheduled debt maturities, excluding any unamortized discount on debt: 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 and thereafter Total (millions) Debt maturities $ — — — 1,100 2,250 $ 3,350 Short-Term Credit Arrangements and Borrowings The following table presents the availability under the Revolving Credit Facility: December 31, 2025 (millions) Total availability Revolving Credit Facility, expiring December 2029 (a) $ 1,000 Amounts outstanding Revolving Credit Facility borrowings — Letters of credit (b) 17 17 Net availability $ 983 ______________________________ (a)    The collateral was released on May 16, 2025 following an Investment Grade Event under the Credit Agreement. To the extent the collateral is reinstated under either of the 2032 Notes or the 2034 Notes, the collateral would also be reinstated under the Credit Agreement. (b)    This amount includes $ 16 million of letters of credit issued to third-party creditors on behalf of Millennium to support its outstanding debt obligations. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility, if any, are used for general corporate purposes, acquisitions, and letter of credit issuances to support our operations and liquidity. The 2024 amendment costs of the Revolving Credit Facility of $ 3 million were capitalized during the year ended December 31, 2024. Revolving Credit Facility issuance and amendment costs, net of amortization, of $ 6 million and $ 7 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, are included in other noncurrent assets in our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position and are being amortized over the remaining term of the Revolving Credit Facility. On May 16, 2025, an Investment Grade Event occurred under our Credit Agreement which, among other changes, automatically released the guarantees and collateral supporting our obligations under the Credit Agreement. 80 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Upon the occurrence of the Investment Grade Event, the negative covenants were automatically amended to create additional flexibility for DT Midstream and its subsidiaries such that (i) the indebtedness negative covenant remains applicable solely to restrict DT Midstream’s restricted subsidiaries, (ii) the former restriction related to prepayments of junior indebtedness has fallen away, and (iii) the remaining negative covenants, including those related to liens, mergers, consolidations, liquidations or dissolutions, sales, transfers or other dispositions, investments, acquisitions, loans or advances, dividends and distributions or repurchases of capital stock, entering into agreements that limit the ability of the restricted subsidiaries to make distributions to DT Midstream, and transactions with affiliates, were amended automatically to provide for flexibility customary for investment grade companies. From and after the occurrence of the Investment Grade Event, the Credit Facility requires maintenance of (i) only the maximum consolidated net leverage ratio. The maximum consolidated net leverage ratio is set at 5 to 1 (except, that the Company may elect to temporarily step up the maximum consolidated net leverage ratio to 5.5 to 1 for a period of up to three fiscal quarters after the consummation of an acquisition or investment involving consideration exceeding $ 50 million). The consolidated net leverage ratio means the ratio of net debt determined in accordance with GAAP to annual consolidated EBITDA, as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement definition of annual consolidated EBITDA excludes EBITDA from equity method investees, but includes dividends and distributions from equity method investees. As of December 31, 2025, the consolidated net leverage ratio was 2.9 to 1 and we were in compliance with the financial covenant. Dividend Restrictions Upon the occurrence of the Investment Grade Event, the dividend restrictions under the indentures governing our Senior Notes were terminated and the negative covenants under the Credit Agreement related to dividends were amended automatically to provide for additional flexibility. NOTE 11 — LEASES Lessee Our leases are primarily comprised of equipment and buildings with terms ranging from approximately 3 to 11 years. A lease exists when we have the right to control the use of identified property, plant or equipment, as conveyed through a contract, for a certain time period and consideration paid. The right to control is deemed to occur when we have the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits of the identified assets and the right to direct the use of such assets. Significant Accounting Policy – Lessee Accounting Lease liabilities are calculated utilizing a discount rate to determine the present values of lease payments. GAAP requires the use of the rate implicit in the lease if it is readily determinable. When the rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable, the incremental borrowing rate is used. The incremental borrowing rate is based upon the rate of interest that would have been paid on a collateralized basis over similar contract terms to that of the leases. The incremental borrowing rates have been determined utilizing an implied secured borrowing rate based upon an unsecured rate for a similar time period of remaining lease terms, which is then adjusted for the estimated impact of collateral. We have leases with non-index-based escalation clauses for fixed dollar or percentage increases over the contract term. We have certain leases which contain purchase options. Based upon the nature of the leased property and terms of the purchase options, we have determined it is not reasonably certain that such purchase options will be exercised. Thus, the impact of the purchase options has not been included in the determination of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for the subject leases. We have certain leases which contain renewal options. Where the renewal options were deemed reasonably certain to occur, the impacts of such options were included in the determination of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for the subject leases. We have agreements with lease and non-lease components, which are generally accounted for separately. Consideration in a lease is allocated between lease and non-lease components based upon the estimated relative standalone prices. 81 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements The components of lease cost for the following years includes: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (millions) Operating lease cost $ 20 $ 21 $ 20 Short-term lease cost 3 3 3 $ 23 $ 24 $ 23 Operating lease cost includes amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets and other related costs. We have elected not to apply the lease balance sheet recognition requirements to short-term leases with a term of 12 months or less. Operating and short-term lease costs are recorded to operation and maintenance in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Other relevant information related to leases for the following years includes: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Supplemental Cash Flows Information (millions, except years and percentages) Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of these liabilities: Operating cash flows for operating leases $ 20 $ 21 $ 21 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases $ 19 $ 29 $ 25 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term Operating leases 3.8 years 3.9 years 4.4 years Weighted Average Discount Rate Operating leases 5.1 % 5.3 % 4.8 % Future minimum lease payments under leases for remaining periods as of December 31, 2025 are as follows: Operating Leases (millions) 2026 $ 18 2027 17 2028 7 2029 3 2030 3 2031 and thereafter 5 Total future minimum lease payments 53 Imputed interest ( 5 ) Lease liabilities $ 48 Lessor A lease exists when we have provided other parties with the right to control the use of identified property, plant or equipment, as conveyed through a contract, for a certain time period and consideration received. The right to control is deemed to occur when we have provided other parties with the right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits of the identified assets and the right to direct the use of such assets. We lease certain assets under an operating lease for a pipeline which commenced in December 2018. The lease is comprised of fixed payments with a remaining term of 13 years. The operating lease does not have renewal provisions or options to purchase the assets at the end of the lease and does not have termination for convenience provisions. The lease term extends to the end of the estimated economic life of the leased assets, thereby resulting in no residual value. Guardian has agreements with various subsidiaries of a single parent company that results in the use of substantially all the pipeline's capacity through 2029 and represents an operating lease. 82 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Fixed lease income associated with the operating leases was $ 78 million, $ 9 million, and $ 7 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Fixed lease income is reported in Operating revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Operations. Depreciation expense associated with the property under the operating leases was $ 17 million, $ 3 million, and $ 3 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Future minimum rental revenues for remaining periods as of December 31, 2025 are as follows: Operating Lease (millions) 2026 $ 73 2027 72 2028 72 2029 61 2030 9 2031 and thereafter 70 Total future minimum rental revenues $ 357 Property under the operating leases is as follows: December 31, 2025 2024 (millions) Gross property under operating leases $ 512 $ 484 Accumulated amortization of property under operating leases $ 34 $ 17 83 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements NOTE 12 — COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES From time to time, we are subject to legal, administrative and environmental proceedings before various courts, arbitration panels and governmental agencies concerning claims arising in the ordinary course of business. These proceedings include certain contract disputes, additional environmental reviews and investigations, audits and pending judicial matters. We cannot predict the final disposition of such proceedings. We regularly review legal matters and record provisions for claims that we can estimate and are considered probable of loss. The amount or range of reasonably possible losses is not anticipated to, either individually or in the aggregate, materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Guarantees In certain limited circumstances, we enter into contractual guarantees. We may guarantee another entity's obligation in the event it fails to perform and may provide guarantees in certain indemnification agreements. We did not have any guarantees of other parties' obligations as of December 31, 2025. Purchase Commitments As of December 31, 2025, we were party to long-term purchase commitments relating to a variety of goods and services required for our business. We estimate lifetime purchase commitments of approximately $ 90 million, due in the periods shown below. (millions) 2026 $ 16 2027 15 2028 13 2029 13 2030 11 2031 and thereafter 22 Total $ 90 Surety Bonds In certain limited circumstances, we enter into contracts that require us to obtain external surety bonds to secure our payment and performance. We agree to indemnify the issuers of these surety bonds for amounts, if any, paid by them under these agreements. In the event that any surety bonds are called for non-performance, we would be obligated to reimburse the issuer of the surety bond. In February 2025, certain surety bonds valued at $ 21 million were terminated. The maximum potential indemnification under our surety bond agreements as of December 31, 2025 is $ 11 million. Vector Line of Credit We are the lender under a revolving term credit facility to Vector, the borrower, in the amount of CAD $ 70 million. The credit facility was executed in response to the passage of Canadian regulations requiring oil and gas pipelines to demonstrate their financial ability to respond to a catastrophic event and exists for the sole purpose of satisfying these regulations. Vector may only draw upon the facility if the funds are required to respond to a catastrophic event. The maximum potential payout as of December 31, 2025 is USD $ 51 million. The funding of a loan under the terms of the revolving term credit facility is considered remote. Clean Fuels Gathering Contingent Payments A gas supply agreement at Clean Fuels Gathering requires contingent payments from DT Midstream of up to $ 34 million upon the completion of certain milestones, including cumulative production and income tax credits, and variable payments under a sharing mechanism. As of December 31, 2025, one milestone had been achieved related to verification of gas production volumes and $ 10 million was paid and recorded as a prepaid asset. The remaining unamortized prepaid asset is $ 1 million and $ 8 million in current and long-term other assets, respectively, in DT Midstream's Consolidated Statements of Financial Position as of December 31, 2025. 84 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Contingent Liability In order to comply with certain state environmental regulations, we have an obligation to restore pipeline right-of-way slope failures that may arise in the ordinary course of business in the Utica and Marcellus formations. We completed evaluations of all locations, which were prioritized based on the severity and proximity of the slope failures, and used updated cost information to assess the adequacy of the estimate for the contingent liability accrual. As of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had accrued contingent liabilities of $ 2 million and $ 3 million, respectively, for future slope restoration expenditures. The accrual is included in other current liabilities and other liabilities in the Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. While restoration is ongoing, we believe the accrued amounts are sufficient to cover estimated future expenditures. Stonewall Litigation On November 27, 2024, Antero Resources Corporation ("Antero") filed a lawsuit against Stonewall regarding the application of certain rate provisions under the Agreement between the parties dated June 20, 2014. On December 12, 2025, the Third Division of the Business Court of Texas issued an Order granting Antero’s Motion for Summary Judgment related to one aspect of the dispute. On January 12-16, 2026, trial was held on the remaining issues. The Company is awaiting a verdict and has the right to appeal. Stonewall intends to continue to defend against Antero’s claim. The Company estimates the range of loss to be $ 0 to $ 55 million, and could result in a material impact to the rates charged to Antero going forward. No accrual has been recorded in the accompanying consolidated financial statements related to this matter, as a loss is deemed not probable.  While the ultimate outcome of this matter cannot be predicted with certainty, an unfavorable resolution could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. NOTE 13 — STOCK-BASED COMPENSATION AND DEFINED CONTRIBUTION PLANS The DT Midstream, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan permits the grant of incentive and nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards and restricted stock units, performance share awards, and performance units to employees, consultants and members of DT Midstream's Board of Directors. As a result of a restricted stock award grant, restricted stock unit or performance share award settlement, or by exercise of a stock option, we may issue common stock from our authorized but unissued common stock and/or from outstanding common stock acquired by or on behalf of DT Midstream in the participant's name. Key provisions of the DT Midstream Plan are: • Authorized limit as of December 31, 2025 was 10,000,000 shares of common stock. The authorized limit increases annually on January 1 by the lesser of 1,750,000 shares of common stock or the amount determined by the DT Midstream Board of Directors. • Prohibits the grant of a stock option with an exercise price that is less than the fair market value of DT Midstream's stock on the grant date. The following table summarizes our stock-based compensation expense and the related income tax benefit: Year Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (millions) Stock-based compensation expense $ 26 $ 23 $ 20 Tax benefit $ 6 $ 5 $ 5 Restricted Stock Units Restricted stock units granted under the DT Midstream Plan are for a specified number of shares of DT Midstream common stock that entitle the holder to receive common stock, a cash payment, or a combination thereof at the end of the specified vesting period, which is generally three or four years . Restricted stock units are deemed to be equity awards. The fair value of restricted stock units is based on DT Midstream's closing common stock price on the grant date. The fair value is amortized to stock-based compensation expense using a graded vesting schedule over the vesting period. Restricted stock units are settled with DT Midstream common stock and fractional shares are settled in cash. 85 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements During the vesting period, the number of restricted stock units granted will increase, assuming full dividend reinvestment on each dividend payment date. The recipient of a restricted stock unit has no shareholder rights during the vesting period. Restricted stock units are nontransferable and subject to risk of forfeiture during the vesting period. Forfeitures are recognized in the period they occur. The following table summarizes restricted stock unit activity for the year ended December 31, 2025: Restricted Stock Units Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value (thousands) (per share) Nonvested as of December 31, 2024 461 $ 51.37 Granted (a) 105 92.35 Forfeited ( 10 ) 81.04 Vested ( 237 ) 45.89 Nonvested as of December 31, 2025 319 $ 68.20 ____________________________________ (a) Includes initial grants and dividends reinvested. The weighted-average grant date fair value of restricted stock units granted, excluding dividends reinvested, during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 99.05 , $ 62.63 and $ 52.66 , respectively. The intrinsic value of restricted stock units vested and issued during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 25 million, $ 7 million, and $ 8 million, respectively. Performance Share Awards Performance share awards granted under the DT Midstream Plan are for a specified number of shares of DT Midstream common stock that entitle the holder to receive common stock, a cash payment, or a combination thereof at the end of the specified vesting period, which is generally three years . Performance share awards are deemed to be equity awards.  Performance share stock-based compensation expense is accrued over the vesting period based on the grant date fair value calculated using: (i) DT Midstream's closing common stock price on the grant date; (ii) the grant date fair value of the market condition; and (iii) the probable achievement of performance objectives. The number of shares issued at settlement is determined based on market conditions and the achievement of certain DT Midstream performance objectives. Performance share awards are settled with DT Midstream common stock and fractional shares are settled in cash. During the vesting period, the number of performance share awards granted will increase, assuming full dividend reinvestment on each dividend payment date. The recipient of a performance share award has no shareholder rights during the vesting period. Performance share awards are nontransferable and are subject to risk of forfeiture during the vesting period. Forfeitures are recognized in the period they occur. The following table summarizes performance share award activity for the year ended December 31, 2025: Performance Share Awards Weighted- Average Grant Date Fair Value (thousands) (per share) Nonvested as of December 31, 2024 701 $ 64.38 Granted (a) 376 83.42 Forfeited ( 18 ) 72.90 Settled ( 364 ) 72.97 Nonvested as of December 31, 2025 695 $ 69.95 _____________________________________ (a) Includes initial grants, dividends reinvested and shares added for achievement of final performance objectives on settled awards. The weighted-average grant date fair value of performance share awards granted, excluding dividends reinvested, during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 99.79 , $ 52.05 and $ 53.74 , respectively. The intrinsic value of performance share awards settled during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 35 million , $ 10 million and $ 9 million, respectively. 86 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Unrecognized Compensation Costs As of December 31, 2025, we had $ 28 million of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested stock incentive plan arrangements. The unrecognized compensation cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.68 years . Defined Contribution Plans We sponsor defined contribution retirement savings plans, and participation in one of these plans is available to substantially all employees. We match employee contributions up to certain predefined and Internal Revenue Service limits based on eligible compensation and each employee's contribution rate, and contribute additional amounts in lieu of traditional pension and post-employment healthcare benefits. DT Midstream's cost for these plans was $ 10 million, $ 7 million and $ 7 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. NOTE 14 — SEGMENT AND RELATED INFORMATION We set strategic goals, allocate resources, and evaluate performance based on the following two segments: Pipeline and Gathering. Our Chief Operating Decision Maker (CODM) has been identified as our Chief Executive Officer. Our CODM regularly evaluates financial information regarding these segments in deciding how to allocate resources and in assessing our operating and financial performance. We manage and report our operations primarily according to the nature of our products and services. Our plants, pipelines and other fixed assets are located in the U.S. and Canada. The Pipeline segment owns and operates interstate and intrastate natural gas pipelines, storage systems, and natural gas gathering lateral pipelines. The Pipeline segment also has interests in equity method investees that own and operate interstate natural gas pipelines. The segment is engaged in the transportation and storage of natural gas for intermediate and end user customers. The DTM Interstate Transportation assets and results of operations after the December 31, 2024 acquisition date are presented in our Pipeline segment. The Gathering segment owns and operates gas gathering systems. The segment is engaged in collecting natural gas from points at or near customers’ wells for delivery to plants for treating, to gathering pipelines for further gathering, or to pipelines for transportation, as well as associated ancillary services. The Clean Fuels Gathering assets and results of operations after the July 1, 2024 acquisition date are presented in our Gathering segment. Our CODM uses Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream to allocate resources, including employees, property, and financial or capital resources, for each segment predominantly in the annual budget and forecasting process. Our CODM considers budget-to-actual variances on a monthly basis when making decisions about allocating capital and personnel to the segments. The CODM also uses Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream to assess the performance for each segment by comparing the results of each segment. Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream is an important performance measure of the core profitability of our operations and forms the basis of our internal and external financial reporting. We believe that investors benefit from having access to the same financial measures that our management uses in evaluating segment results. Inter-segment billing for goods and services exchanged between segments is based upon contracted prices of the provider. Inter-segment billings were not significant for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. 87 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Financial data for our business segments follows: Year Ended December 31, 2025 Pipeline Gathering Total Reportable Segments Eliminations Total Consolidated (millions) Revenues Operating revenues $ 687 $ 556 $ 1,243 $ — $ 1,243 Operating Expenses Operation and maintenance 134 195 329 — 329 Depreciation and amortization 111 147 258 — 258 Taxes other than income 27 15 42 — 42 Other (Income) and Deductions Interest expense 51 110 161 — 161 Interest income ( 1 ) ( 1 ) ( 2 ) — ( 2 ) Earnings from equity method investees ( 138 ) — ( 138 ) — ( 138 ) Other income ( 1 ) ( 4 ) ( 5 ) — ( 5 ) Income Tax Expense 121 23 144 — 144 Less: Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 13 — 13 — 13 Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream $ 370 $ 71 $ 441 $ — $ 441 Capital expenditures $ 176 $ 250 $ 426 $ — $ 426 December 31, 2025 Investments in equity method investees $ 1,253 $ — $ 1,253 $ — $ 1,253 Total Assets $ 5,297 $ 4,783 $ 10,080 $ — $ 10,080 88 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Year Ended December 31, 2024 Pipeline Gathering Total Reportable Segments Eliminations Total Consolidated (millions) Revenues Operating revenues $ 443 $ 538 $ 981 $ — $ 981 Operating Expenses Operation and maintenance 68 176 244 — 244 Depreciation and amortization 74 135 209 — 209 Taxes other than income 22 17 39 — 39 Other (Income) and Deductions Interest expense 47 106 153 — 153 Interest income ( 4 ) ( 3 ) ( 7 ) — ( 7 ) Earnings from equity method investees ( 162 ) — ( 162 ) — ( 162 ) Loss from financing activities 3 2 5 — 5 Other income ( 1 ) ( 3 ) ( 4 ) — ( 4 ) Income Tax Expense 107 30 137 — 137 Less: Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 13 — 13 — 13 Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream $ 276 $ 78 $ 354 $ — $ 354 Capital expenditures 73 $ 277 $ 350 $ — $ 350 Acquisition accounted for as a business combination $ 1,198 $ — $ 1,198 $ — $ 1,198 December 31, 2024 Investments in equity method investees $ 1,297 $ — $ 1,297 $ — $ 1,297 Total Assets $ 5,274 $ 4,661 $ 9,935 $ — $ 9,935 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Pipeline Gathering Total Reportable Segments Eliminations Total Consolidated (millions) Revenues Operating revenues $ 377 $ 545 $ 922 $ — $ 922 Operating Expenses Operation and maintenance 55 190 245 — 245 Depreciation and amortization 69 113 182 — 182 Taxes other than income 15 13 28 — 28 Asset (gains) losses and impairments, net ( 4 ) — ( 4 ) — ( 4 ) Other (Income) and Deductions Interest expense 55 95 150 — 150 Interest income ( 1 ) — ( 1 ) — ( 1 ) Earnings from equity method investees ( 177 ) — ( 177 ) — ( 177 ) Other income — ( 1 ) ( 1 ) — ( 1 ) Income Tax Expense 75 29 104 — 104 Less: Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 12 — 12 — 12 Net Income Attributable to DT Midstream $ 278 $ 106 $ 384 $ — $ 384 Capital expenditures and acquisitions $ 255 $ 517 $ 772 $ — $ 772 December 31, 2023 Investments in equity method investees $ 1,762 $ — $ 1,762 $ — $ 1,762 Total Assets $ 4,439 $ 4,543 $ 8,982 $ — $ 8,982 89 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements NOTE 15 — RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Transactions between DT Midstream and our equity method investees have been presented as related party transactions in the accompanying Consolidated Financial Statements. The following is a summary of our balances with related parties: December 31, 2025 2024 (millions) Notes receivable from Vector — long-term $ 4 $ 4 Current Liabilities — Other $ 1 $ 1 DT Midstream had related party transactions presented in Operation and maintenance and Other expense in our Consolidated Statements of Operations during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 of $ 2 million, $ 2 million and $ 1 million, respectively. NOTE 16 — ACQUISITION Midwest Pipeline Acquisition On December 31, 2024, we closed on the Midwest Pipeline Acquisition of three FERC-regulated interstate natural gas transmission pipelines from ONEOK for a preliminary purchase price of $ 1.2 billion, which was subject to certain customary purchase price adjustments. Under the terms of the agreement, DT Midstream acquired 100 % operating ownership in Guardian, Midwestern and Viking. The cash consideration provided for the assets acquired was approximately $ 1.2 billion. The acquisition was accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Assets acquired and liabilities assumed were measured at estimated fair value at the acquisition date. The FERC-regulated pipelines are subject to rate making and cost recovery provisions and are accounted for under ASC 980 guidance as discussed in Note 17, "Regulatory Matters" to the Consolidated Financial Statements. As such, the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed subject to these provisions approximates their regulated basis, and therefore no fair value adjustments were reflected related to these amounts. The intangible assets recorded as a result of the acquisition pertain to existing customer relationships, which were valued at approximately $ 11 million as of the acquisition date. The excess purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired and liabilities assumed was classified as goodwill. The preliminary allocation of the purchase price was based on estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the date of acquisition, December 31, 2024, and as such, the values assigned were subject to adjustment as additional information became available. During the three months ended June 30, 2025, we received a $ 10 million working capital adjustment in accordance with the Purchase and Sale Agreement, which reduced the preliminary purchase price by $ 10 million. During the three months ended June 30, 2025, we recorded other measurement period adjustments resulting in a net increase to goodwill of $ 5 million due to additional information received during the measurement period. The allocation of the purchase price was finalized during the three months ended September 30, 2025, following the issuance of the acquired entities’ audited 2024 FERC financial statements. No further measurement period adjustments were made. 90 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements The components of the final purchase price allocation as of the acquisition date, reflecting measurement period-adjustments, are as follows: December 31, 2024 (millions) Assets Accounts receivable $ 19 Other current assets 10 Property, plant, and equipment, net 933 Goodwill 308 Customer relationship intangible assets 11 Regulatory assets 10 Other assets 17 $ 1,308 Liabilities Accounts payable $ 12 Property taxes payable 5 Other current liabilities 3 Regulatory liabilities 90 Other liabilities 10 $ 120 Total cash consideration $ 1,188 NOTE 17 — REGULATORY MATTERS Significant Accounting Policy – Regulation Guardian, Midwestern and Viking are subject to rate regulation and accounting requirements of FERC. The regulated operations of each of these subsidiaries have rates that are (i) established by independent, third-party regulators, (ii) set at levels that will recover our costs when considering the demand and competition for our services and (iii) charged to and collectible from our customers. Accordingly, we follow the accounting for regulated operations as defined in ASC 980 for these pipelines, which results in differences in the application of GAAP between our regulated and non-regulated businesses. During the rate-making process, FERC sets the framework for what we can charge to and collect from our customers for our services and establish the manner that our costs are accounted for, including allowing us to defer recognition of certain costs and permitting cost recovery through rates over time as opposed to expensing such costs as incurred. Examples include costs for fuel and losses, contributions in aid of construction, charges for depreciation, gains or losses on disposition of assets and deferral of tax benefits related to changes in tax rates. Regulatory Assets and Liabilities Under ASC 980, our regulated operations are required to record regulatory assets and liabilities for certain transactions that would have been treated as revenue or expense in non-regulated businesses. Future regulatory changes could result in changes in the amounts of regulatory assets and liabilities or the discontinuance of this accounting treatment for regulatory assets and liabilities and may require the write-off of the portion of any regulatory asset or liability that is no longer probable of recovery through regulated rates. Actions by regulatory authorities could also have an effect on the amounts we charge to and collect from our customers. Any difference in the amounts recoverable or deferred is recorded as income or expense at the time of regulatory action. Continued applicability of regulatory accounting treatment requires that rates be designed to recover specific costs of providing regulated services and be charged to and collected from customers. We believe that currently available facts support the continued use of regulatory accounting and that all regulatory assets and liabilities are recoverable or refundable in the current regulatory environment. Regulatory assets are included in Other Assets – Other on our Consolidated Statements of Financial Position. 91 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements The following includes balances and descriptions of our regulatory assets and liabilities: December 31, 2025 2024 (millions) Regulatory Assets Recoverable income taxes related to AFUDC equity $ 9 $ 7 Load Management Services Cost Recovery Mechanism 3 2 Electric Cost Tracker 3 — Other regulatory assets — 1 $ 15 $ 10 Regulatory Liabilities Refundable federal income taxes $ 77 $ 79 Removal costs liability 13 11 $ 90 $ 90 As noted below, certain Regulatory assets for which costs have been incurred were included (or are expected to be included, for costs incurred subsequent to the most recently approved rate case) in the rate base, thereby providing a return on invested costs (except as noted). Certain other Regulatory assets are not included in the rate base but accrue recoverable carrying charges until tariff rates adjusted to collect the assets are billed. Certain Regulatory assets do not result from cash expenditures and therefore do not represent investments included in rate base or have offsetting liabilities that reduce rate base. Regulatory Assets • Recoverable income taxes related to AFUDC equity - Accounting standards for income taxes require recognition of a deferred tax liability for the equity component of AFUDC. A Regulatory asset is required for the future increase in taxes payable related to the equity component of AFUDC that will be recovered from customers through future rates over the remaining life of the related property, plant and equipment. • Load Management Services Cost Recovery Mechanism - The mechanism reconciles the differences between the cost to our pipelines to maintain their line pack gas and the amounts our pipelines receive or pay for such gas to resolve imbalances with customers and pipeline interconnects and as may be otherwise necessary to maintain an appropriate level of line pack for system management purposes. The balance is recovered through an annual update to the LMS tariff rate applied to daily imbalance volumes with counterparties. The recoverable amount is not earning a return or accruing carrying charges. • Electric Cost Tracker - The mechanism provides for the recovery of electric power costs incurred to operate our electric-driven compressor stations. Under the provisions of the applicable tariff, the tracker balance is reset annually or semi‑annually through adjustments to the Electric Cost Tracker rate, as required, to reflect updated electric cost levels. As the Electric Cost Tracker functions as a pass‑through of actual electric expenditures to customers, the associated regulatory asset is not included in rate base and does not earn a return or accrue carrying charges. Liabilities • Refundable federal income taxes - In December 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Acts ("TCJA") was enacted and reduced the corporate income tax rate, effective January 1, 2018. Guardian, Midwestern and Viking remeasured deferred taxes, resulting in a reduction to deferred tax liabilities, to reflect the impact of the TCJA on the cumulative temporary differences expected to reverse after the effective date. Regulatory liabilities were established for the anticipated return to ratepayers of deferred income taxes through reductions in future rates. The current amount of amortization and method for amortization of each pipeline’s Regulatory liability related to the TCJA tax rate change has been determined in each pipeline’s most recent rate proceedings. • Removal costs liability - The amounts collected from customers to fund future asset removal activities in excess of removal costs incurred. The annual amount accumulated in this liability is based on rates established in the most recent rate proceedings for each pipeline. The rate is multiplied by the depreciable base for each applicable asset category to calculate the annual amount accumulated in this liability. 92 DT Midstream, Inc. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Rate Case Settlements The FERC approval dates for the most recent FERC rate proceedings for Guardian, Midwestern and Viking were February 15, 2023, May 3, 2022 and July 31, 2024, respectively. As of December 31, 2025, there were no open FERC rate proceedings for these pipelines. The most recent approved rate proceeding for Guardian included a max tariff rate reduction of approximately 13%, effective April 1, 2025. NOTE 18 — SUBSEQUENT EVENT Dividend Declaration On February 19, 2026, we announced that our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $ 0.88 per share of common stock. The dividend is payable to our stockholders of record as of March 16, 2026 and is expected to be paid on April 15, 2026. 93 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures (a) Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures Management of DT Midstream carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of DT Midstream's Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO), of the effectiveness of the design and operation of DT Midstream's disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of December 31, 2025, which is the end of the period covered by this report. Based on this evaluation, DT Midstream's CEO and CFO have concluded that such disclosure controls and procedures are effective in providing reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by DT Midstream in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (i) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to DT Midstream's management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Due to the inherent limitations in the effectiveness of any disclosure controls and procedures, management cannot provide absolute assurance that the objectives of our disclosure controls and procedures will be attained. (b) Management's report on internal control over financial reporting Management of DT Midstream is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, DT Midstream's CEO and CFO, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. On December 31, 2024, DT Midstream completed the acquisition of three FERC-regulated natural gas transmission pipelines (the "Midwest Pipeline Acquisition"). The operations and related processes of the wholly-owned subsidiaries acquired in the Midwest Pipeline Acquisition were integrated into DT Midstream's internal control over financial reporting framework during 2025 and were included in management's assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. Management of DT Midstream has assessed the effectiveness of DT Midstream’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. In making this assessment, management used the criteria issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on this assessment, DT Midstream's management concluded that, as of December 31, 2025, DT Midstream’s internal control over financial reporting was effective. The effectiveness of DT Midstream's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers, LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report which appears herein. (c) Changes in internal control over financial reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Item 9B. Other Information During the three months ended December 31, 2025, none of the Company’s directors or executive officers adopted , modified or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of the Company’s common stock that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1(c) or any "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement." 94 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. PART III Information required of DT Midstream by Part III (Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14) of this Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from DT Midstream's definitive Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Common Shareholders to be held May 5, 2026. The Proxy Statement will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of DT Midstream's fiscal year covered by this report on Form 10-K. The sections of the Proxy Statement from which such information is incorporated by reference are identified below. Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the following sections of the Proxy Statement: • "Board of Directors" • "Corporate Governance" • "Management" Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the section titled "Executive Compensation." Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this item with respect to security ownership of certain beneficial owners and management is incorporated by reference from the section titled "Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management." Information regarding securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is included in Part II, Item 5 of this Form 10‑K under the caption “Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans." Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the following sections of the Proxy Statement: • "Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions" • "Director Independence and Categorical Standards" Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information required by this item is incorporated by reference from the following sections of the Proxy Statement: • "Proposal 2 — Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm" • "Audit Committee Report" 95 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules A. The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. (a) Consolidated Financial Statements. See "Item 8—Financial Statements." (b) Financial Statement Schedules. Financial statement schedules listed under the SEC rules are omitted because they are not applicable, or the required information is provided in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. (c) Exhibits. Exhibit Number Description (i) Exhibits filed herewith: 21.1 Subsidiaries of DT Midstream, Inc. 23.1 Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 31.1 Chief Executive Officer Section 302 Form 10-K Certification of Periodic Report 31.2 Chief Financial Officer Section 302 Form 10-K Certification of Periodic Report 95.1 Mine Safety Disclosure 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - The instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Database 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) (ii) Exhibits furnished herewith: 32.1 Chief Executive Officer Section 906 Form 10-K Certification of Periodic Report 32.2 Chief Financial Officer Section 906 Form 10-K Certification of Periodic Report (iii) Exhibits incorporated by reference: 2.1 Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated June 25, 2021, between DTE Energy Company and DT Midstream, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to DT Midstream’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2021) 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of DT Midstream, Inc., effective July 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to DT Midstream's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2021) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of DT Midstream, Inc., effective July 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to DT Midstream's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2021) 4.1 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 30, 2025, among DT Midstream, Inc., the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to DT Midstream's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2025) 4.2 Second Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 30, 2025, among DT Midstream, Inc., the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to DT Midstream's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2025) 96 Exhibit Number Description (iii) Exhibits incorporated by reference: 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of January 30, 2025, among DT Midstream, Inc., the Guaranteeing Subsidiaries and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to DT Midstream's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 26, 2025) 4.4 Description of Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to DT Midstream's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 16, 2024) 4.5 Indenture dated as of June 9, 2021 among DT Midstream, the Guarantors and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to DT Midstream's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2021) 4.6 Indenture, dated as of April 11, 2022, among DT Midstream, Inc., the Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to DT Midstream's Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 11, 2022) 4.7 Pari Passu Intercreditor Agreement, dated as of April 11, 2022, among DT Midstream, Inc., the Guarantors, Barclays Bank PLC, as Credit Agreement Agent, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to DT Midstream's Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 11, 2022) 4.8 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 12, 2024, among DT Midstream, Inc., the Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to DT Midstream's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on October 29, 2024) 4.9 Indenture, dated as of December 6, 2024, among DT Midstream, Inc., the Guarantors and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee and Notes Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to DT Midstream's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 6, 2024) 10.1* Form of Amended and Restated Change-In-Control Severance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to DT Midstream's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 16, 2024) 10.2 Credit Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2021 by and among DT Midstream, as borrower, the Lenders party thereto, the L/C Issuers party thereto, and Barclays Bank PLC, as Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to DT Midstream's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 10, 2021) 10.3 Tax Matters Agreement, dated June 25, 2021, between DTE Energy Company and DT Midstream, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to DT Midstream’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2021) 10.4 DT Midstream, Inc. Long-Term Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to DT Midstream’s Registration Statement on Form 10-12B (File No. 001-40392), filed on May 7, 2021) 10.5 DT Midstream, Inc. Supplemental Savings Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to DT Midstream’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 16, 2023) 10.6 Form of Severance Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to DT Midstream’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2021) 10.7 DT Midstream, Inc. Annual Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to DT Midstream’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 1, 2021) 97 10.8 First Incremental Revolving Facility Amendment and Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement and Collateral Agreement, by and among DT Midstream, Inc., the lenders and letter of credit issuers party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, dated as of October 19, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to DT Midstream's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 20, 2022) Exhibit Number Description (iii) Exhibits incorporated by reference: 10.9 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, by and between DT Midstream, Inc., and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, dated as of June 27, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to DT Midstream's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 29, 2023) 10.10 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, by and between DT Midstream, Inc., and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, and the lenders party thereto, dated as of November 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to DT Midstream's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2024) 10.11 Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, by and between DT Midstream, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent and collateral agent, dated as of December 12, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to DT Midstream's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 12, 2024) 10.12 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated November 19, 2024, by and among DT Midstream, Inc., DTM Interstate Transportation, LLC, ONEOK Partners Intermediate Limited Partnership and Border Midwestern Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to DT Midstream’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 19, 2024) 19.1 DT Midstream, Inc. Insider Trading Policy, dated June 1, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 19.1 to DT Midstream’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 16, 2024) 97.1 DT Midstream, Inc. Clawback Policy, dated September 19, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 to DT Midstream’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 16, 2024) * Certain portions of this exhibit have been redacted pursuant to Item 601(b)(10)(iv) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish supplementally an unredacted copy of the exhibit to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon its request Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 98 Signatures Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, DT Midstream, Inc. has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: February 19, 2026 DT MIDSTREAM, INC. (Registrant) By: /S/  DAVID J. SLATER David J. Slater Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Chairman of DT Midstream, Inc. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of DT Midstream, Inc. and in the capacities and on the date indicated. By: /S/  DAVID J. SLATER By: /S/  JEFFREY A. JEWELL David J. Slater Chief Executive Officer, and Executive Chairman (Principal Executive Officer) Jeffrey A. Jewell Executive Vice President, and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) By: /S/  JOSEPH P. FINLAND By: /S/  ANGELA ARCHON Joseph P. Finland Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Angela Archon, Director By: /S/  STEPHEN BAKER By: /S/  ELAINE PICKLE Stephen Baker, Director Elaine Pickle, Director By: /S/  ROBERT C. SKAGGS, JR. By: /S/  PETER TUMMINELLO Robert C. Skaggs, Jr., Director Peter Tumminello, Director By: /S/  DWAYNE WILSON By: Dwayne Wilson, Director Date: February 19, 2026 99

