TICKER: EPR
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains and negatively impact the U.S., regional or local economies in which we, our tenants or borrowers and their customers operate, any of which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. Most of our customers, consisting primarily of tenants and borrowers, operate properties in market segments that depend upon discretionary spending by consumers. Any reduction in discretionary spending by consumers within the market segments in which our customers or potential customers operate could adversely affect such customers' operations and, in turn, reduce the demand for our properties or financing solutions. Most of our portfolio is leased to or financed with customers operating service or retail businesses on our property locations. Many of these customers operate services or businesses that are dependent upon consumer experiences. The success of most of these businesses depends on the willingness or ability of consumers to use their discretionary income to purchase our customers' products or services. A downturn in the economy, or a trend to not want to go "out of home," could cause consumers in each of our property types to reduce their discretionary spending within the market segments in which our customers or potential customers operate, which could adversely affect such customers' operations and, in turn, reduce the demand for our properties or financing solutions. Covenants in our debt instruments could adversely affect our financial condition and our acquisitions and development activities. Our unsecured revolving credit facility, senior notes and other loans that we may obtain in the future contain certain cross-default provisions as well as customary restrictions, requirements and other limitations on our ability to incur indebtedness, including covenants involving our maximum total debt to total asset value; maximum permitted investments; minimum tangible net worth; maximum secured debt to total asset value; maximum unsecured debt to eligible unencumbered properties; minimum unsecured interest coverage; and minimum fixed charge coverage. Our ability to borrow under our unsecured revolving credit facility is also subject to compliance with certain other covenants. We also have senior notes issued in a private placement transaction that are subject to certain covenants. In addition, some of our properties, including those held in joint ventures, are subject to mortgages that contain customary covenants such as those that limit our ability, without the prior consent of the lender, to further mortgage the applicable property or to discontinue or reduce insurance coverage. The current challenging and uncertain economic environment could negatively impact our future compliance with financial covenants of our credit facility and other debt agreements and result in a default and potentially an acceleration of indebtedness. Under those circumstances, other sources of capital may not be available to us or be available only on unattractive terms. Additionally, our ability to satisfy current or prospective lenders' insurance requirements may be adversely affected if lenders generally insist upon greater insurance coverage than is available to us in the marketplace or on commercially reasonable terms. We rely on debt financing, including borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility, issuances of debt securities and debt secured by individual properties, to finance our acquisition and development activities and for working capital. If we are unable to obtain financing from these or other sources, or to refinance existing indebtedness upon maturity, our financial condition and results of operations would likely be adversely affected. The ultimate extent to which the current challenging economic environment impacts our ability to comply with existing financial covenants and obtain financing will depend on future developments, which, as discussed above, are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Adverse changes in our credit ratings could impair our ability to obtain additional debt and equity financing on favorable terms, if at all, and negatively impact the market price of our securities, including our common shares. The credit ratings of our senior unsecured debt and preferred equity securities are based on our operating performance, liquidity and leverage ratios, overall financial position and other factors employed by the credit rating agencies in their rating analysis of us. Our credit ratings can affect the amount and type of capital we can access, as 12 well as the terms and costs of any financings we may obtain. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our current credit ratings. In the event that our current credit ratings deteriorate, we would likely incur a higher cost of capital and it may be more difficult or expensive to obtain additional financing or refinance existing obligations and commitments. Also, downgrades in our credit ratings would trigger additional costs or other potentially negative consequences under our current and future credit facilities and future debt instruments. Elevated interest rates and future increases will likely increase interest cost on new debt and could materially adversely impact our ability to refinance existing debt, sell assets and limit our investment activities. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies. The U.S. Federal Reserve raised the benchmark interest rate significantly in 2022 and again in 2023. Although the benchmark interest rate was decreased in the second half of 2024 and again in 2025, there can be no assurances that the rate will not increase in the future. Increases in interest rates could have an adverse impact on our business by increasing the cost of borrowing, affecting our interest costs and our ability to make new investments on favorable terms or at all. Rising interest rates, or the continuation of elevated rates into the future, could limit our ability to refinance existing debt when it matures or cause us to pay higher interest rates upon refinancing and increase interest expense on refinanced indebtedness. In addition, higher interest rates could decrease the amount third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to reposition our portfolio efficiently in response to changes in economic or other conditions. We depend on leasing space to tenants on economically favorable terms and collecting rent from our tenants, who may not be able to pay. At any time, a tenant may experience a downturn in its business that may weaken its financial condition. Similarly, a general decline in the economy may result in a decline in demand for space at our commercial properties. Our financial results depend significantly on leasing space at our properties to tenants on economically favorable terms. In addition, because a majority of our income comes from leasing real property, our income, funds available to pay indebtedness and funds available for distribution to our shareholders will decrease if a significant number of our tenants cannot pay their rent or if we are not able to maintain our levels of occupancy on favorable terms. If our tenants cannot pay their rent or we are not able to maintain our levels of occupancy on favorable terms, there is also a risk that the fair value of the underlying property will be considered less than its carrying value and we may have to take a charge against earnings. In addition, if a tenant does not pay its rent, we might not be able to enforce our rights as landlord without significant delays and substantial legal costs. A tenant becoming bankrupt or insolvent could diminish or eliminate the income we expect from that tenant's leases. If a tenant becomes insolvent or bankrupt, we cannot be sure that we could promptly recover the premises from the tenant or from a trustee or debtor-in-possession in a bankruptcy proceeding relating to the tenant. On the other hand, a bankruptcy court might authorize the tenant to terminate its leases with us. If that happens, our claim against the bankrupt tenant for unpaid future rent would be subject to statutory limitations that might be substantially less than the remaining rent owed under the leases. In addition, any claim we have for unpaid past rent would likely not be paid in full and we would take a charge against earnings for any accrued straight-line rent receivable related to the leases. We have experienced material customer bankruptcies in the past. Specifically, in 2022, Regal filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code. There can be no assurances that our tenants will not become bankrupt or insolvent in the future. 13 We could be adversely affected by a borrower's bankruptcy or default. If a borrower becomes bankrupt or insolvent or defaults under its loan, that could force us to declare a default and foreclose on any available collateral. As a result, future interest income recognition related to the applicable note receivable could be significantly reduced or eliminated. There is also a risk that the fair value of the collateral, if any, will be less than the carrying value of the note and accrued interest receivable at the time of a foreclosure and we may have to take a charge against earnings. If a property serves as collateral for a note, we may experience costs and delays in recovering the property in foreclosure or finding a substitute operator for the property. If a mortgage we hold is subordinated to senior financing secured by the property, our recovery would be limited to any amount remaining after satisfaction of all amounts due to the holder of the senior financing. In addition, to protect our subordinated investment, we may desire to refinance any senior financing. However, there is no assurance that such refinancing would be available or, if it were to be available, that the terms would be attractive. We may experience future defaults and bankruptcies, the breadth of which will depend upon the scope, severity and duration of the future events and circumstances heightening default and bankruptcy risks. We may sell or divest different properties or assets after an evaluation of our portfolio of businesses or as a result of a customer exercising a purchase or note pay-off option. Such sales or divestitures could affect our costs, revenues, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. From time to time, we may evaluate our properties and may, as a result, sell or attempt to sell, divest, or spin-off different properties or assets, subject, if applicable, to the terms of lease agreements. In addition, certain of our customer agreements provide customers with purchase or note pay-off options. Future sales or divestitures could affect our costs, revenues, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and our ability to comply with applicable financial covenants. Divestitures have inherent risks, including possible delays in closing transactions, potential difficulties in obtaining regulatory approvals, receiving lower-than-expected sales proceeds for the divested assets, potential impairment charges and potential post-closing claims for indemnification. In addition, economic conditions, such as high inflation or rising interest rates, and relatively illiquid real estate markets may result in fewer potential bidders and unsuccessful sales efforts with respect to potential sales or divestitures. We are exposed to the credit risk of our customers and counterparties and their failure to meet their financial obligations could adversely affect our business. Our business is subject to credit risk. There is a risk that a customer or counterparty will fail to meet its obligations when due. Customers and counterparties that owe us money may default on their obligations to us due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. Although we have procedures for reviewing credit exposures to specific customers and counterparties to address present credit concerns, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are difficult to detect or foresee. Some of our risk management methods depend upon the evaluation of information regarding markets, clients or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible by us. That information may not, in all cases, be accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. In addition, concerns about, or a default by, one customer or counterparty could lead to significant liquidity problems, losses or defaults by other customers or counterparties, which in turn could adversely affect us. We may experience future rent deferral requests or defaults, the breadth of which will depend upon the scope, severity and duration of the future events and circumstances heightening credit risks. We may be materially and adversely affected in the event of a significant default by our customers and counterparties. From time to time, the base terms of some of our leases will expire and there is no assurance that such leases will be renewed at existing lease terms, at otherwise economically favorable terms or at all. From time to time, the base terms of some of our leases with our tenants will expire. These tenants have and may continue to seek rent or other concessions from us, including requiring us to modify the properties in order to renew their leases. There is no guarantee that we will be able to renew these leases at existing lease terms, at otherwise economically favorable terms or at all. In addition, if we fail to renew these leases, there can be no assurances that we will be able to locate substitute tenants for such properties or enter into leases with these substitute tenants on economically favorable terms, which may impact our financial results by lowering income or requiring us to record an impairment loss. 14 Operating risks in the experiential real estate industry may affect the ability of our customers to perform under their leases or mortgages. The ability of our customers to operate successfully in the experiential real estate industry and remain current on their obligations depends on a number of factors, including, with respect to theatres, the availability and popularity of motion pictures, the performance of those pictures in tenants' markets, the allocation of popular pictures to tenants, the release window (the time that elapses from the date of a motion picture's theatrical release to the date it is available on other mediums) and the terms on which the motion pictures are licensed. In addition, motion picture production is highly dependent on labor that is subject to various collective bargaining agreements. The Writers Guild of America and the Screen Actors Guild strikes in 2023 significantly impacted the production and supply of motion pictures. Studios are party to collective bargaining agreements with a number of other labor unions, and failure to reach timely agreements or renewals of existing agreements or future strikes or labor disruptions may further affect the production, supply and theatrical release of motion pictures. Studios or motion picture distributors may, as a result of consolidation or otherwise, modify their traditional studio release models, such as reducing the number of wide release titles or reducing theatrical release windows. Neither we nor our customers control the operations of studios or motion picture distributors. There can be no assurances that motion picture distributors will continue to rely on theatres as the primary means of distributing first-run films and motion picture distributors have, and may in the future, consider alternative film delivery methods. In addition, in August 2020, a U.S. District Court granted the U.S. Department of Justice's request to terminate the Paramount Consent Decrees, which prohibit movie studios from owning theatres or utilizing "block booking," a practice whereby movie studios sell multiple films as a package to theatres, in addition to other restrictions. There can be no assurances as to the effects of this regulatory action or whether this regulatory action will materially adversely affect our theatre customers' operations and, in turn, their ability to perform under their leases. Our other experiential customers are exposed to the risk of adverse economic conditions that can affect experiential activities. Eat & play, ski, attraction, experiential lodging, gaming, fitness & wellness and cultural properties are discretionary activities that can entail a relatively high cost of participation and may be adversely affected by an economic slowdown or recession. Economic conditions, including elevated interest rates and inflation, high unemployment and erosion of consumer confidence, may potentially have negative effects on our customers and on their results of operations. We cannot predict what impact these uncertainties may have on overall guest visitation, guest spending or other related trends and the ultimate impact it will have on our customers’ operations and, in turn, their ability to perform under their respective leases or mortgages. Real estate is a competitive business. We operate in the highly competitive real estate industry. We compete with a large number of real estate property investors and developers including traded and non-traded public REITs, private equity investors, sovereign funds, institutional investment funds and other investors, some of whom are significantly larger and have greater resources, access to capital and lower costs of capital or different investment parameters. Some of these investors may be willing to accept lower returns on their investments or have greater financial resources or a lower cost of capital than we do, a greater ability to borrow funds to acquire properties and the ability to accept more risk than we prudently manage. This competition may increase the demand for the types of properties in which we typically invest and, therefore, reduce the number of suitable acquisition opportunities available to us and increase the prices paid for such acquisition properties. This competition will increase if investments in real estate become more attractive relative to other types of investment. Accordingly, competition for the acquisition of real property could materially and adversely affect us. Principal factors of competition are rent or interest charged, attractiveness of location, the quality of the property and breadth and quality of services provided. If our competitors offer space at rental or interest rates below the rates we are currently charging our customers, we may lose potential customers, and we may be pressured to reduce our rental or interest rates below those we currently charge in order to retain customers when our customers’ leases or mortgages expire. Our success depends upon, among other factors, trends of the national and local economies, financial condition and operating results of current and prospective customers, availability and cost of capital, construction and renovation costs, taxes, governmental regulations, legislation and population trends. 15 Three customers represent a significant portion of our total revenues. Topgolf, AMC and Regal represent a significant portion of our total revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2025 , total reven ues of approximately $102.3 million or 14.2% were from Topgolf, approximately $97.4 million or 13.6% were from AMC and approximately $82.8 million or 11.5% were from R egal. We have diversified and expect to continue to diversify our real estate portfolio by entering into lease transactions or financing arrangements with a number of other tenants or borrowers. If for any reason Topgolf, AMC and/or Regal failed to perform under their lease or mortgage obligations for a significant period of time, or under any modified lease or mortgage obligations, we could be required to reduce or suspend our shareholder dividends and may not have sufficient funds to support operations or service our debt until substitute customers are obtained. If that happened, we cannot predict when or whether we could obtain substitute quality customers on acceptable terms. Properties we develop may not achieve sufficient operating results within expected timeframes and therefore the tenant or borrowers may not be able to pay their agreed upon rent or interest, and managed properties may not be able to operate profitably, which could adversely affect our financial results. A portion of our investments include build-to-suit projects. When construction is completed, these projects may require some period of time to achieve targeted operating results. For properties leased or financed, we may provide our tenants or borrowers with lease or financing terms that are more favorable to them during this timeframe. Tenants and borrowers that fail to achieve targeted operating results within expected timeframes may be unable to pay their obligations pursuant to the agreed upon lease or financing terms or at all. If we are required to restructure lease or financing terms or take other action with respect to the applicable property, our financial results may be impacted by lower revenues, recording an impairment or provision for loan loss or writing off rental or interest amounts. Additionally, if we have entered into a management agreement to operate a property we have developed, the project may not be able to achieve targeted operating results, which may impact our financial results by lowering income or recording an impairment loss. We have entered into management agreements to operate certain of our properties and we could be adversely affected if such managers do not manage these properties successfully. To maintain our status as a REIT, we are generally not permitted to directly operate our properties. As a result, from time to time, we enter into management agreements with third-party managers to operate certain properties. We utilize a third party manager for a limited number of theatres formerly operated by our tenants and may engage additional third-party managers in the future if customer defaults or bankruptcies result in our taking back properties. Additionally, we utilize a third party manager for the Kartrite Resort and Indoor Waterpark and two experiential lodging properties. For managed properties, our ability to direct and control how our properties are operated is less than if we were able to manage these properties directly. Under the terms of our management agreements, our participation in operating decisions relating to these properties is generally limited to certain matters. We do not supervise any of these managers or their personnel on a day-to-day basis. We cannot provide any assurances that the managers will manage our properties in a manner that is consistent with their respective obligations under the applicable management agreement or our obligations under any franchise agreements. We could be materially and adversely affected if any of our managers fail to effectively manage revenues and expenses, provide quality services and amenities, or otherwise fail to manage our properties in our best interests, and we may be financially responsible for the actions and inactions of the managers. In certain situations, we may terminate the management agreement. However, we can provide no assurances that we could identify a replacement manager, or that the replacement manager will manage our property successfully. A failure by our third-party managers to successfully manage our properties could lead to an increase in our operating expenses or decrease in our revenue, or both. Our indebtedness may affect our ability to operate our business and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. We have a significant amount of indebted ness. As of December 31, 2025 , we had total debt outstanding of approximately $2.9 billion . Our indebt edness could have important consequences, such as: • limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our working capital needs, acquisitions, capital expenditures or other debt service requirements or for other purposes; 16 • limiting our ability to use operating cash flow in other areas of our business because we must dedicate a substantial portion of these funds to service debt; • limiting our ability to compete with other companies who are not as highly leveraged, as we may be less capable of responding to adverse economic and industry conditions; • restricting us from making strategic acquisitions, developing properties or pursuing business opportunities; • restricting the way in which we conduct our business because of financial and operating covenants in the agreements governing our existing and future indebtedness; • exposing us to potential events of default (if not cured or waived) under financial and operating covenants contained in our debt instruments that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results; • increasing our vulnerability to a downturn in general economic conditions or in pricing of our investments; • negatively impacting our credit ratings; and • limiting our ability to react to changing market conditions in our industry and in our customers’ industries. In addition to our debt service obligations, our operations require substantial investments on a continuing basis. Our ability to make scheduled debt payments, to refinance our obligations with respect to our indebtedness and to fund capital and non-capital expenditures necessary to meet our remaining commitments on existing projects and maintain the condition of our assets, as well as to provide capacity for the growth of our business, depends on our financial and operating performance, which, in turn, is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, competitive, legal and other factors. Subject to the restrictions in our unsecured revolving credit facility and the debt instruments governing our existing senior notes, we may incur significant additional indebtedness, including additional secured indebtedness. Although the terms of our unsecured revolving credit facility and the debt instruments governing our existing senior notes contain restrictions on the incurrence of additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and additional indebtedness incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be significant. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the risks described above could increase. There are risks inherent in having indebtedness and using such indebtedness to fund acquisitions. We currently use debt to fund portions of our operations and acquisitions. In a rising or elevated interest rate environment, the cost of our existing variable rate debt and any new debt will likely increase or remain higher compared to historical periods. We have used leverage to acquire properties and expect to continue to do so in the future. Although the use of leverage is common in the real estate industry, our use of debt exposes us to some risks. If a significant number of our customers fail to make their lease or interest payments for a significant period of time, the risk of which has been heightened as a result of the generally challenging and uncertain economic environment, and we do not have sufficient cash to pay principal and interest on the debt, we could default on our debt obligations. A small amount of our debt financing is secured by mortgages on our properties and we may enter into additional secured mortgage financing in the future. If we fail to meet our mortgage payments, the lenders could declare a default and foreclose on those properties. We expect that our levels of investment spending will be limited in the near term due to elevated costs of capital. Most of our debt instruments contain balloon payments, which may adversely impact our financial performance and our ability to pay dividends. Most of our financing arrangements require us to make a lump-sum or "balloon" payment at maturity. There can be no assurance that we will be able to refinance such debt on favorable terms or at all, especially in light of elevated interest rates and other negative economic conditions. To the extent we cannot refinance such debt on favorable terms or at all, we may be forced to dispose of properties on disadvantageous terms or pay higher interest rates, either of which would have an adverse impact on our financial performance and ability to pay dividends to our shareholders. Without new financing, our growth is limited. As a REIT, we are required to distribute at least 90% of our taxable net income to shareholders in the form of dividends. Other than deciding to make these dividends in our common shares, we are limited in our ability to use internal capital to acquire properties and must continually raise new capital in order to continue to grow and 17 diversify our investment portfolio. Our ability to raise new capital depends in part on factors beyond our control, including conditions in equity and credit markets, conditions in the industries in which our customers are engaged and the performance of real estate investment trusts generally, all of which have been negatively impacted by generally challenging and uncertain economic conditions. We continually consider and evaluate a variety of potential transactions to raise additional capital, but we cannot assure that attractive alternatives will always be available to us, nor that our share price will increase or remain at a level that will permit us to continue to raise equity capital publicly or privately. Our real estate investments are concentrated in experiential real estate properties and a significant portion of those investments are in megaplex theatre properties, making us more vulnerable economically than if our investments were more diversified. We acquire, develop or finance experiential real estate properties. Although we are subject to the general risks inherent in concentrating investments in real estate, the risks resulting from a lack of diversification become even greater as a result of investing primarily in experiential real estate properties. These risks are further heightened by the fact that a significant portion of our investments are in megaplex theatre properties. Although a downturn in the real estate industry could significantly adversely affect the value of our properties, a downturn in the experiential real estate industry could compound this adverse effect. These adverse effects could be more pronounced than if we diversified our investments to a greater degree outside of experiential real estate properties or, more particularly, outside of megaplex theatre properties. Megaplex theatre properties depend on regular production and availability of motion pictures, which were severely disrupted during the COVID-19 pandemic and by the Writers Guild of America and Screen Actors Guild strikes in 2023. The future production and availability of motion pictures may be negatively affected by changes in traditional motion picture release models by studios or motion pictures distributors, as a result of consolidation or otherwise, such as reducing the number of wide release titles or reducing theatrical release windows. As a result, we are subject to more risk associated with megaplex theatres than if we had more diversified investments. If we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would be taxed as a corporation, which would substantially reduce funds available for payment of dividends to our shareholders. If we fail to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we will be taxed as a corporation. We are organized and believe we qualify as a REIT, and intend to operate in a manner that will allow us to continue to qualify as a REIT. Qualification as a REIT involves the application of highly technical and complex provisions of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Internal Revenue Code"), on which there are only limited judicial and administrative interpretations, and depends on facts and circumstances not entirely within our control, including requirements relating to the sources of our gross income. Accordingly, we cannot provide any assurance that we have always qualified and will remain qualified as a REIT in the future. Even a technical or inadvertent violation could jeopardize our REIT qualification. Rents received or accrued by us from our tenants may not be treated as qualifying income for purposes of these requirements if the leases are not respected as true leases or qualified financing arrangements for U.S. federal income tax purposes and instead are treated as service contracts, joint ventures or some other type of arrangement. If some or all of our leases are not respected as true leases or qualified financing arrangements for U.S. federal income tax purposes and are not otherwise treated as generating qualifying REIT income, we may fail to qualify to be taxed as a REIT. Furthermore, our qualification as a REIT will depend on our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, shareholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. Our ability to satisfy the asset tests depends upon our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination, and for which we may not obtain independent appraisals. In addition, future legislation, new regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions may significantly change the tax laws, the application of the tax laws to our qualification as a REIT or the U.S. federal income tax consequences of that qualification. If we were to fail to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year (including any prior taxable year for which the statute of limitations remains open), we would face tax consequences that could substantially reduce the funds available for the service of our debt and payment of dividends: • we would not be allowed a deduction for dividends paid to shareholders in computing our taxable income and would be subject to federal income tax at regular corporate rates; 18 • we could be subject to increased state and local taxes; • unless we are entitled to relief under statutory provisions, we could not elect to be treated as a REIT for four taxable years following the year in which we were disqualified; and • we could be subject to tax penalties and interest. In addition, if we fail to qualify as a REIT, we would no longer be required to pay dividends. As a result of these factors, our failure to qualify as a REIT could adversely affect the market price for our shares. In the event that we recognize a significant gain from cash settlement of a forward sale agreement under our ATM Program, the U.S. federal income tax treatment of the cash that we receive in such instance is unclear and could impact our ability to meet the REIT qualification requirements. We may enter into forward sale agreements from time to time in connection with our ATM Program and, subject to certain conditions, we have the right to elect physical, cash or net share settlement under these agreements at any time and from time to time, in part or in full. In the event that we elect to settle a forward sale agreement for cash and the settlement price is below the forward sale price, we would be entitled to receive a cash payment from the applicable forward purchaser(s). Under Section 1032 of the Internal Revenue Code, generally, no gains and losses are recognized by a corporation in dealing in its own shares, including pursuant to a “securities futures contract,” as defined in the Internal Revenue Code by reference to the Exchange Act. Although we believe that any amount received by us in exchange for our common shares would qualify for the exemption under Section 1032 of the Internal Revenue Code, because it is not entirely clear whether a forward sale agreement qualifies as a “securities futures contract,” the U.S. federal income tax treatment of any cash settlement payment we receive is uncertain. In the event that we recognize a significant gain from the cash settlement of a forward sale agreement, we might not be able to satisfy the gross income requirements applicable to REITs under the Internal Revenue Code. If we were to fail to satisfy one or both of the gross income tests for any taxable year, we may nevertheless qualify as a REIT for such year if we were entitled to relief under certain provisions of the Internal Revenue Code. If these relief provisions were inapplicable, we would not qualify to be taxed as a REIT. Even if we remain qualified for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, we may face other tax liabilities that reduce our funds available for payment of dividends to our shareholders. Even if we remain qualified for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, we may be subject to federal, state and local taxes on our income and assets, including taxes on any undistributed income, excise taxes, state or local income, property and transfer taxes, and other taxes. Also, some jurisdictions may in the future limit or eliminate favorable income tax deductions, including the dividends paid deduction, which could increase our income tax expense. In addition, in order to meet the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code, prevent the recognition of particular types of non-cash income, or avert the imposition of a 100% tax that applies to specified gains derived by a REIT from dealer property or inventory, we may hold or dispose of some of our assets and conduct some of our operations through our taxable REIT subsidiaries ("TRSs") or other subsidiary corporations that will be subject to corporate level income tax at regular rates. In addition, while we intend that our transactions with our TRSs will be conducted on arm's length bases, we may be subject to a 100% excise tax on a transaction that the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") or a court determines was not conducted at arm's length. Any of these taxes would decrease cash available for distribution to our shareholders. 19 Distribution requirements imposed by law limit our flexibility. To maintain our status as a REIT for federal income tax purposes, we are generally required to distribute to our shareholders at least 90% of our taxable income for that calendar year. Our taxable income is determined without regard to any deduction for dividends paid and by excluding net capital gains. To the extent that we satisfy the distribution requirement but distribute less than 100% of our taxable income, we will be subject to federal corporate income tax on our undistributed income. In addition, we will incur a 4% nondeductible excise tax on the amount, if any, by which our distributions in any year are less than the sum of (i) 85% of our ordinary income for that year, (ii) 95% of our capital gain net income for that year and (iii) 100% of our undistributed taxable income from prior years. We intend to continue to make distributions to our shareholders to comply with the distribution requirements of the Internal Revenue Code and to reduce exposure to federal income and nondeductible excise taxes. Differences in timing between the receipt of income and the payment of expenses in determining our taxable income and the effect of required debt amortization payments could require us to borrow funds on a short-term basis in order to meet the distribution requirements that are necessary to achieve the tax benefits associated with qualifying as a REIT. If arrangements involving our TRSs fail to comply as intended with the REIT qualification and taxation rules, we may fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code or be subject to significant penalty taxes. We lease some of our experiential lodging properties to our TRSs pursuant to arrangements that, under the Internal Revenue Code, are intended to qualify the rents we receive from our TRSs as income that satisfies the REIT gross income tests. We also intend that our transactions with our TRSs be conducted on an arm's length basis so that we and our TRSs will not be subject to penalty taxes under the Internal Revenue Code applicable to mispriced transactions. While relief provisions can sometimes excuse REIT gross income test failures, significant penalty taxes may still be imposed. For our TRS arrangements to comply as intended with the REIT qualification and taxation rules under the Internal Revenue Code, a number of requirements must be satisfied, including: • our TRSs may not directly or indirectly operate or manage a lodging facility, or provide rights to operate or manage a lodging facility under a brand name, other than through an eligible independent contractor as defined by the Internal Revenue Code; • the leases to our TRSs must be respected as true leases for federal income tax purposes and not as service contracts, partnerships, joint ventures, financings or other types of arrangements; • the leased properties must constitute qualified lodging facilities (including customary amenities and facilities) under the Internal Revenue Code; • our leased properties must be managed and operated on behalf of the TRSs by independent contractors who are less than 35% affiliated with us and who are actively engaged (or have affiliates so engaged) in the trade or business of managing and operating qualified lodging facilities for persons unrelated to us; and • the rental and other terms of the leases must be arm's length. We cannot be sure that the IRS or a court will agree with our assessment that our TRS arrangements comply as intended with REIT qualification and taxation rules. If arrangements involving our TRSs fail to comply as we intended, we may fail to qualify for taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code or be subject to significant penalty taxes. We may depend on distributions from our direct and indirect subsidiaries to service our debt and pay dividends to our shareholders. The creditors of these subsidiaries, and our direct creditors, are entitled to amounts payable to them before we pay any dividends to our shareholders. Substantially all of our assets are held through our subsidiaries. We depend on these subsidiaries for substantially all of our cash flow from operations. The creditors of each of our direct and indirect subsidiaries are entitled to payment of that subsidiary's obligations to them, when due and payable, before distributions may be made by that subsidiary to us. In addition, our creditors, whether secured or unsecured, are entitled to amounts payable to them before we may pay any dividends to our shareholders. Thus, our ability to service our debt obligations and pay dividends to holders of our common and preferred shares depends on our subsidiaries' ability first to satisfy their obligations to their creditors and then to pay distributions to us and our ability to satisfy our obligations to our direct creditors. Our 20 subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligations, other than limited guaranties of certain of our debt, to make funds available to us. Our development financing arrangements expose us to funding and completion risks. Our ability to meet our construction financing obligations that we have undertaken or may in the future enter into depends on our ability to obtain equity or debt financing in the required amounts. There is no assurance we can obtain this financing or that the financing rates available will ensure a spread between our cost of capital and the rent or interest payable to us under the related leases or mortgage notes receivable. As a result, we could fail to meet our construction financing obligations or decide to cease such funding, which, in turn, could result in failed projects and penalties, each of which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and business. We have a limited number of associates and loss of personnel could harm our operations and adversely affect the value of our shares. We had 54 f ull-time associates as of December 31, 2025 and, therefore, the impact we may feel from the loss of an associate may be greater than the impact such a loss would have on a larger organization. We are particularly dependent on the efforts of our senior leadership team . While we believe that we could find replacements for our personnel, the loss of their services could harm our operations and adversely affect the value of our shares. We are subject to risks associated with the employment of personnel by managers of certain of our properties. Managers of certain of our properties are responsible for hiring and maintaining the labor force at each of these properties. Although we do not directly employ or manage associates at these properties, we are subject to many of the costs and risks associated with such labor force, including but not limited to risks associated with that certain union contract binding the manager of our Kartrite Resort and Indoor Waterpark and overall labor shortages. From time to time, the operations of our properties that are managed by third parties may be disrupted as a result of strikes, lockouts, public demonstrations or other negative actions and publicity. We may also incur increased legal costs and indirect labor costs as a result of contract disputes and other events. The resolution of labor disputes or renegotiated labor contracts could lead to increased labor costs, either by increases in wages or benefits or by changes in work rules. We may in the future have greater dependence upon the gaming industry and may be susceptible to the risks associated with it, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. As a landlord of gaming facilities or secured creditor to gaming operators, we may be impacted by the risks associated with the gaming industry. Therefore, so long as we make investments in gaming-related assets, our success is dependent on the gaming industry, which could be adversely affected by economic conditions in general, changes in consumer trends and preferences and other factors over which we and our tenants have no control, such as public health crises, labor shortages, travel restrictions, supply chain disruptions and generally challenging and uncertain economic conditions. A component of the rent under our gaming facility lease agreements may be based, over time, on the performance of the gaming facilities operated by our tenants on our properties and any decline in the operating results of our gaming tenants could be material and adverse to our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. The gaming industry is characterized by a high degree of competition among a large number of participants, including riverboat casinos, dockside casinos, land-based casinos, video lottery, sweepstakes and poker machines not located in casinos, Native American gaming, internet lotteries and other internet wagering gaming services and, in a broader sense, gaming operators face competition from all manner of leisure and entertainment activities. Competition in the gaming industry is intense in most of the markets where our facilities are located. Recently, there has been additional significant competition in the gaming industry as a result of the upgrading or expansion of facilities by existing market participants, the entrance of new gaming participants into a market, internet gaming and legislative changes. As competing properties and new markets are opened, we may be negatively impacted. Additionally, decreases in discretionary consumer spending brought about by weakened general economic conditions such as, but not limited to, higher interest rates, high inflation, lackluster recoveries from recessions, high unemployment levels, higher income taxes, low levels of consumer confidence, weakness in the housing market, 21 cultural and demographic changes and increased stock market volatility may negatively impact our revenues and operating cash flows. We and our tenants face extensive regulation from gaming and other regulatory authorities with respect to our gaming properties. The ownership, operation, and management of gaming facilities are subject to pervasive regulation. These gaming regulations impact our gaming tenants and persons associated with our gaming facilities, which in many jurisdictions include us as the landlord and owner of the real estate. Certain gaming authorities in the jurisdictions in which we hold properties may require us and/or our affiliates to maintain a license as a key business entity or supplier because of our status as landlord. Gaming authorities also retain great discretion to require us to be found suitable as a landlord, and certain of our shareholders, officers and trustees may be required to be found suitable as well. In many jurisdictions, gaming laws can require certain of our shareholders to file an application, be investigated, and qualify or have their suitability determined by gaming authorities. Gaming authorities have very broad discretion in determining whether an applicant should be deemed suitable. Subject to certain administrative proceeding requirements, the gaming regulators have the authority to deny any application or limit, condition, restrict, revoke or suspend any license, registration, finding of suitability or approval, or fine any person licensed, registered or found suitable or approved, for any cause deemed reasonable by the gaming authorities. Gaming authorities may conduct investigations into the conduct or associations of our trustees, officers, key associates or investors to ensure compliance with applicable standards. If we are required to be found suitable and are found suitable as a landlord, we will be registered as a public company with the gaming authorities and will be subject to disciplinary action if, after we receive notice that a person is unsuitable to be a shareholder or to have any other relationship with us, we: • pay that person any distribution or interest upon any of our voting securities; • allow that person to exercise, directly or indirectly, any voting right conferred through securities held by that person; • pay remuneration in any form to that person for services rendered or otherwise; or • fail to pursue all lawful efforts to require such unsuitable person to relinquish his or her voting securities, including, if necessary, the immediate purchase of the voting securities for cash at fair market value. Many jurisdictions also require any person who acquires beneficial ownership of more than a certain percentage of voting securities of a gaming company and, in some jurisdictions, non-voting securities, typically 5% of a publicly-traded company, to report the acquisition to gaming authorities, and gaming authorities may require such holders to apply for qualification, licensure or a finding of suitability, subject to limited exceptions for "institutional investors" that hold a company's voting securities for passive investment purposes only. Required regulatory approvals can delay or prohibit transfers of our gaming properties, which could result in periods in which we are unable to receive rent for such properties. The tenant of our gaming property is (and any future tenants of our gaming properties will be) a gaming operator required to be licensed under applicable law. If our gaming facility lease agreement, or any such future lease agreements we enter into, are terminated (which could be required by a regulatory agency) or expire, any new tenant must be licensed and receive other regulatory approvals to operate our properties as gaming facilities. Any delay in, or inability of, the new tenant to receive required licenses and other regulatory approvals from the applicable state and county government agencies to operate the properties as gaming facilities may prolong the period during which we are unable to collect the applicable rent. Further, in the event that our gaming facility lease agreement or future lease agreements are terminated or expire and a new tenant is not licensed or fails to receive other regulatory approvals, the properties may not be operated as gaming facilities and we will not be able to collect the applicable rent. Moreover, we may be unable to transfer or sell the affected properties as gaming facilities, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and prospects. 22 We face risks associated with security breaches through cyber-attacks, cyber-intrusions or otherwise, as well as other significant disruptions of our information technology networks and related systems. We face risks associated with security breaches, whether through cyber-attacks or cyber-intrusions over the internet, malware, computer viruses, attachments to e-mails, persons inside our organization or persons with access to systems inside our organization, and other significant disruptions of our information technology ("IT") networks and related systems. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attack or cyber-intrusion, including by computer hackers, foreign governments and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased. These risks are further heightened by factors such as developments in artificial intelligence, increased remote working and geopolitical turmoil. Our IT networks and related systems are essential to the operation of our business and our ability to perform day-to-day operations, including the increase in remote access and operations due to reshaping traditional working dynamics. Although we make efforts to maintain the security and integrity of these types of IT networks and related systems, and we have implemented various measures to manage the risk of a security breach or disruption, there can be no assurance that our security efforts and measures will be effective or that attempted security breaches or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. A security breach or other significant disruption involving our IT networks and related systems could disrupt the proper functioning of our networks and systems; result in misstated financial reports, violations of loan covenants and/or missed reporting deadlines; result in our inability to monitor our compliance with the rules and regulations regarding our qualification as a REIT; result in the unauthorized access to, and destruction, loss, theft, misappropriation or release of proprietary, confidential, sensitive or otherwise valuable information of ours or others, which could be used to compete against us or for disruptive, destructive or otherwise harmful purposes and outcomes; require significant management attention and resources to remedy any damages that result; subject us to claims for breach of contract, damages, credits, penalties or termination of certain agreements; or damage our reputation among our tenants and investors generally. Any or all of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and ability to make distributions with respect to, and the market price of, our common shares. We may also incur losses in connection with security breaches that exceed coverage limits under our cyber insurance policies. Our service providers, tenants, managers of our properties and other customers and their business partners are exposed to similar risks and the occurrence of a security breach or other disruption with respect to their information technology and infrastructure could, in turn, have a material adverse impact on our results of operations and business. The use of artificial intelligence presents risks and challenges that may adversely impact our business and operating results or that of our customers. We may adopt and integrate generative artificial intelligence and machine learning (collectively, “AI”) tools into our operations to enhance efficiencies and streamline existing systems, and our customers may similarly implement such tools. However, the deployment and maintenance of AI tools may entail substantial risks. While these tools hold promise in optimizing processes and driving efficiencies, as with many technological innovations, they also pose inherent risks. These include, but are not limited to, the potential for inaccuracy, bias, intellectual property infringement, or misappropriation, as well as concerns regarding data privacy and cybersecurity. As AI technologies become more advanced, cybercriminals may develop more sophisticated attack methods. Such methods may include the use of AI to automate and enhance phishing schemes, advance malware, and carry out more effective cyberattacks. The AI-driven cyber threats could be harder to detect and counteract, which may pose significant risks to our data security and the integrity of our systems and those of our customers and third-party service providers. If such AI-enhanced cyberattacks are successful, they could lead to substantial data breaches, loss of sensitive information, and significant financial and reputational damage. 23 Changes in accounting standards issued by the Financial Accounting Standards Board ("FASB") or other standard-setting bodies may adversely affect our business. Our financial statements are subject to the application of U.S. GAAP, which is periodically revised and/or expanded. From time to time, we are required to adopt new or revised accounting standards issued by recognized authoritative bodies, including the FASB and the SEC. It is possible that accounting standards we are required to adopt may require changes to the current accounting treatment that we apply to our consolidated financial statements and may require us to make significant changes to our systems. Changes in accounting standards could result in a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks That Apply to Our Real Estate Business Real estate income and the value of real estate investments fluctuate due to various factors. The value of real estate fluctuates depending on conditions in the general economy and the real estate business. These conditions may also limit our revenues and available cash. Valuations and appraisals of our assets are estimates of fair value and may not necessarily correspond to realizable value. The rents, interest and other payments we receive and the occupancy levels at our properties may decline as a result of adverse changes in any of the factors that affect the value of our real estate. If our revenues decline, we generally would expect to have less cash available to pay our indebtedness and distribute to our shareholders. In addition, some of our unreimbursed costs of owning real estate may not decline when the related rents decline. The factors that affect the value of our real estate include, among other things: • international, national, regional and local economic conditions; • consequences of any armed conflict involving, or terrorist attack against, the U.S. or Canada; • the threat of domestic terrorism or pandemic or other illness outbreaks (such as COVID-19 or variants thereof), which could cause consumers to avoid congregate settings; • our ability or the ability of our tenants or managers to secure adequate insurance; • natural disasters, such as earthquakes, hurricanes, wildfires and floods, which could exceed the aggregate limits of insurance coverage; • impacts of climate change; • local conditions such as an oversupply of space or lodging properties or a reduction in demand for real estate in the area; • competition from other available space or, in the case of our experiential lodging properties, competition from other lodging properties or alternative lodging options in our markets; • whether tenants and users such as customers of our tenants consider a property attractive; • the financial condition of our tenants, borrowers and managers, including the extent of bankruptcies or defaults; • higher levels of inflation; • whether we are able to pass some or all of any increased operating costs through to tenants or other customers; • how well we manage our properties or how well the managers of properties manage those properties; • in the case of our experiential lodging properties, dependence on demand from business and leisure travelers, which may fluctuate and be seasonal; • fluctuations in interest rates; • changes in real estate taxes and other expenses; • changes in market rental rates; • the timing and costs associated with property improvements and rentals; • changes in taxation or zoning laws; • government regulation; • availability of financing on acceptable terms or at all and the costs of such financing; • potential liability under environmental or other laws or regulations; and • general competitive factors. 24 The rents, interest and other payments we receive and the occupancy levels at our properties may decline as a result of adverse changes in any of these factors. If our revenues decline, we generally would expect to have less cash available to pay our indebtedness and distribute to our shareholders. In addition, some of our unreimbursed costs of owning real estate may not decline when the related rents decline. There are risks associated with owning and leasing real estate. Although our lease terms, in most cases, obligate the tenants to bear substantially all of the costs of operating the properties and our managers to manage such costs, investing in real estate involves a number of risks, including: • the risk that tenants will not perform under their leases or that managers will not perform under their management agreements, reducing our income from such leases or properties under such management; • we may not always be able to lease properties at favorable rates or certain tenants may require significant capital expenditures by us to conform existing properties to their requirements; • we may not always be able to sell a property when we desire to do so at a favorable price; and • changes in tax, zoning or other laws could make properties less attractive or less profitable. If a tenant fails to perform on its lease covenants or a manager fails to perform on its management covenants, that would not excuse us from meeting any debt obligation secured by the property and could require us to fund reserves in favor of our lenders, thereby reducing funds available for payment of dividends. We cannot be assured that tenants or managers will elect to renew their leases or management agreements when the terms expire. If a tenant or manager does not renew its lease or agreement or if a tenant or a manager defaults on its lease or management obligations, there is no assurance we could obtain a substitute tenant or manager on acceptable terms. If we cannot obtain another quality tenant or manager, we may be required to modify the property for a different use, which may involve a significant capital expenditure and a delay in re-leasing the property or obtaining a new manager. Some potential losses are not covered by insurance. Our leases with tenants, financing arrangements with borrowers and agreements with managers of our properties require the customers and managers to carry comprehensive liability, casualty, workers' compensation, extended coverage and rental loss insurance on our properties, as applicable. We believe the required coverage is of the type, and amount, customarily obtained by an owner of similar properties. We believe all of our properties are adequately insured. However, we are exposed to risks that the insurance coverage levels required under our leases with tenants, financing arrangements with borrowers and agreements with managers of our properties may increase in cost significantly or be inadequate, and these risks may be increased as we expand our portfolio into experiential properties that may present more risk of loss as compared to properties in our existing portfolio. In addition, there are some types of losses, such as pandemics, catastrophic acts of nature, acts of war or riots, for which we, our customers or managers of our properties cannot obtain insurance at an acceptable cost or at all. If there is an uninsured loss or a loss in excess of insurance limits, we could lose both the revenues generated by the affected property and the capital we have invested in the property. We would, however, remain obligated to repay any mortgage indebtedness or other obligations related to the property. In addition, the cost of insurance protection against terrorist acts has risen dramatically over the years. There can be no assurance our customers or managers of our properties will be able to obtain terrorism insurance coverage, as applicable, or that any coverage they do obtain will adequately protect our properties against loss from terrorist attack. Joint ventures may limit flexibility with jointly owned investments. We may continue to acquire or develop properties in joint ventures with third parties when those transactions appear desirable. We would not own the entire interest in any property acquired by a joint venture. Our participation in joint ventures subjects us to risks, including but not limited to, the following risks that: • we may need our partner(s)' consent for major decisions regarding a joint venture property; • our joint venture partners may have different objectives than us regarding the appropriate timing and terms of any sale or refinancing of a property, its operation or, if applicable, the commencement of development activities; 25 • our joint venture partners may be structured differently than us for tax purposes and this could create conflicts of interest, including with respect to our compliance with the REIT requirements, and our REIT status could be jeopardized if any of our joint ventures do not operate in compliance with REIT requirements; • our joint venture partners may have competing interests in our markets that could create conflicts of interest; • our joint venture partners may default on their obligations, which could necessitate that we fulfill their obligations ourselves or forfeit our interest in the ventures; • our joint ventures may be unable to repay any amounts that we may loan to them; • our joint venture agreements may contain provisions limiting the liquidity of our interest for sale or sale of the entire asset; • as the general partner or managing member of a joint venture, we could be generally liable under applicable law for the debts and obligations of the venture, and we may not be entitled to contribution or indemnification from our partners; and • our joint venture agreements may contain provisions that allow our partners to remove us as the general partner or managing member for cause, and this could result in liability for us to our partners under the governing agreement of the joint venture. If we have a dispute with a joint venture partner, we may feel it necessary or become obligated to acquire the partner's interest in the venture or to forfeit our interest in the venture. However, we cannot ensure that the price we would have to pay or the timing of the acquisition would be favorable to us. If we are invested in a joint venture in which control over significant decisions is shared, the assets and financial results of the joint venture may not be reportable by us on a consolidated basis. To the extent we have commitments to, or on behalf of, or are dependent on, any such "off-balance sheet" arrangements, or if those arrangements or their properties or leases are subject to material contingencies, our liquidity, financial condition and operating results could be adversely affected by those commitments or off-balance sheet arrangements. Our multi-tenant properties expose us to additional risks. Our entertainment districts and similar properties we may seek to acquire or develop in the future, involve risks not typically encountered in the purchase and lease-back of real estate properties that are operated by a single tenant. The ownership or development of multi-tenant retail centers could expose us to the risk that a sufficient number of suitable tenants may not be found to enable the centers to operate profitably and provide a return to us. This risk may be compounded by the failure of existing tenants to satisfy their obligations due to various factors, including economic downturns or inflation. These risks, in turn, could cause a material adverse impact to our results of operations and business. Retail centers are also subject to tenant turnover and fluctuations in occupancy rates, which could affect our operating results. Multi-tenant retail centers also expose us to the risk of potential common area maintenance expense slippage, which may occur when the actual cost of taxes, insurance and maintenance at the property exceeds the common area maintenance fees paid by tenants. We may from time to time be subject to litigation that could negatively impact our financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and the trading price of our shares. We may from time to time be a defendant in lawsuits and regulatory proceedings relating to our business or properties. Such litigation and proceedings may result in defense costs, settlements, fines, or judgments against us, some of which may not be covered by insurance. Due to the inherent uncertainties of litigation and regulatory proceedings, we cannot accurately predict the ultimate outcome of any such litigation or proceedings. An unfavorable outcome may result in our having to pay significant fines, judgments, or settlements, which, if uninsured, or if exceeding insurance coverage, could adversely impact our financial condition, cash flows, results of operations and the trading price of our shares. Additionally, certain proceedings or the resolution of certain proceedings may affect the availability or cost of some of our insurance coverage, exposing us to increased risks for which we may be uninsured. 26 Failure to comply with the Americans with Disabilities Act and other laws could result in substantial costs. Most of our properties must comply with the ADA. The ADA requires that public accommodations reasonably accommodate individuals with disabilities and that new construction or alterations be made to commercial facilities to conform to accessibility guidelines. Failure to comply with the ADA can result in injunctions, fines, damage awards to private parties and additional capital expenditures to remedy noncompliance. Our leases with tenants, financing arrangements with borrowers and agreements with managers of our properties require them to comply with the ADA. Our properties are also subject to various other federal, state and local regulatory requirements. We do not know whether existing requirements will change or whether compliance with future requirements will involve significant unanticipated expenditures. Although these expenditures would be the responsibility of our customers in most cases, if these customers fail to perform these obligations, we may be required to do so. Potential liability for environmental contamination could result in substantial costs. Under federal, state and local environmental laws, we may be required to investigate and clean up any release of hazardous or toxic substances or petroleum products at our properties, regardless of our knowledge or actual responsibility, simply because of our current or past ownership of the real estate. If unidentified environmental problems arise, we may have to make substantial payments, which could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to service our debt and pay dividends to our shareholders. This is because: • as owner, we may have to pay for property damage and for investigation and clean-up costs incurred in connection with the contamination; • the law may impose clean-up responsibility and liability regardless of whether the owner or operator knew of or caused the contamination; • even if more than one person is responsible for the contamination, each person who shares legal liability under environmental laws may be held responsible for all of the clean-up costs; and • governmental entities and third parties may sue the owner or operator of a contaminated site for damages and costs. These costs could be substantial and in extreme cases could exceed the value of the contaminated property. The presence of hazardous substances or petroleum products or the failure to properly remediate contamination may adversely affect our ability to borrow against, sell or lease an affected property. In addition, some environmental laws create liens on contaminated sites in favor of the government for damages and costs it incurs in connection with a contamination. Most of our loan agreements require the Company or a subsidiary to indemnify the lender against environmental liabilities. Our leases with tenants and agreements with managers of our properties require them to operate the properties in compliance with environmental laws and to indemnify us against environmental liability arising from the operation of the properties. We believe all of our properties are in material compliance with environmental laws. However, we could be subject to strict liability under environmental laws because we own the properties. There is also a risk that tenants and borrowers may not satisfy their environmental compliance and indemnification obligations under the leases or other agreements. Any of these events could substantially increase our cost of operations, require us to fund environmental indemnities in favor of our lenders, limit the amount we could borrow under our unsecured revolving credit facility and reduce our ability to service our debt and pay dividends to shareholders. 27 We are exposed to the potential impacts of future climate change and climate-change related risks. We are exposed to potential physical risks from possible future changes in climate. We have significant investments in coastal markets, some of which may be targeted for future growth. Those coastal markets have historically experienced severe weather events, such as severe storms and prolonged drought, as well as other natural catastrophes such as wildfires and floods. If the frequency of extreme weather and other natural events increases due to climate change, our exposure to these events could increase. We may also be adversely impacted as a real estate owner, operator and developer in the future by stricter energy and water efficiency standards, water access for our properties or greenhouse gas regulations. Climate change may also have indirect negative effects on our business by increasing the cost of, or decreasing the availability of, property insurance on terms we find acceptable and increasing the cost of energy and building materials. Compliance with new laws or regulations and investor expectations relating to climate change and climate change disclosure, including compliance with securities and any federal or state disclosure requirements, voluntary compliance with independent rating systems and “green” building codes, may require us or our customers to make improvements to our existing properties or result in increased operating costs, thereby impacting the financial condition of our customers and their ability to meet their lease or debt obligations. We cannot give any assurance that other such conditions do not exist or may not arise in the future. The potential impacts of future climate change on our real estate properties could adversely affect our ability to lease, develop or sell such properties. If we are unable to comply with laws and regulations on climate change or implement effective sustainability strategies, our reputation among our customers and investors may be damaged and we may incur fines or penalties. Real estate investments are relatively illiquid. We may desire to sell properties in the future because of changes in market conditions, poor tenant performance or default of any mortgage we hold, or to avail ourselves of other opportunities. We may also be required to sell a property in the future to meet debt obligations or avoid a default. Specialty real estate projects such as our investments cannot always be sold quickly, and we cannot assure you that we could always obtain a favorable price. In addition, the Internal Revenue Code limits our ability to sell our properties. We may be required to invest in the restoration or modification of a property before we can sell it. The inability to respond promptly to changes in the performance of our property portfolio could adversely affect our financial condition and ability to service our debt and pay dividends to our shareholders. There are risks in owning assets outside the United States. Our properties in Canada and future investments in other international markets we may enter are subject to the risks normally associated with international operations. The value of our current international portfolio and any other properties we purchase in non-U.S. jurisdictions may be affected by factors specific to the laws and business practices of such jurisdictions. The laws and business practices of foreign jurisdictions may expose us to risks that are different from and in addition to those commonly found in the United States, including, but not limited to, the following: (i) the burden of complying with non-U.S. laws including land use and zoning laws or more stringent environmental laws; (ii) existing or new laws relating to the foreign ownership of real property and laws restricting our ability to repatriate earnings and cash into the United States; (iii) the potential for expropriation; (iv) adverse effects of changes in the exchange rate between U.S. dollars and foreign currencies in which revenue is generated at our properties outside the United States; (v) imposition of adverse or confiscatory taxes, changes in real estate and other tax rates or laws and changes in other operating expenses in such foreign jurisdictions; (vi) possible challenges to the anticipated tax treatment of our revenue and our properties; (vii) the potential difficulty of enforcing rights and obligations in other countries; and (viii) our more limited experience and expertise in foreign countries relative to our experience and expertise in the United States. Non-U.S. real estate and tax laws are complex and subject to change, and we cannot assure you we will always be in compliance with those laws or that compliance will not expose us to additional expense. We may also be subject to fluctuations in real estate values or markets or the economy as a whole of non-U.S. jurisdictions we enter, which may adversely affect our international investments. 28 There are risks in owning or financing properties for which the tenants', borrowers', or our operations may be impacted by weather conditions, climate change and natural disasters. Severe weather events, such as severe storms and prolonged drought, as well as other natural catastrophes such as wildfires and floods may interrupt the operations of an operator, damage our properties, reduce the number of guests who visit the properties in affected areas or negatively impact an operator's revenue and profitability. Damage to our properties could take a long time to repair and there is no guarantee that we would have adequate insurance to cover the costs of repair and recoup lost profits. Furthermore, such a disaster may interrupt or impede access to our affected properties or require evacuations and may cause visits to our affected properties to decrease for an indefinite period. The ability of our operators to attract visitors to our experiential lodging properties is also influenced by the aesthetics and natural beauty of the outdoor environment where these resorts are located. Severe weather events, such as severe storms and prolonged drought, as well as other natural catastrophes such as wildfires and floods could negatively impact the natural beauty of our resort properties and have a long-term negative impact on an operator's overall guest visitation as it could take several years for the environment to recover. We have acquired and financed ski properties and expect to do so in the future. The operators of these properties, our tenants or borrowers, are dependent upon the operations of the properties to pay their rents and service their loans. The ski property operator's ability to attract visitors is influenced by weather conditions and climate change in general, each of which may impact the amount of snowfall during the ski season. Adverse weather conditions may discourage visitors from participating in outdoor activities. In addition, unseasonably warm weather may result in inadequate natural snowfall, which increases the cost of snowmaking, and could render snowmaking wholly or partially ineffective in maintaining quality skiing conditions and attracting visitors. Excessive natural snowfall may materially increase the costs incurred for grooming trails and may also make it difficult for visitors to obtain access to ski properties. We also own and finance attractions that would also be subject to risks relating to weather conditions such as in the case of waterparks and amusement parks, including excessive rainfall or unseasonable temperatures. Prolonged periods of adverse weather conditions, or the occurrence of such conditions during peak visitation periods, could have a material adverse effect on the operator's financial results and could impair the ability of the operator to make rental or other payments or service our loans. We face risks associated with the development, redevelopment and expansion of properties and the acquisition of other real estate related companies. We may develop, redevelop or expand new or existing properties or acquire other real estate related companies, and these activities are subject to various risks. We may not be successful in pursuing such development or acquisition opportunities. In addition, newly developed or redeveloped/expanded properties or newly acquired companies may not perform as well as expected. We are subject to other risks in connection with any such development or acquisition activities, including the following: • we may not succeed in completing developments or consummating desired acquisitions on time; • we may face competition in pursuing development or acquisition opportunities, which could increase our costs; • we may encounter difficulties and incur substantial expenses in integrating acquired properties into our operations and systems and, in any event, the integration may require a substantial amount of time on the part of both our management and associates and therefore divert their attention from other aspects of our business; • we may undertake developments or acquisitions in new markets or industries where we do not have the same level of market knowledge, which may expose us to unanticipated risks in those markets and industries to which we are unable to effectively respond, such as an inability to attract qualified personnel with knowledge of such markets and industries; • we may incur construction costs in connection with developments, which may be higher than projected, potentially making the project unfeasible or unprofitable; • we may incur unanticipated capital expenditures in order to maintain or improve acquired properties; • we may be unable to obtain zoning, occupancy or other governmental approvals; • we may experience delays in receiving rental payments for developments that are not completed on time; • our developments or acquisitions may not be profitable; 29 • we may need the consent of third parties such as anchor tenants, mortgage lenders and joint venture partners, and those consents may be withheld; • we may incur adverse tax consequences if we fail to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes following an acquisition; • we may be subject to risks associated with providing mortgage financing to third parties in connection with transactions, including any default under such mortgage financing; • we may face litigation or other claims in connection with, or as a result of, acquisitions, including claims from terminated associates, tenants, former shareholders or other third parties; • the market price of our common shares, preferred shares and debt securities may decline, particularly if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of any acquisition as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by securities or industry analysts or if the effect of an acquisition on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows is not consistent with the expectations of these analysts; • we may issue shares in connection with acquisitions resulting in dilution to our existing shareholders; and • we may assume debt or other liabilities in connection with acquisitions. In addition, there is no assurance that planned third-party financing related to development and acquisition opportunities will be provided on a timely basis or at all, thus increasing the risk that such opportunities are delayed or fail to be completed as originally contemplated. We may also abandon development or acquisition opportunities that we have begun pursuing and consequently fail to recover expenses already incurred and have devoted management time to a matter not consummated. In some cases, we may agree to lease or other financing terms for a development project in advance of completing and funding the project, in which case we are exposed to the risk of an increase in our cost of capital during the interim period leading up to the funding, which can reduce, eliminate or result in a negative spread between our cost of capital and the payments we expect to receive from the project. Furthermore, our acquisitions of new properties or companies will expose us to the liabilities of those properties or companies, some of which we may not be aware at the time of acquisition. In addition, development of our existing properties presents similar risks. If a development or acquisition is unsuccessful, either because it is not meeting our expectations or was not completed according to our plans, we could lose our investment in the development or acquisition. Risks That May Affect the Market Price of Our Shares We cannot assure you we will continue paying cash dividends at current rates. Our dividend policy is determined by our Board of Trustees. Our ability to pay dividends on our common shares or to pay dividends on our preferred shares at their stated rates depends on a number of factors, including our liquidity, our financial condition and results of future operations, the performance of lease and mortgage terms by our tenants and customers, our ability to acquire, finance and lease additional properties at attractive rates, and provisions in our loan covenants. Although we currently intend to pay dividends in future periods, there can be no assurances that we will maintain or increase any future common share dividend rate, and the market price of our common shares and possibly our preferred shares could be adversely affected if we fail to maintain or increase such rate. Furthermore, if the Board of Trustees decides to pay dividends on our common shares partially or substantially all in common shares, that could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common shares and possibly our preferred shares. Market interest rates may have an effect on the value of our shares. One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our common shares or preferred shares is our dividend rate as a percentage of our share price, relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase or remain elevated, prospective investors may desire a higher dividend rate on our common shares or seek securities paying higher dividends or interest. Higher interest rates would also likely increase our future borrowing costs and potentially decrease funds available for distribution, which could have an adverse effect on the market price of our common shares and possibly our preferred shares. 30 Inflation may have an effect on the value of our shares. One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our common shares or preferred shares is our ability to increase rent or interest income on existing leases and loans in the event of significant inflation. Our long-term leases and loans typically contain provisions such as rent or interest escalators and percentage rent or percentage interest designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation. However, in periods of significant inflation, the impact of these provisions may be limited due to fixed escalators, rent or interest caps and percentage rent or interest breakpoints, potentially resulting in below-market lease rates or loan terms. Accordingly, if inflation increases significantly, prospective investors may desire to invest in a company that can increase revenue without such contractual limitations, which could impact the market value of our shares. Broad market fluctuations could negatively impact the market price of our shares. The stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations in recent years. Such volatility has affected the market price of the common equity of many companies, including companies in industries similar or related to ours. These broad market fluctuations could reduce the market price of our shares. Furthermore, our operating results and prospects may be below the expectations of public market analysts and investors or may be lower than those of companies with comparable market capitalization. Either of these factors could lead to a material decline in the market price of our shares. Market prices for our shares may be affected by perceptions about the financial health or share value of our tenants, borrowers and managers or the performance of REIT stocks generally. To the extent any of our customers or their competitors report losses, slower earnings growth, take charges against earnings or enter bankruptcy proceedings, the market price for our shares could be adversely affected. The market price for our shares could also be affected by any weakness in the performance of REIT stocks generally or weakness in any of the sectors in which our customers operate, any of which may be adversely affected by generally challenging and uncertain economic conditions. Limits on changes in control may discourage takeover attempts, which may be beneficial to our shareholders. There are a number of provisions in our Declaration of Trust and Bylaws and under Maryland law and agreements we have with others, any of which could make it more difficult for a party to make a tender offer for our shares or complete a takeover of the Company that is not approved by our Board of Trustees. These include: • a limit on beneficial ownership of our shares, which acts as a defense against a hostile takeover or acquisition of a significant or controlling interest, in addition to preserving our REIT status; • the ability of the Board of Trustees to issue preferred or common shares, to reclassify preferred or common shares, and to increase the amount of our authorized preferred or common shares, without shareholder approval; • limits on the ability of shareholders to remove trustees without cause; • requirements for advance notice of shareholder proposals at shareholder meetings; • provisions of Maryland law restricting business combinations and control share acquisitions not approved by the Board of Trustees and unsolicited takeovers; • provisions of Maryland law protecting corporations (and by extension REITs) against unsolicited takeovers by limiting the duties of the trustees in unsolicited takeover situations; • provisions in Maryland law providing that the trustees are not subject to any higher duty or greater scrutiny than that applied to any other director under Maryland law in transactions relating to the acquisition or potential acquisition of control; • provisions of Maryland law creating a statutory presumption that an act of the trustees satisfies the applicable standards of conduct for trustees under Maryland law; • provisions in loan or joint venture agreements putting the Company in default upon a change in control; and • provisions of our compensation arrangements with our associates calling for severance compensation and vesting of equity compensation upon termination of employment upon a change in control or certain events of the associates' termination of service. 31 Any or all of these provisions could delay or prevent a change in control of the Company, even if the change was in our shareholders' interest or offered a greater return to our shareholders. We may change our policies without obtaining the approval of our shareholders. Our operating and financial policies, including our policies with respect to acquiring or financing real estate or other companies, growth, operations, indebtedness, capitalization and dividends, are exclusively determined by our Board of Trustees. Accordingly, our shareholders do not control these policies. Dilution could affect the value of our shares. Our future growth will depend in part on our ability to raise additional capital. If we raise additional capital through the issuance of equity securities (directly, in underwritten offerings or through our ATM Program or DSP Plan, or indirectly through convertible or exchangeable securities, warrants or options), the interests of holders of our common shares could be diluted. Any such additional issuances, or the perception that additional equity securities are available for issuance or that such issuances are likely to occur, could materially and adversely affect the market price for our common shares. Likewise, our Board of Trustees is authorized to cause us to issue preferred shares in one or more series, the holders of which would be entitled to dividends and voting and other rights as our Board of Trustees determines, and which could be senior to or convertible into our commo n shares. Accordingly, an issuance by us of preferred shares could be dilutive to or otherwise adversely affect the interests of holders of our common shares. As of December 31, 2025 , our Series C preferred shares are convertible, at each of the holder's option, into our common shares at a conversion rate o f 0.4378 c ommon shares per $25.00 liquidation preference, which is equivalent to a conversion price of approxim ately $57.10 per common share (subject to adjustment in certain events). Additionally, as of December 31, 2025 , our Series E preferred shares are convertible, at each of the holder's option, into our common shares at a conver sion rate of 0.4845 common shares per $25.00 liquidation preference, which is equivalent to a conversion price of approximately $51.60 p er common share (subject to adjustment in certain events). Under certain circumstances in connection with a change in control of the Company, holders of our Series G preferred shares may elect to convert some or all of their Series G preferred shares into a number of our common shares per Series G preferred share equal to the lesser of (a) the $25.00 per share liquidation preference, plus accrued and unpaid dividends divided by the market value of our common shares or (b) 0.7389 shares. Depending upon the number of Series C, Series E and Series G preferred shares being converted at one time, a conversion of Series C, Series E and Series G preferred shares could be dilutive to or otherwise adversely affect the interests of holders of our common shares. In addition, we may issue a significant amount of equity securities in connection with acquisitions or investments, with or without seeking shareholder approval, which could result in significant dilution to our existing shareholders. Future offerings of debt or equity securities, which may rank senior to our common shares, may adversely affect the market price of our common shares. If we decide to issue debt securities in the future, which would rank senior to our common shares, it is likely that they will be governed by an indenture or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, any equity securities or convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common shares and may result in dilution to owners of our common shares. We and, indirectly, our shareholders, will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing or nature of our future offerings. Thus, holders of our common shares will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common shares and diluting the value of their shareholdings in us. Changes in foreign currency exchange rates may have an impact on the value of our shares. The functional currency for our Canadian operations is CAD. As a result, our future operating results could be affected by fluctuations in the USD-CAD exchange rate, which in turn could affect our share price. We have attempted to mitigate our exposure to Canadian currency exchange risk by entering into foreign currency exchange contracts to hedge in part our exposure to exchange rate fluctuations. Foreign currency derivatives are subject to future risk of loss. We do not engage in purchasing foreign exchange contracts for speculative purposes. 32 Additionally, we may enter other international markets that pose similar currency fluctuation risks as described above. We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could reduce the market price of our shares. At any time, the U.S. federal income tax laws or regulations governing REITs or the administrative interpretations of those laws or regulations may be changed, possibly with retroactive effect. We cannot predict if or when any new U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, or any amendment to any existing U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation, will be adopted, promulgated or become effective or whether any such law, regulation or interpretation may take effect retroactively. We and our shareholders could be adversely affected by any such change in, or any new, U.S. federal income tax law, regulation or administrative interpretation. Furthermore, any proposals seeking broader reform of U.S. federal income tax laws, if enacted, could change the federal income tax laws applicable to REITs, subject us to federal tax or reduce or eliminate the current deduction for dividends paid to our shareholders, any of which could negatively affect the market for our shares. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments There are no unresolved comments from the staff of the SEC required to be disclosed herein as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 1C. Cybersecurity The Company's Board of Trustees recognizes the critical importance of maintaining the trust and confidence of the Company's customers, business partners, associates and other stakeholders. The Board, in coordination with the Audit Committee, is actively involved in the oversight of the Company's enterprise risk management ("ERM") program, of which cybersecurity is an important component. The Company's cyber risk management program is fully integrated into the Company's broader ERM program and includes cybersecurity policies, standards, processes and practices that are based on recognized frameworks and other applicable industry standards. In general, the Company seeks to address cybersecurity risks through a comprehensive, company-wide cyber risk program focused on preserving the confidentiality, security and availability of the information that the Company collects and stores by identifying, preventing and mitigating cybersecurity threats and effectively responding to cybersecurity incidents when they occur. The Company's cyber risk management program is led by the Company's Vice President of Information Systems, whose team is responsible for leading company-wide cybersecurity strategy, policy, and processes while reporting directly to the Company's Chief Financial Officer. While the Board has ultimate oversight for the risk management process, the Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Company's policies and procedures for assessing and managing its exposure to risk, including cybersecurity risks. The Company's Vice President of Information Systems provides regular reports to the Audit Committee on any cyber risks and threats to the Company, assessments of the Company's security program and projects in progress to enhance the Company's security systems. The Company's Board of Trustees also receives periodic updates relating to the Company's cybersecurity programs and emerging cybersecurity threats as part of its general oversight duties. Pursuant to the Company's response plan, the Board and the Audit Committee will receive prompt and timely information regarding any material cybersecurity incidents. The Company has a documented response plan to follow in the event a cybersecurity incident occurs. The plan details how to determine the scope and risk of an incident, incident response, escalating and communication procedures and the reporting of incident results and risks to all stakeholders and how to reduce the likelihood of an incident occurring or reoccurring. On an annual basis, the Company conducts a test of the cyber response plan in order to test its pre-planned actions, facilitate discussions regarding the plan’s effectiveness and identify useful strategies and tactics learned from the test. Additionally, the Company’s security program is supported by external third-party experts, including outside cybersecurity professionals at a security operations center and expert legal counsel specializing in information technology and cybersecurity. The Company's cyber risk management program includes processes for identifying and overseeing both internal cybersecurity risks and those presented by third parties, including

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, service providers and other external users 33 of the Company's systems, as well as the systems of third parties that could adversely impact the Company's business in the event of a cybersecurity incident affecting those third-party systems. In addition, the Company conducts frequent security awareness trainings for all associates, utilizes tools to detect, prevent and neutralize malware, viruses, spyware and other cyber threats and leverages a layered set of systems and controls to protect its network, users and data. The Company maintains robust end user and administrative user policies governing the use of Company technology. The Company also maintains cyber liability insurance coverage and performs regular vulnerability and penetration assessments. The Company's Vice President of Information Systems has been with the Company for over 20 years and has overseen the Company's information systems, including its cyber risk management program, for the last seven years. He is a member of the Global Information Assurance Certification Advisory ("GIAC") Board and has received various GIAC certifications in the areas of information security governance and technical controls focused on protecting, detecting and responding to cybersecurity issues. The Company's Chief Financial Officer has over 25 years of experience managing risks at the Company and at similar companies, including risks arising from cybersecurity threats. As of the date of this report, the Company is not aware of any material risks from cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including the Company's business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Item 2. Properties As of December 31, 2025, our real estate portfolio consisted of investments in our Experiential and Education reportable segments. Except as otherwise noted, all of the real estate investments listed below are owned or ground leased directly by us. The following table sets forth our wholly-owned properties (excludes properties under development, land held for developme nt, properties owned by unconsolidated real estate joint ventures an d properties securing our mortgage notes) listed by segment and property type and includes gross square footage (except for certain ski and attraction properties where such number is not meaningful), percentage leased and total rental revenue for the year ended December 31, 2025 (dollars in thousands). At certain properties included below, we are the tenant under third-party ground leases and have assumed responsibility for performing the obligations thereunder. However, pursuant to the facility leases, our tenants are generally responsible for performing substantially all of our obligations under the ground leases. 34 Number of Properties Building Gross Square Footage Percentage Leased Rental Revenue for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 % of Company's Rental Revenue Experiential Theatres (1) 148 10,310,839 99.2 % $ 244,523 40.2 % Eat & Play (2) 55 5,281,017 96.4 % 178,534 29.3 % Attractions (3) 24 1,430,890 100.0 % 72,125 11.9 % Ski 3 330,508 100.0 % 25,321 4.2 % Experiential Lodging 1 276,210 100.0 % 2,743 0.4 % Fitness & Wellness 13 869,693 100.0 % 29,348 4.8 % Gaming (4) 1 — 100.0 % 12,571 2.1 % Cultural 1 457,093 100.0 % 5,982 1.0 % Total Experiential 246 18,956,250 98.6 % $ 571,147 93.9 % Education Early Childhood Education Centers 46 828,047 100.0 % $ 26,879 4.4 % Private Schools 9 292,362 100.0 % 10,579 1.7 % Total Education 55 1,120,409 100.0 % $ 37,458 6.1 % Total 301 20,076,659 98.7 % $ 608,605 100.0 % (1) Includes four properties operated by EPR through third-party managers. Revenue for these properties is included in other income in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. (2) Includes seven theatres located in entertainment districts. (3) Includes one property operated by EPR through a third-party manager. Revenue for this property is included in other income in the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. (4) Represents land owned by us and ground leased to a casino operator. The following table sets forth lease expirations regarding EPR’s wholly-owned portfolio (defined above) as of December 31, 2025 excluding properties we operate through third-party managers and non-theatre tenant leases at entertainment districts (dollars in thousands): Year Number of Properties Square Footage Rental Revenue for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 % of Company's Rental Revenue 2026 1 39,289 $ 1,141 0.2 % 2027 4 314,699 20,675 3.4 % 2028 9 604,771 15,107 2.5 % 2029 14 796,011 21,726 3.6 % 2030 20 1,449,253 34,158 5.6 % 2031 3 279,325 5,126 0.8 % 2032 8 460,708 12,237 2.0 % 2033 7 320,563 10,210 1.7 % 2034 34 2,295,305 68,599 11.3 % 2035 29 2,333,642 72,313 11.9 % 2036 40 2,563,753 76,396 12.5 % 2037 27 1,604,632 61,758 10.1 % 2038 40 2,225,531 65,029 10.7 % 2039 2 120,481 4,987 0.8 % 2040 3 196,781 9,799 1.6 % 2041 30 805,130 18,608 3.1 % 2042 4 466,958 18,640 3.1 % 2043 7 123,497 20,266 3.3 % 2044 1 — 3,071 0.5 % 2045 6 632,488 21,570 3.5 % Thereafter 7 220,370 7,003 1.2 % 296 17,853,187 $ 568,419 93.4 % 35 Our wholly-owned proper ties (defined above) are located i n 38 states and Can ada. The following table sets forth certain information by state or province regarding our owned real estate portfolio as of December 31, 2025 (dollars in thousands): Location Building (gross sq. ft.) Rental Revenue for the Year Ended December 31, 2025 % of Rental Revenue Texas 2,716,738 $ 77,436 12.7 % California 1,665,099 83,162 13.7 % Florida 1,286,099 42,491 7.0 % Ontario, Canada 1,204,639 37,157 6.1 % New York 1,111,921 42,283 6.9 % Pennsylvania 933,779 33,884 5.6 % Illinois 831,355 19,986 3.3 % Colorado 773,077 25,216 4.1 % Ohio 739,759 13,237 2.2 % Tennessee 680,570 18,109 3.0 % North Carolina 631,137 22,170 3.6 % Louisiana 591,272 15,032 2.5 % Kansas 582,159 12,727 2.1 % Virginia 545,159 16,582 2.7 % Michigan 521,631 9,146 1.5 % Georgia 509,159 13,512 2.2 % Missouri 490,330 6,642 1.1 % Arizona 465,755 14,614 2.4 % Quebec, Canada 399,437 10,392 1.7 % South Carolina 349,388 12,032 2.0 % Indiana 345,941 8,386 1.4 % Kentucky 334,733 6,547 1.1 % Alabama 323,972 6,110 1.0 % New Jersey 297,464 9,545 1.6 % Oklahoma 189,968 8,014 1.3 % Minnesota 181,764 6,618 1.1 % Idaho 179,036 3,991 0.7 % Oregon 166,526 3,750 0.6 % Arkansas 165,219 4,169 0.7 % Connecticut 158,069 3,506 0.6 % Mississippi 116,900 4,144 0.7 % Massachusetts 111,166 1,100 0.2 % Maine 107,000 1,131 0.2 % Iowa 93,755 1,524 0.2 % New Mexico 71,297 2,713 0.4 % Maryland 63,306 2,190 0.3 % Nevada 50,426 1,649 0.3 % Washington 47,004 3,216 0.5 % Montana 44,650 1,092 0.2 % Hawaii — 2,640 0.4 % New Hampshire (1) — 556 0.1 % Wisconsin (1) — 120 — % Nebraska (2) — 84 — % 20,076,659 $ 608,605 100.0 % (1) Properties sold during the year ended December 31, 2025. (2) Property sold during the year ended December 31, 2021 and tenant continues to pay deferred rent to EPR. 36 Office Location Our executive office is located in Kansas City, Missouri and is leased from a third-party landlord. The lease has projected 2026 rent of approximately $717 thousand and is scheduled to expire on September 30, 2026. Subsequent to December 31, 2025, we signed a new office lease for our executive office with a term of 10.5 years for approximately 41,525 square feet of office space. The lease is expected to commence January 1, 2027 with an initial annual rent payment of approximately $1.0 million. Tenants and Leases Our existing leases on real estate investments (on a consolidated basis - excluding unconsolidated joint venture properties) provide for aggregate annual minimum rental payments for 2026 of approximately $536.7 million (not including ground lease payments for leases in which our tenants are sub-tenants and are responsible for paying rent under the ground lease, periodic rent escalations that are not fixed, percentage rent or straight-line rent). Our leases have remaining terms ranging fro m one year to 26 years. These leases may be extended for predetermined extension terms at the option of the tenants. Our leases are typically triple-net leases that require the tena nt to pay substantially all expenses associated with the operation of the properties, including taxes, other governmental charges, insurance, utilities, service, maintenance and any ground lease payments. Additionally, we are lesse e in 50 operating ground leases as of December 31, 2025. Our tenants are sub-tenants under these ground leases and are responsible for paying rent under these agreements in all but two instances. Our sub-lessor operating ground leases provide for aggregate annual minimum rental payments for 2026 of approx im ately $27.3 million. Our ground leases have remaining terms ranging from eight months to 17 years, most of which include one or more options to renew. Property Acquisitions and Developments in 2025 Our property acquisi tions and developments in 2025 consisted of spending on experiential properties. The percentage of total investment spending related to build-to-suit projects, including investment spending for mortgage notes on such projects, was approximately 33% in 2025. Many of our build-to-suit opportunities come to us from our existing strong relationships with property operators and developers, and we expect to continue to pursue these opportunities. Item 3. Legal Proceedings We are subject to certain claims and lawsuits in the ordinary course of business, the outcome of which cannot be determined at this time. In the opinion of management, any liability we might incur upon the resolution of these claims and lawsuits will not, in the aggregate, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position or results of operations. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Our common shares are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the trading symbol “EPR.” During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company did not sell any unregistered equity securities. On February 25, 2026, there were app roxim ately 5,172 hol ders of record of our outstanding common shares. 37 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs October 1 through October 31, 2025 common shares 387 (1) $ 57.73 — $ — November 1 through November 30, 2025 common shares — — — — December 1 through December 31, 2025 common shares — — — — Total 387 $ 57.73 — $ — (1) The repurchases of equity securities du ring October 2025 were completed in conjunction with the vesting of employee nonvested shares. These repurchases were not made pursuant to a publicly announced plan or program. Dividends We expect to continue paying dividends to our common and preferred shareholders in future periods. Our Series C preferred shares have a dividend rate of 5.75%, our Series E preferred shares have a dividend rate of 9.00% and our Series G preferred shares have a dividend rate of 5.75%. Among the factors the Company’s Board of Trustees considers in setting the common share dividend rate are the applicable REIT tax rules and regulations that apply to dividends, the Company’s results of operations, including FFO, FFOAA and AFFO per share, and the Company’s Cash Available for Distribution (defined as net cash flow available for distribution after payment of operating expenses, debt service, preferred dividends and other obligations). 38 Share Performance Graph The following graph compares the cumulative return on our common shares during the five-year period ended December 31, 2025, to the cumulative return on the MSCI U.S. REIT Index and the Russell 1000 Index for the same period. The comparisons assume an initial investment of $100 and the reinvestment of all dividends during the comparison period. Performance during the comparison period is not necessarily indicative of future performance. Total Return Analysis 12/31/2020 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 12/31/2023 12/31/2024 12/31/2025 EPR Properties $ 100.00 $ 150.60 $ 128.59 $ 178.52 $ 176.28 $ 212.46 MSCI U.S. REIT Index $ 100.00 $ 143.06 $ 108.00 $ 122.84 $ 133.59 $ 137.53 Russell 1000 Index $ 100.00 $ 126.45 $ 102.27 $ 129.40 $ 161.12 $ 189.10 Source: S&P Global Market Intelligence The performance graph and related text are being furnished to and not filed with the SEC, and will not be deemed "soliciting material" or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Exchange Act or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically incorporate such information by reference into such a filing. Item 6. [Reserved] 39 Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations (MD&A) is intended to promote an understanding of our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and certain other factors that may affect future results. MD&A is provided as a supplement to, and should be read in conjunction with, the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The forward-looking statements included in this discussion and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K involve risks and uncertainties, including anticipated financial performance, business prospects, industry trends, shareholder returns, performance of leases by tenants, performance on loans to customers and other matters, which reflect management’s best judgment based on factors currently known. See “Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements.” Actual results and experience could differ materially from the anticipated results and other expectations expressed in our forward-looking statements as a result of a number of factors, including but not limited to those discussed in this Item and in Item 1A - “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components with the lease components in rental revenue. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the amounts due for non-lease components included in rental revenue tota led $ 19.3 million , $ 18.8 million and $ 19.6 million, respectively. In addition, most of the Company's tenants are subject to additional rents (above base rents) if gross revenues of the properties exceed certain thresholds defined in the lease agreements (percentage rents). Percentage rents are recognized at the time when specific triggering events occur as provided by the lease agreement. Rental revenue included percentage rents of $ 22.1 million , $ 14.5 million and $ 12.2 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Rental revenue included lease termination fees of approximately $ 3.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2023, relating to the early terminations of two leases by two tenants. No lease termination fees were received for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. The Company regularly evaluates the collectability of its receivables on a lease-by-lease basis. The evaluation primarily consists of reviewing past due account balances and considering such factors as the credit quality, projected performance and historical trends of the tenant, as well as the current economic conditions and changes in customer payment terms. When the collectability of lease receivables or future lease payments are no longer probable, the Company records a direct write-off of the outstanding receivable to rental revenue and recognizes future rental revenue on a cash basis. Property Sales The Company recognizes a sale of real estate properties when a contract exists and the purchaser has obtained control of the property. Gains on sales of properties are recognized in full in a partial sale of nonfinancial assets, to the extent control is not retained. Any noncontrolling interest retained by the Company would, accordingly, be measured at fair value. The Company evaluates each sale or disposal transaction to determine if it meets the criteria to qualify as discontinued operations. A discontinued operation is a component of an entity or group of components that have been disposed of or are classified as held for sale and represent a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on the Company's operations and financial results. If the sale or disposal transaction does not meet the criteria, the operations and related gain or loss on sale is included in income from continuing operations. Mortgage Notes and Other Notes Receivable Mortgage notes and other notes receivable, including related accrued interest receivable, consist of loans originated by the Company and the related accrued and unpaid interest income as of the balance sheet date. Mortgage notes and other notes receivable are initially recorded at the amount advanced to the borrower less allowance for credit loss. Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method over the estimated life of the note. Interest income includes both the stated interest and the amortization or accretion of premiums or discounts (if any). 72 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 The Company made an accounting policy election to not measure an allowance for credit losses for accrued interest receivables related to its mortgage notes and notes receivable. Accordingly, if accrued interest receivable is deemed to be uncollectible, the Company will record any necessary write-offs as a reversal of interest inc ome. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company wrote off approximately $ 0.1 million of accrued interest and fees receivable against interest income related to one mortgage note receivable. No such amounts were written-off for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023. As of December 31, 2025, the Company believes that all outstanding accrued interest is collectible. In the event the Company has a past due mortgage note or note receivable that the Company determines is collateral-dependent, the Company measures expected credit losses based on the fair value of the collateral with the credit allowance being the difference between the outstanding principal balance of the notes and the estimated fair value. As of December 31, 2025, the Company does not have any mortgage notes or notes receivable with past due principal balances. See Note 7 for further discussion of mortgage notes and notes receivable for which the Company elected to apply the collateral dependent practical expedient. Mortgage and Other Financing Income Certain of the Company's borrowers are subject to additional interest based on certain thresholds defined in the mortgage agreements (participating interest). Participating interest income is recognized at the time when specific triggering events occur as provided by the mortgage agreement. Participating interest income for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was $ 2.5 million, $ 197 thousand and $ 57 thousand, respectively. Income Taxes The Company has elected to be taxed as a REIT pursuant to Section 856(c) of the Internal Revenue Code. A REIT that distributes at least 90 % of its taxable income to its shareholders each year and meets certain other conditions is not taxed on that portion of its taxable income which is distributed to its shareholders. The Company intends to continue to qualify as a REIT and distribute substantially all of its taxable income to its shareholders. The Company adopted FASB Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures for the year ended December 31, 2025 on a prospective basis. The ASU enhances annual income tax disclosures by requiring entities to disclose specific categories in the rate reconciliation and provide additional information for reconciling items that meet a quantitative threshold. In addition, the ASU requires annual disclosure of income taxes paid disaggregated by jurisdiction. The impact of the ASU is on disclosure only and the related disclosures are included below. The Company is subject to income tax in certain instances in both the U.S. and in certain foreign jurisdictions, as more fully described herein. The Company’s income tax expense includes deferred income tax expense or benefit, which represents the change in net deferred tax assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on the difference between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities as measured by the enacted tax rates that will be in effect when these differences reverse. The Company evaluates the realizability of its deferred income tax assets and assesses the need for a valuation allowance for each jurisdiction for which it is subject to income tax. The realization of the deferred tax assets depends upon all positive and negative evidence to estimate whether sufficient future taxable income will be generated to permit the use of existing deferred tax assets. The Company owns certain real estate assets that are subject to income tax in Canada. At December 31, 2025, the net deferred tax assets related to the Company's Canadian operations totaled $ 13.0 million (consisting of $ 26.6 million of deferred tax assets and $ 13.6 million of deferred tax liabilities) resulting from the temporary differences between income for financial reporting purposes and taxable income relating primarily to depreciation, capital improvements and straight-line rents. At December 31, 2025, it is more likely than not the Company will not generate sufficient taxable income to realize any of the $ 26.6 million of deferred tax assets resulting in a net deferred tax liability of $ 13.6 million. The Company has certain taxable REIT subsidiaries (TRSs), as permitted under the Internal Revenue Code, through which it conducts certain business activities and are subject to federal and state income taxes on their net taxable income. At December 31, 2025, the deferred tax assets related to the Company's TRSs totaled $ 12.1 million, 73 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 resulting from the temporary differences between income for financial reporting purposes and taxable income relate primarily to net operating loss carryovers and pre-opening cost amortization. At December 31, 2025, it is more likely than not that the Company will not generate sufficient taxable income to realize any of these deferred tax assets. The Company’s consolidated deferred tax position is summarized as follows at December 31 (in thousands): 2025 2024 Fixed assets $ 22,604 $ 22,268 Interest expense limitation 3,688 — Net operating losses 15,013 14,208 Start-up costs 1,951 2,144 Other 3,421 2,385 Total deferred tax assets (1) $ 46,677 $ 41,005 Fixed assets $ ( 14,812 ) $ ( 14,546 ) Capital improvements ( 2,715 ) ( 2,562 ) Straight-line receivable ( 1,190 ) ( 904 ) Other ( 2,912 ) ( 2,129 ) Total deferred tax liabilities (2) $ ( 21,629 ) $ ( 20,141 ) Valuation allowance (1) ( 38,671 ) ( 34,936 ) Net deferred tax liability $ ( 13,623 ) $ ( 14,072 ) (1) Included in "Other assets" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. (2) Included in "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. D uring the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized current income and withholding tax expense of $ 3.6 million, $ 3.0 million and $ 2.1 million, respectively, primarily related to certain state income taxes and foreign income and withholding tax. The table below details the current and deferred income tax expense (benefit) for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 2025 2024 2023 Current TRS income tax benefit $ — $ ( 137 ) $ — Current state income tax expense 582 360 240 Current foreign income tax expense 1,792 1,460 513 Current foreign withholding tax expense 1,245 1,290 1,318 Deferred income tax benefit ( 1,123 ) ( 1,540 ) ( 344 ) Income tax expense $ 2,496 $ 1,433 $ 1,727 The Company qualified as a REIT and distributed the necessary amount of taxable income such that no current U.S. federal income taxes were due for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. Accordingly, no provision for current U.S. federal income taxes was recorded for any of those years. If the Company fails to qualify as a REIT in any taxable year, without the benefit of certain provisions, it will be subject to federal and certain state income taxes at regular corporate rates (including any applicable alternative minimum tax for years prior to January 1, 2022) and may not be able to qualify as a REIT for four subsequent taxable years. Even if the Company qualifies for taxation as a REIT, the Company is subject to certain foreign, state and local taxes on its income and property, and federal income and excise taxes on its undistributed taxable income. Tax years 2022 through 2024 remain generally open to examination for U.S. federal income tax and state tax purposes and from 2021 through 2024 for Canadian income tax purposes. The Company's effective tax rate for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 was 1.0 %, 1.2 % and 1.2 %, respectively. The differences between the income tax expense calculated at the statutory U.S. federal income tax rates and the actual income tax expense recorded is mostly attributable to the dividends paid deduction available for 74 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 REITs. The table below details the components of income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2025 (dollars in thousands): Amount % Pretax Income Federal statutory rate ( 21 %) $ 53,190 21.0 % Domestic Federal: REIT GAAP income not taxable (1) ( 54,058 ) ( 21.3 ) % Other (2) 868 0.3 % State and local income taxes 582 0.2 % Foreign tax effects 1,914 0.8 % Total income tax expense $ 2,496 1.0 % (1) The significant negative adjustment represents GAAP income attributable to the Company's status as a REIT. The Company is generally not subject to U.S. federal income tax on REIT income that is distributed to its shareholders as dividends. As the Company has satisfied all applicable REIT requirements, its REIT income is not subject to corporate level tax. (2) Primarily changes in the valuation allowance at the Company's taxable REIT subsidiaries (TRSs). The table below details income taxes paid in cash, net of refunds for the year ended December 31, 2025 (in thousands): Amount U.S. federal $ 65 State: Texas 420 Other jurisdictions 75 Foreign: Canada 2,317 Total $ 2,877 The Company’s policy is to recognize interest and penalties as general and administrative expense. The Company did not recognize any interest and penalties in 2025, 2024 or 2023. The Company did not have any accrued interest and penalties at December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. Additionally, the Company did not have any unrecorded tax benefits as of December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 . Concentrations of Risk Topgolf USA (Topgolf), American-Multi Cinema, Inc. (AMC) and Regal Cinemas (Regal) represented a significant portion of the Company's total revenue for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 . The Company had higher revenue from Regal during the year ended December 31, 2023 due to the payment of higher base rent (pre-bankruptcy) and the repayment of deferred rent due, both of which were recognized as rental revenue when received. The f ollowing is a summary of the Company's total revenue derived from rental or interest payments fro m Topgolf, AMC and Regal (dolla rs in thousands): Year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Total Revenue % of Company's Total Revenue Total Revenue % of Company's Total Revenue Total Revenue % of Company's Total Revenue Topgolf $ 102,343 14.2 % $ 100,810 14.4 % $ 98,022 13.9 % AMC 97,366 13.6 % 94,358 13.5 % 94,687 13.4 % Regal 82,787 11.5 % 76,395 10.9 % 103,716 14.7 % Cash Equivalents Cash equivalents include bank demand deposits and other short-term investments. 75 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Restricted Cash Restricted cash represents cash held for escrow deposits required in connection with property management and debt agreements or held for potential acquisitions and redevelopments. Share-Based Compensation Share-based compensation to associates of the Company is granted pursuant to the Company's Annual Incentive Program and Long-Term Incentive Plan and share-based compensation to non-associate Trustees of the Company is granted pursuant to the Company's Trustee compensation program. Share-based compensation expense consists of amortization of nonvested share grants and performance share units issued to associates along with restricted share units issued to non-associate Trustees. Share-based compensation is included in "General and administrative expense" in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Nonvested Shares Issued to Associates The Company grants nonvested shares to associates pursuant to both the Annual Incentive Program and the Long-Term Incentive Plan. The Company amortizes the expense related to the nonvested shares awarded to associates under the Long-Term Incentive Plan and the premium awarded under the nonvested share alternative of the Annual Incentive Program on a straight-line basis over the future vesting period of three years to four years . Nonvested Performance Share Units Issued to Associates The Company awards performance share units to the Company's executive officers pursuant to the Long-Term Incentive Plan. The performance share units contain both a market condition and a performance condition. The Company amortizes the expense related to the performance share units over the future vesting period of three years . Restricted Share Units Issued to Non-Associate Trustees The Company issues restricted share units to non-associate Trustees for payment of their annual retainers under the Company's Trustee compensation program. The settlement date for the shares is selected by the non-associate Trustee, and ranges from one year from the grant date to upon termination of service. This expense is amortized by the Company on a straight-line basis over the one-year vesting period. Foreign Currency Translation The functional currency of the Company's entities that own properties located in Canada is the Canadian dollar (CAD). The assets and liabilities for these entities are translated into U.S. dollars (USD) using the spot rate at the respective balance sheet date and revenues and expenses are translated using the monthly average exchange rate. Resulting translation adjustments are recorded as a separate component of comprehensive income. The functional currency of the Company's entity that holds a mortgage secured by property located in Canada is the USD. This entity's financial assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the USD are recorded at the exchange rate at the time of the transaction and subsequent gains or losses related to changes in the foreign currency are included in "Other income" or "Other expense," as applicable, in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. Derivative Instruments The Company uses derivative instruments to reduce exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and variable interest rates. The Company records all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. The accounting for changes in the fair value of derivatives depends on the intended use of the derivative, whether the Company has elected to designate a derivative in a hedging relationship and apply hedge accounting and whether the hedging relationship has satisfied the criteria necessary to apply hedge accounting. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to changes in the fair value of an asset, liability, or firm commitment attributable to a particular risk, such as foreign currency risk, are considered fair value hedges. Derivatives designated and qualifying as a hedge of the exposure to variability in expected future cash flows are considered cash flow hedges. Hedge accounting generally provides for 76 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 the matching of the timing of gain or loss recognition on the hedging instrument with the recognition of the changes in the fair value hedge or the earnings effect of the hedged forecasted transactions in a cash flow hedge. The Company may enter into derivative contracts that are intended to economically hedge certain of its risk, even though hedge accounting does not apply or the Company elects not to apply hedge accounting. If hedge accounting is not applied, realized and unrealized gains or losses are reported in earnings. The Company's policy is to measure the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. Impact of Recently Issued Accounting Standards In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 22-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses. The ASU requires entities to provide enhanced disclosures related to certain costs and expenses in the notes to the financial statements. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact this guidance will have on the Company's financial statements and related disclosures. 3. Real Estate Investments The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of real estate investments as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands): 2025 2024 Buildings and improvements $ 4,832,134 $ 4,632,557 Furniture, fixtures & equipment 122,351 118,575 Land 1,226,207 1,218,418 Leasehold interests 28,453 28,453 6,209,145 5,998,003 Accumulated depreciation ( 1,714,886 ) ( 1,562,645 ) Total $ 4,494,259 $ 4,435,358 Depreciation expense on real estate investments was $ 165.4 million , $ 161.9 million an d $ 159.3 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 77 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 4. Investments and Dispositions Acquisitions and Development The Company's investment spending during the year ended December 31, 2025, totaled $ 288.5 million, and included the following: • $ 14.3 million for an acquisition of an attraction property in New Jersey; • $ 1.2 million for the acquisition of land and $ 5.9 million in mortgage financing secured by the improvements on acquired land of a fitness & wellness property in Georgia; • $ 20.0 million for mortgage financing secured by a fitness & wellness property in Winnipeg, Canada; • $ 90.7 million for the acquisition of five golf course properties in Texas; • $ 23.2 million for an acquisition of an attraction property in Virginia; and • spending on experiential build-to-suit development and redevelopment projects. The Company's investment spending during the year ended December 31, 2024 totaled $ 263.9 million, and included the following: • $ 52.0 million for mortgage financing secured by a fitness & wellness property in Colorado; • $ 33.4 million for the acquisition of an attraction property in New York; • $ 19.9 million for the acquisition of land for three build-to-suit eat & play developments in Illinois, Kansas and Oklahoma; and • spending on experiential build-to-suit development and redevelopment projects. Dispositions During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company completed the sale of three vacant theatre properties, two operating theatre properties, four leased theatre properties, one vacant early childhood education center, four land parcels and 10 leased early childhood education centers for net proceeds totaling $ 141.8 million and recognized a net gain on sale totaling $ 36.1 million. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company completed the sale of two leased cultural properties, eight vacant theatre properties, one leased theatre property and two vacant early childhood education centers for net proceeds totaling $ 74.4 million and recognized a net gain on sale totaling $ 16.1 million. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company completed the sale of three vacant theatre properties, two leased theatre properties, one vacant eat & play property, four vacant early childhood education centers and three land parcels for net proceeds totaling $ 57.2 million and recognized a net loss on sale of $ 2.2 million. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company, as lessee, terminated one ground lease that held one theatre property. Dispositions during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 did not meet the criteria for discontinued operations reporting. 5. Impairment Charges The Company reviews its properties for changes in circumstances that indicate that the carrying value of a property may not be recoverable based on an estimate of undiscounted future cash flows. No impairment charges were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2025. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company reassessed the holding period of one vacant theatre property, two theatre properties currently operated through a third-party management agreement and two leased theatre properties. The Company determined that the sum of the undiscounted cash flows did not exceed the carrying value of the theatre properties and estimated the fair value of the real estate investments using independent appraisals and purchase offers. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company reduced the carrying value of the real estate investments, net to $ 45.9 million and recognized an impairment charge of $ 51.8 million on real estate investments, which is the amount that the carrying values of the assets exceeded the estimated fair values. 78 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company also recognized $ 28.2 million of other-than-temporary impairment charges related to its equity investments in two unconsolidated real estate joint ventures that own two experiential lodging properties located in St. Pete Beach, Florida and two unconsolidated real estate joint ventures that own an experiential lodging property in Breaux Bridge, Louisiana. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company reassessed the holding period of 16 theatre properties surrendered by Regal as part of its bankruptcy resolution and not included in the Company's new master lease with Regal, four other theatre properties that were part of a workout with a smaller theatre tenant and two early childhood education center properties subject to lease terminations (one of which was triggered by a casualty event). The Company determined that the estimated cash flows for eight of the Regal surrendered properties, two of the other theatre properties and both of the early childhood education center properties were not sufficient to recover the carrying values and estimated the fair value of the real estate investments of these properties using independent appraisals. During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company reduced the carrying value of the real estate investments, net to $ 39.2 million and recognized impairment charges of $ 67.4 million on real estate investments, which is the amount that the carrying values of the assets exceeded the estimated fair values. 6. Accounts Receivable The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of accounts receivable as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands): 2025 2024 Receivable from tenants $ 7,361 $ 5,160 Receivable from non-tenants (1) 2,939 7,094 Straight-line rent receivable 87,555 72,335 Total $ 97,855 $ 84,589 (1) Receivable from non-tenants at December 31, 2024 includes a $ 5.9 million payment to the City of Kansas City, Missouri (the City) that was made under protest related to an assessment of tax years ending December 31, 2018 through 2022. The payment was made during the year ended December 31, 2024 and included the City's assessment of additional tax, penalties and interest. The City denied the Company’s necessary deduction for dividends paid for each of these years. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company and the City agreed to an alternative methodology for apportionment of taxes and as a result, the Company recognized $ 0.3 million of expense related to these prior periods and received a refund of $ 5.6 million from the City. 79 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 7. Investment in Mortgage Notes and Notes Receivable The Company measures expected credit losses on its mortgage notes and notes receivable on an individual basis because its financial instruments do not have similar risk characteristics. The Company uses a forward-looking commercial real estate loss forecasting tool to estimate its current expected credit losses (CECL) for each of its mortgage notes and notes receivable on a loan-by-loan basis. As of December 31, 2025, the Company did not anticipate any prepayments. Ther efore, the contractual terms of its mortgage notes and notes receivable were used for the calculation of the expected credit losses. The Company updates the model inputs at each reporting period to reflect, if applicable, any newly originated loans, changes to specific loan information on existing loans and current macroeconomic conditions. The CECL allowance is a valuation account that is deducted from the related mortgage note or note receivable. Certain of the Company’s mortgage notes and notes receivable include commitments to fund future incremental amounts to its borrowers. These future funding commitments are also subject to the CECL model. The CECL allowance related to future funding is recorded as a liability and is included in "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Investment in mortgage notes, including related accrued interest receivable, at December 31, 2025 and 2024 consists of the following (in thousands): 80 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Year of Origination Interest Rate Maturity Date Periodic Payment Terms Outstanding principal amount of mortgage at December 31, 2025 Carrying amount as of December 31, Unfunded commitments Description 2025 2024 December 31, 2025 Attraction property Powells Point, North Carolina 2019 7.48 % 6/30/2026 Interest only $ 29,378 $ 28,992 $ 29,173 $ — Eat & play property Eugene, Oregon 2019 10.50 % 12/31/2028 Interest only 10,750 10,417 10,417 — Fitness & wellness property Merriam, Kansas 2019 8.15 % 7/31/2029 Interest only 9,090 9,201 9,238 — Fitness & wellness property Omaha, Nebraska 2017 9.50 % 6/30/2030 Interest only 10,905 10,957 10,996 — Fitness & wellness property Omaha, Nebraska 2016 9.50 % 6/30/2030 Interest only 10,539 10,676 10,659 — Experiential lodging property Nashville, Tennessee 2019 7.69 % 9/30/2031 Interest only 70,000 70,293 71,041 — Ski property Girdwood, Alaska 2019 8.80 % 7/31/2032 Interest only 82,000 80,398 79,742 — Fitness & wellness properties Colorado and California (1) 2022 7.15 % 1/10/2033 Interest only 46,120 46,046 64,275 — Eat & play property Austin, Texas 2012 11.31 % 6/1/2033 Principal & Interest-fully amortizing 8,330 8,330 9,083 — Eat & play property Dallas, Texas 2023 10.25 % 11/26/2033 Interest only 6,449 — 6,163 — Experiential lodging property Breaux Bridge, Louisiana (2) 2022 7.25 % 3/8/2034 Interest only — — 1,000 — Fitness & wellness property Glenwood Springs, Colorado 2024 8.38 % 8/16/2034 Interest only 73,670 72,683 51,892 2,580 Ski property West Dover and Wilmington, Vermont 2007 12.69 % 12/1/2034 Interest only 51,050 51,708 51,049 — Four ski properties Ohio and Pennsylvania 2007 11.75 % 12/1/2034 Interest only 37,562 37,439 37,430 — Ski property Chesterland, Ohio 2012 12.26 % 12/1/2034 Interest only 4,550 4,410 4,394 — Fitness & wellness property Acworth, Georgia 2025 8.65 % 6/1/2035 Interest only 5,923 5,963 — — Ski property Hunter, New York 2016 9.35 % 1/5/2036 Interest only 21,000 21,000 21,000 — Eat & play property Midvale, Utah 2015 10.25 % 5/31/2036 Interest only 17,505 17,505 17,505 — Eat & play property West Chester, Ohio 2015 9.75 % 8/1/2036 Interest only 18,068 18,067 18,068 — Fitness & wellness property Fort Collins, Colorado 2018 8.00 % 1/31/2038 Interest only 10,292 9,891 9,896 — Early childhood education center Lake Mary, Florida (3) 2019 8.35 % 5/9/2039 Interest only — — 4,412 — Early childhood education center Lithia, Florida (3) 2017 9.11 % 10/31/2039 Interest only — — 4,103 — Attraction property Frankenmuth, Michigan 2022 8.25 % 10/14/2042 Interest only 69,139 68,485 67,966 — Fitness & wellness properties Massachusetts and New York 2023 8.45 % 1/10/2044 Interest only 77,000 76,589 76,294 45,500 Fitness & wellness property Manitoba, Canada 2025 7.75 % 9/25/2055 Interest only 20,356 20,204 — — Total $ 689,676 $ 679,254 $ 665,796 $ 48,080 81 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 (1) During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company received $ 18.4 million in net proceeds representing partial prepayment on one mortgage note receivable relating to the sale of one of the five fitness & wellness properties that secures the note. (2) During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company decided to exit its unconsolidated equity investment in an operating RV property located in Breaux Bridge, Louisiana. The Company had previously provided an $ 11.3 million subordinated mortgage note receivable to the unconsolidated real estate joint venture holding the property. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded an allowance for credit loss totaling $ 10.3 million for this mortgage note receivable. On February 4, 2025, the Company received $ 1.0 million in exchange for the sale of its remaining subordinated mortgage note receivable and, accordingly, reduced the allowance for credit loss by the $ 10.3 million of principal that was forgiven. (3) During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company received $ 8.1 million in net proceeds representing prepayment in full on two mortgage note receivables that were secured by two early childhood education center properties in Florida. At December 31, 2025, two of the Company's mortgage notes receivable are considered collateral-dependent and expected credit losses are based on the fair value of the underlying collateral with the credit allowance being the difference between the outstanding principal balance of the notes and the estimated fair value at the reporting date. The Company assessed the fair value of the collateral as of December 31, 2025 on the mortgage notes receivable. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded an allowance for credit loss totaling $ 6.4 million for one of these mortgage notes, which represents the outstanding principal balance of the note as of December 31, 2025. The other collateral-dependent mortgage note receivable has a carrying amount at December 31, 2025 of approximately $ 10.4 million net of an allowance for credit loss totaling $ 0.4 million. I ncome from these borrowers is recognized on a cash basis. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company received cash basis interest payments o f $ 1.2 million a nd $ 1.1 million , respectively, from these mortgage note receivable borrowers. Investment in notes receivable, including related accrued interest receivable, was $ 2.7 million and $ 3.3 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and is included in "Other assets" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. At December 31, 2025, one of the Company's notes receivable is considered collateral-dependent. The Company assessed the fair value of the collateral as of December 31, 2025 on the note receivable. The note receivable is fully reserved with an allowance for credit loss totaling $ 6.0 million, which represents the outstanding principal balance of the note as of December 31, 2025 . At December 31, 2025 , the Company's investment in this note receivable was a variable interest investment and the underlying entity is a VIE. The Company is not the primary beneficiary of this VIE because the Company does not individually have the power to direct the activities that are most significant to the entity and, accordingly, this investment is not consolidated. The Company's maximum exposure to loss associated with this VIE is limited to the Company's outstanding note receivable in the amount of $ 6.0 million, which is fully reserved in the allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2025 . The Company's income received from this borrower is recognized on a cash basis. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 , the Company received cash basis interest payments of $ 0.6 million and $ 0.7 million, respectively, from this borrower. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 , the Company received principal payments totaling $ 0.8 million for each period from this borrower. Additionally, during th e year ended December 31, 2025, the Company wrote-off $ 1.9 million of principal for a note receivable that was fully reserved. 82 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 The following summarizes the activity within the allowance for credit losses related to mortgage notes, unfunded commitments and notes receivable for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands): Mortgage notes receivable Unfunded commitments -  mortgage notes receivable Notes receivable Unfunded commitments -  notes receivable Total Allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2023 $ 3,656 $ 1,072 $ 9,687 $ — $ 14,415 Provision (benefit) for credit losses, net 13,455 ( 332 ) ( 876 ) — 12,247 Charge-offs — — — — — Recoveries — — — — — Allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2024 $ 17,111 $ 740 $ 8,811 $ — $ 26,662 Provision (benefit) for credit losses, net 9,238 71 ( 832 ) — 8,477 Charge-offs ( 10,420 ) — ( 1,916 ) — ( 12,336 ) Recoveries — — — — — Allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2025 $ 15,929 $ 811 $ 6,063 $ — $ 22,803 8. Debt Debt at December 31, 2025 and 2024 consists of the following (in thousands): 2025 2024 Senior unsecured notes payable, 4.50 %, paid in full on April 1, 2025 (1) $ — $ 300,000 Senior unsecured notes payable, 4.56 %, due August 22, 2026 (2) 179,597 179,597 Senior unsecured notes payable, 4.75 %, due December 15, 2026 (3) 450,000 450,000 Senior unsecured notes payable, 4.50 %, due June 1, 2027 (3) 450,000 450,000 Senior unsecured notes payable, 4.95 %, due April 15, 2028 (3) 400,000 400,000 Unsecured revolving variable rate credit facility, SOFR + 1.05 %, due October 2, 2028 (4) — 175,000 Senior unsecured notes payable, 3.75 %, due August 15, 2029 (3) 500,000 500,000 Senior unsecured notes payable, 4.75 %, due November 15, 2030 (3) (5) 550,000 — Senior unsecured notes payable, 3.60 %, due November 15, 2031 (3) 400,000 400,000 Bonds payable, variable rate, fixed at 2.53 % through September 30, 2026, due August 1, 2047 (6) 24,995 24,995 Less: deferred financing costs, net ( 25,181 ) ( 19,134 ) Total $ 2,929,411 $ 2,860,458 (1) Upon maturity, on April 1, 2025, the Company repaid in full $ 300.0 million of senior unsecured notes using borrowings under its $ 1.0 billion senior unsecured revolving credit facility. (2) The amended Note Purchase Agreement, which governs the private placement notes, contains certain financial and other covenants that generally conform to the Company's unsecured revolving credit facility. (3) These notes contain various covenants, including: (i) a limitation on incurrence of any debt that would cause the ratio of the Company’s debt to adjusted total assets to exceed 60 %; (ii) a limitation on incurrence of any secured debt that would cause the ratio of the Company’s secured debt to adjusted total assets to exceed 40 %; (iii) a limitation on incurrence of any debt that would cause the Company’s debt service coverage ratio to be less than 1.5 times; and (iv) the maintenance at all times of the Company's total unencumbered assets such that they are not less than 150 % of the Company’s outstanding unsecured debt. 83 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 (4) At December 31, 2025, the Company had no balance outstanding under its $ 1.0 billion unsecured revolving credit facility. On September 19, 2024, the Company entered into the Fourth Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement (the Amended Credit Agreement) providing for a new amended and restated senior unsecured revolving credit facility. The Amended Credit Agreement amended, restated and replaced the Company's prior senior unsecured revolving credit facility provided under the Third Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement. The amendments to the prior facility, among other things: (i) extended the maturity date of the r evolving credit facility; (ii) generally reduced the interest rate payable on outstanding loans; (iii) eliminated the tangible net worth covenant; (iv) modified the secured debt to total assets financial covenant to permit increased secured debt if the Company so elects; and (v) modified and simplified the capitalization rates used to value assets under the facility. On September 22, 2025, the Company entered into amendment number one to the Amended Credit Agreement to remove the SOFR index adjustment with respect to loans denominated in USD. The Amended Credit Agreement provides for an initial maximum principal amount of $ 1.0 billion, which includes a $ 100.0 million letter-of-credit subfacility and a $ 300.0 million foreign currency revolving credit subfacility. The new credit facility contains an "accordion" feature under which the Company may increase the total maximum principal amount available by $ 1.0 billion, to a total of $ 2.0 billion, subject to lender consent. The new credit facility matures on October 2, 2028. The Company has two options to extend the maturity date of the new credit facility by an additional six months each (for a total of 12 months), subject to applicable fees and the absence of any default. The unsecured revolving credit facility bears interest at a floating rate of SOFR plus 1.05 % (based on our unsecured debt ratings and with a SOFR floor of zero ), which was 4.71 % at December 31, 2025. Additionally, the facility fee on the revolving credit facility is 0.25 %. In connection with entering into the Amended Credit Agreement, the Company incurred $ 9.0 million in fees that were capitalized in deferred financing costs and amortized as part of the effective yield. These fees are included in "Other assets" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 . During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company also recorded a non-cash write-off of deferred financing costs (net of accumulated amortization), totaling $ 0.3 million to "Costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff" in connection with entering into the Amended Credit Agreement. The facility contains financial covenants or restrictions that limit the Company's level of consolidated debt, secured debt, investment levels outside certain categories and dividend distribution and require the Company to meet certain coverage levels for fixed charges and debt service. (5) On November 3, 2025, the Company issued $ 550.0 million in aggregate principal amount of senior notes due November 15, 2030, pursuant to an underwritten public offering. The notes bear interest at an annual rate of 4.75 %. Interest is payable on May 15 and November 15 of each year beginning on May 15, 2026 until the stated maturity date of November 15, 2030. The notes were issued at 98.8 % of their face value and are unsecured. Net proceeds from the note offering were used to pay down the Company's unsecured revolving credit facility. (6) The bonds have a variable interest rate that was approximately 3.95 % at December 31, 2025. See Note 9 for further details on the Company's interest rate swap agreement related to the Company's variable rate secured bonds. Certain of the Company’s debt agreements contain customary restrictive covenants related to financial and operating performance and certain cross-default provisions. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the Company's consolidated debt instruments at December 31, 2025. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company's unconsolidated joint ventures holding its equity investments in two experiential lodging properties located in St. Pete Beach, Florida, were severely damaged by two hurricanes and the Company fully wrote-off its equity investments in these properties. The Company is working in good faith with its joint venture partners, the non-recourse debt provider and the insurance companies to identify a path forward in which the Company expects to result in the eventual removal of the unconsolidated equity investments in these experiential lodging properties and the related non-recourse debt from its portfolio, although there can be no assurances as to the outcome of those discussions. 84 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 The Company has equity investments in two unconsolidated real estate joint ventures that together hold the real estate and operations of an experiential lodging property located in Warrens, Wisconsin. The joint venture that holds the real estate  has a secured non-recourse mortgage loan of $ 23.3 million at December 31, 2025. The maturity date of this mortgage loan is September 15, 2031 and it bears interest at an annual fixed rate of 4.00 % with monthly principal and interest payments required. The Company also has equity investments in two unconsolidated real estate joint ventures that together hold the real estate and operations of an experiential lodging property located in Harrisville, Pennsylvania. The joint venture that holds the real estate has a secured non-recourse senior mortgage loan of $ 22.3 million outstanding at December 31, 2025. The maturity date of this mortgage loan is November 1, 2029 and it bears interest at an annual fixed rate of 6.38 % with monthly interest payments required. The Company has guaranteed $ 10.0 million in principal on the secured mortgage loan, and, upon completion of construction and achieving a specified debt service coverage ratio, the principal guarantee will be reduced to $ 5.0 million. The guarantee will be removed completely upon achievement of specified debt service coverage for three consecutive calculation periods. Principal payments due on long-term debt obligations subsequent to December 31, 2025 (without consideration of any extensions) are as follows (in thousands): Amount Year: 2026 $ 629,597 2027 450,000 2028 400,000 2029 500,000 2030 550,000 Thereafter 424,995 Less: deferred financing costs, net ( 25,181 ) Total $ 2,929,411 The Company capitalizes a portion of interest costs as a component of property under development. The following is a summary of interest expense, net, for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 2025 2024 2023 Interest on loans $ 126,852 $ 125,261 $ 122,968 Amortization of deferred financing costs 8,808 8,844 8,637 Credit facility and letter of credit fees 2,641 2,664 2,676 Interest cost capitalized ( 3,864 ) ( 3,468 ) ( 3,566 ) Interest income ( 1,358 ) ( 2,491 ) ( 5,857 ) Interest expense, net $ 133,079 $ 130,810 $ 124,858 9. Derivative Instruments All derivatives are recognized at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets within the line items "Other assets" and "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" as applicable. The Company has elected not to offset its derivative position for purposes of balance sheet presentation and disclosure. The Company had derivative assets of $ 0.3 million and $ 2.2 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company had derivative liabilities of $ 6.9 million and $ 0.03 million at December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The Company has neither posted nor received collateral with its derivative counterparties as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. See Note 10 for disclosures relating to the fair value of the derivative instruments. 85 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Risk Management Objective of Using Derivatives The Company is exposed to certain risks arising from both its business operations and economic conditions, including the effect of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on foreign currency transactions and interest rates on its SOFR based borrowings. The Company manages this risk by following established risk management policies and procedures including the use of derivatives. The Company’s objective in using derivatives is to add stability to reported earnings and to manage its exposure to foreign exchange and interest rate movements or other identified risks. To accomplish this objective, the Company primarily uses interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps and foreign currency forwards. Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk The Company uses interest rate swaps as its interest rate risk management strategy for certain variable rate debt. Interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges involve the receipt or payment of variable-rate amounts from a counterparty, which results in the Company recording net interest expense that is fixed over the life of the agreements without exchange of the underlying notional amount. At December 31, 2025, the Company had one interest rate swap agreement designated as a cash flow hedge of interest rate risk. The interest rate swap agreement outstanding as of December 31, 2025 is summarized below: Fixed rate Notional Amount (in millions) Index Maturity 2.5325 % $ 25.0 USD SOFR September 30, 2026 The change in the fair value of interest rate derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI) and is subsequently reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings within the same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged transaction. Amounts reported in AOCI related to derivatives will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company’s variable-rate debt. As of December 31, 2025, the Company estimates that during the year ended December 31, 20 26, $ 74 thousand of losses will be reclassified from AOCI to interest expense. Cash Flow Hedges of Foreign Exchange Risk The Company is exposed to foreign currency exchange risk against its functional currency, USD, on CAD denominated cash flow from its six Canadian properties. The Company uses cross-currency swaps to mitigate its exposure to fluctuations in the USD-CAD exchange rate on cash inflows associated with these properties, which should hedge a significant portion of the Company's expected CAD denominated cash flows. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had the following cross-currency swaps: Fixed rate Notional Amount (in millions, CAD) Annual Cash Flow (in millions, CAD) Maturity $ 1.35 CAD per USD $ 170.0 $ 15.3 December 1, 2026 $ 1.35 CAD per USD 90.0 8.1 December 1, 2026 $ 260.0 $ 23.4 The change in the fair value of foreign currency derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of foreign exchange risk is recorded in AOCI and reclassified into earnings in the period that the hedged forecasted transaction affects earnings within the same income statement line item as the earnings effect of the hedged transaction. As of December 31, 2025, the Company estimates that during the year ended December 31 , 2026, $ 101 thousand of gains will be reclassified from AOCI to other income. Fair Value Hedges of Foreign Exchange Risk During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company entered into a CAD denominated mortgage note receivable secured by a fitness & wellness property in Winnipeg, Canada. The Company uses cross-currency swaps designated as a fair value hedge to mitigate foreign currency risk associated with fluctuations in the USD-CAD spot rate associated with the principal remeasurement of this mortgage note. The Company entered into a cross-currency 86 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 swap with an interim and final notional exchange of $ 27.9 million CAD and $ 20.0 million USD at a spot rate of $ 1.392 CAD per USD to fund the principal amount of the mortgage note receivable and monthly exchanges as noted below. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had the following cross-currency swap designated as a fair value hedge: Interim settlement exchange rate Notional Amount (in millions, CAD) Annual Cash Flow (in millions, CAD) Maturity 1.25 CAD per USD $ 27.9 $ 2.2 October 1, 2030 The change in fair value of the foreign currency derivative designated and qualifying as a fair value hedge of foreign exchange risk is recorded at fair value each period on the Company's consolidated balance sheets, with the difference resulting from the changes in the spot rate recognized in foreign currency gain (loss). The foreign currency gain (loss) is included in "Other income" or "Other expense," as applicable, on the Company's consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income, which will offset the earnings impact of the foreign currency changes in the underlying transaction being hedged. The initial value of the component excluded from the assessment of effectiveness is recorded in AOCI and reclassified into earnings over the life of the hedging instrument. As of December 31, 2025 , the Company estimates t hat during the year ended December 31, 2026, $ 143 thousand of gains will be reclassified from AOCI to other income. Net Investment Hedges The Company is exposed to fluctuations in the USD-CAD exchange rate on its net investments in Canada. As such, the Company uses currency forward agreements to manage its exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates on certain of its foreign net investments. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had the following foreign currency forwards designated as net investment hedges: Fixed rate Notional Amount (in millions, CAD) Maturity $ 1.40 CAD per USD $ 200.0 December 1, 2026 $ 1.40 CAD per USD 90.0 December 1, 2026 Total $ 290.0 On December 19, 2024, the Company terminated its CAD to USD forward contracts in conjunction with entering into the new forward agreements described above. The Company received $ 10.4 million in connection with the settlement of the CAD to USD forward contracts, which continues to be reported in AOCI until the net investment is sold or liquidated. For qualifying foreign currency derivatives designated as net investment hedges, the change in the fair value of the derivatives is reported in AOCI as part of the cumulative translation adjustment. Amounts are reclassified out of AOCI into earnings when the hedged net investment is either sold or substantially liquidated. Gains and losses on the derivative representing hedge components excluded from the assessment of effectiveness are recognized over the life of the hedge on a systematic and rational basis, as documented at hedge inception in accordance with the Company's accounting policy election. 87 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Below is a summary of the effect of derivative instruments on the consolidated statements of changes in equity and income for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023: Effect of Derivative Instruments on the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Year Ended December 31, Description 2025 2024 2023 Cash Flow Hedges Interest Rate Swaps Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in AOCI on Derivative $ ( 19 ) $ 305 $ ( 91 ) Amount of Income Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings (1) 105 697 648 Cross Currency Swaps Amount of (Loss) Gain Recognized in AOCI on Derivative ( 814 ) 2,099 ( 260 ) Amount of Income Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings (2) 558 1,008 880 Fair Value Hedges Cross Currency Swaps Amount of Gain Recognized in AOCI on Derivative (3) 110 — — Amount of Gain Recognized in Earnings (2)(3) 48 — — Net Investment Hedges Currency Forward Agreements Amount of (Loss) Gain Recognized in AOCI on Derivative ( 6,651 ) 15,285 ( 3,573 ) Total Amount of (Loss) Gain Recognized in AOCI on Derivative $ ( 7,374 ) $ 17,689 $ ( 3,924 ) Amount of Income Reclassified from AOCI into Earnings 663 1,705 1,528 Amount of Gain Recognized in Earnings 48 — — Interest expense, net in accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income $ 133,079 $ 130,810 $ 124,858 Other income in accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income $ 45,592 $ 57,071 $ 45,947 (1) Included in “Interest expense, net” in accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. (2) Included in "Other income" in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. (3) Amounts excluded from the effectiveness testing. Credit-risk-related Contingent Features The Company has an agreement with its interest rate derivative counterparty that contains a provision where if the Company defaults on any of its obligations for borrowed money or credit in an amount exceeding $ 50.0 million and such default is not waived or cured within a specified period of time, including default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender, then the Company could also be declared in default on its interest rate derivative obligations. As of December 31, 2025, the fair value of the Company's derivatives in a liability position related to these agreements was $ 6.9 million . If the Company breached any of the contractual provisions of these derivative contracts, it would be required to settle its obligations under the agreements at their termination value, which after considering the right of offset, was $ 6.9 million at December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had not posted any collateral related to these agreements and was not in breach of any provisions in these agreements. 88 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 10. Fair Value Disclosures The Company has certain financial instruments that are required to be measured under the FASB’s Fair Value Measurement guidance. The Company currently does not have any non-financial assets and non-financial liabilities that are required to be measured at fair value on a recurring basis. As a basis for considering market participant assumptions in fair value measurements, the FASB’s Fair Value Measurement guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that distinguishes between market participant assumptions based on market data obtained from sources independent of the reporting entity (observable inputs that are classified within Levels 1 and 2 of the hierarchy) and the reporting entity’s own assumptions about market participant assumptions (unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy). Level 1 inputs use quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the Company has the ability to access. Level 2 inputs are inputs other than quoted prices included in Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability, which are typically based on an entity’s own assumptions, as there is little to no related market activity. In instances where the determination of the fair value measurement is based on inputs from different levels of the fair value hierarchy, the level in the fair value hierarchy within which the entire fair value measurement falls is based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement in its entirety. The Company’s assessment of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement in its entirety requires judgment, and considers factors specific to the asset or liability. Derivative Financial Instruments The Company uses interest rate swaps, foreign currency forwards and cross currency swaps to manage its interest rate and foreign currency risk. The valuation of these instruments is determined using widely accepted valuation techniques including discounted cash flow analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable market-based inputs, including interest rate curves, foreign exchange rates, and implied volatilities. The fair value of interest rate swaps is determined using the market standard methodology of netting the discounted future fixed cash receipts and the discounted expected variable cash payments. The variable cash payments are based on an expectation of future interest rates (forward curves) derived from observable market interest rate curves. The Company incorporates credit valuation adjustments to appropriately reflect both its own nonperformance risk and the respective counterparty’s nonperformance risk in the fair value measurements. In adjusting the fair value of its derivative contracts for the effect of nonperformance risk, the Company has considered the impact of netting and any applicable credit enhancements, such as collateral postings, thresholds, mutual puts, and guarantees. In conjunction with the FASB's fair value measurement guidance, the Company made an accounting policy election to measure the credit risk of its derivative financial instruments that are subject to master netting agreements on a net basis by counterparty portfolio. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivatives also use Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. As of December 31, 2025, the Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivatives and therefore, has classified its derivatives as Level 2 within the fair value reporting hierarchy. 89 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 The table below presents the Company’s financial assets an d liabilities me asured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, aggregated by the level in the fair value hierarchy within which those measurements are classified and by derivative type. Assets an d Liabilities Me asured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis at December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Description Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level I) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Balance at end of period 2025: Cross Currency Swaps (1) $ — $ 101 $ — $ 101 Cross Currency Swaps (2) — ( 252 ) — ( 252 ) Currency Forward Agreements (2) — ( 6,677 ) — ( 6,677 ) Interest Rate Swap Agreements (1) — 194 — 194 2024: Cross Currency Swaps (1) $ — $ 1,475 $ — $ 1,475 Currency Forward Agreements (2) — ( 26 ) — ( 26 ) Interest Rate Swap Agreements (1) — 677 — 677 (1) Included in "Other assets" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. (2) Included in "Accounts payable and accrued liabilities" in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Non-recurring fair value measurements The table below presents the Company's assets measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, aggregated by the level in the fair value hierarchy within which those measurements fall. Assets Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis at December 31, 2025 and 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Description Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level I) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Balance at end of period 2025: Mortgage notes and related accrued interest receivable (1) $ — $ — $ — $ — 2024: Real estate investments, net (2) $ — $ 39,440 $ 6,500 $ 45,940 Mortgage notes and related accrued interest receivable (3) — — 1,000 1,000 Investment in joint ventures (4) — — — — (1) As further discussed in Note 7, during the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded an allowance for credit loss totaling $ 6.4 million related to one mortgage note receivable to fully reserve the outstanding principal balance as a result of changes in the borrower's financial status. Management valued the mortgage note receivable based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, which was determined taking into account various factors including implied asset value changes based on current market conditions and review of the financial statements of the borrower and was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. (2) As further discussed in Note 5 , during the year ended December 31, 2024 , the Company recorded impairment charges of $ 51.8 million related to real estate investments, net, on five theatre properties. Management estimated the fair value of these investments taking into account various factors, including purchase offers, independent appraisals, shortened hold periods and market conditions. The Company determined, based on the inputs, that its valuation of four of these properties with purchase offers were classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy and were measured at fair value. One property was measured at fair value using an independent appraisal, which used a 90 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 discounted cash flow model. The significant inputs and assumptions used in the real estate appraisal included land valued at approximately $ 475 thousand per acre less demolition costs of approximately $ 13.91 per square foot of building. These measurements were classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy because many of the assumptions were not observable. (3) As further discussed in Note 7, during the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded an allowance for credit loss totaling $ 10.3 million related to one mortgage note receivable to reserve the outstanding principal balance as a result of changes in the borrower's financial status. Management valued the mortgage note receivable based on the fair value of the underlying collateral, which was determined taking into account various factors including implied asset value changes based on current market conditions and review of the financial statements of the borrower and was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. (4) During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded impairment charges of $ 28.2 million related to its investment in two unconsolidated real estate joint ventures that own two experiential lodging properties located in St. Pete Beach, Florida and two unconsolidated real estate joint ventures that own an experiential lodging property located in Breaux Bridge, Louisiana. Management estimated the fair value of these investments, taking into account various factors including implied asset value changes based on discounted cash flow projections and current market conditions. The Company determined, based on the inputs, that its valuation of investment in joint ventures was classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy as many of the assumptions were not observable. Fair Value of Financial Instruments The following methods and assumptions were used by the Company to estimate the fair value of each class of financial instruments at December 31, 2025 and 2024: Mortgage notes receivable and related accrued interest receivable: The fair value of the Company’s mortgage notes and related accrued interest receivable is estimated by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument using current market rates. At December 31, 2025, the Company had a carryin g valu e of $ 679.3 million in fixed rate mortgage notes receivable outstanding, including related accrued interest, with a weighted average interest rate of approximately 8.97 %. The fixed rate mort gage notes bear interest a t rates of 7.15 % to 12.69 %. Discounting the future cash flows for fixed rate mortgage notes receivable using estimated market rates of 7.00 % to 10.50 %, management estimates the fair value of the fixed rate mortgage notes receivable to be $ 728.0 million with an estimated weighted average market rate of 7.91 % at December 31, 2025. At December 31, 2024, the Company had a carrying value of $ 665.8 million in fixed rate mortgage notes receivable outstanding, including related accrued interest, with a weighted average interest rate of approximately 8.88 %. The fixed rate mortgage notes bear interest at rates of 7.15 % to 12.50 %. Discounting the future cash flows for fixed rate mortgage notes receivable using estimated market rates of 7.45 % to 10.00 %, management estimates the fair value of the fixed rate mortgage notes receivable to be $ 701.7 million with an estimated weighted average market rate of 8.08 % at December 31, 2024. Derivative instruments: Derivative instruments are carried at their fair value. Debt instruments: The fair value of the Company's debt is estimated by discounting the future cash flows of each instrument using current market rates. At December 31, 2025, the Company had a carrying valu e of $ 25.0 million in variable rate debt outstanding with an interest rate of approximately 3.95 %. The carryi ng value of the va riable rate debt outstanding approximates the fair value at December 31, 2025. At December 31, 2024, the Company had a carrying value of $ 200.0 million in variable rate debt outstanding with an interest rate of approximately 5.34 %. Th e carrying value of the variable rate debt outstanding approximates the fair value at December 31, 2024. 91 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 At both December 31, 2025 and 2024, the $ 25.0 million of variable rate debt outstanding, discussed above, had been effectively converted to a fixed rate by an interest rate swap agreement. See Note 9 for additional information related to the Company's interest rate swap agreement. At December 31, 2025, the Company had a carrying value of $ 2.93 billion in fixed rate long-term debt outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of approximately 4.40 %. Discounting the future cash flows for fixed rate debt using December 31, 2025 market rates of 3.54 % to 5.12 %, management estimates the fair value of the fixed rate debt to be approximately $ 2.85 billion with an estimated weighted average market rate of 4.61 % at December 31, 2025. At December 31, 2024, the Company had a carrying value of $ 2.68 billion in fixed rate long-term debt outstanding with a weighted average interest rate of approximately 4.34 %. Discounting the future cash flows for fixed rate debt using December 31, 2024 market rates of 5.22 % to 5.83 %, management estimates the fair value of the fixed rate debt to be approximately $ 2.57 billion with an estimated weighted average market rate of 5.53 % at December 31, 2024. 11. Common and Preferred Shares On June 3, 2025, the Company filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC, which is effective for a term of three years. The securities covered by this registration statement include common shares, preferred shares, debt securities, depositary shares, warrants and units. The Company may periodically offer one or more of these securities in amounts, prices and on terms to be announced when and if these securities are offered. The specifics of any future offerings along with the use of proceeds of any securities offered, will be described in detail in a prospectus supplement, or other offering materials, at the time of any offering. Additionally, on June 3, 2025, the Company filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC, which is effective for a term of three years, for its Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Share Purchase Plan (DSP Plan), which permits the issuance of up to 25,000,000 common shares. On December 5, 2025, in connection with the commencement of an “at-the-market” offering program (ATM Program), the Company entered into an equity distribution agreement with certain institutional investment banks pursuant to which the Company may issue common shares having an aggregate sales price of up to $ 400.0 million on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions deemed to be “at-the-market” offerings under SEC rules, with the banks acting as (i) sales agents (or principals when purchasing shares directly for their own account) or (ii) forward sellers on behalf of any forward purchasers pursuant to a forward sale agreement. If the Company issues any shares under the ATM Program or enters into a forward sale agreement, the applicable sales agent or forward seller may receive commissions of up to 2.0 % of the gross sales price of the shares sold. The use of forward sales agreements allows the Company to lock in a share price on the sale of shares at the time the forward sale agreement becomes effective, but defer receiving the proceeds from the sale of shares until a later date. If the Company enters into a forward sale agreement, it expects to physically settle each forward sale agreement with the forward purchaser on one or more dates specified by the Company prior to the maturity date of that particular forward sale agreement, in which case the aggregate net cash proceeds at settlement will equal the number of shares underlying the particular forward sale agreement multiplied by the relevant forward sale price. However, the Company may also elect to cash settle or net share settle a particular forward sale agreement, in which case cash proceeds may or may not be received or cash may be owed to the forward purchaser. Until settlement of the forward sale agreements, earnings per share dilution resulting from the forward sale agreements will be determined under the treasury stock method. Share dilution occurs when the average market price of the Company's common shares is higher than the average forward sales price. As of December 31, 2025, the Company had not issued any common shares or entered into any forward sale agreement, and $ 400.0 million remained available for sale under the ATM Program. Future sales will depend upon a variety of factors including, but not limited to, market conditions, the trading price of the Company’s common 92 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 shares and the Company’s capital needs. The Company has no obligation to sell any shares available for sale under the ATM Program. Common Shares The Company's Board declared cash dividends totaling $ 3.52 and $ 3.40 per common share for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Of the total distributions calculated for tax purposes, the amounts characterized as ordinary income, return of capital and long-term capital gain for cash distributions paid per common share for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows: Cash Distributions Per Share 2025 2024 Taxable ordinary income (1) $ 2.8070 $ 2.5101 Return of capital 0.7030 0.8799 Long-term capital gain — — Totals $ 3.5100 $ 3.3900 (1) Amounts qualify in their entirety as 199A distributions. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of 25,758 and 26,878 common shares under its DSP Plan for net proceeds of $ 1.3 million and $ 1.2 million, respectively. Series C Convertible Preferred Shares The Company has 5.4 million outstanding 5.75 % Series C cumulative convertible preferred shares (Series C preferred shares). The Company will pay cumulative dividends on the Series C preferred shares from the date of original issuance in the amount of $ 1.4375 per share each year, which is equivalent to 5.75 % of the $ 25 liquidation preference per share. Dividends on the Series C preferred shares are payable quarterly in arrears. The Company does not have the right to redeem the Series C preferred shares except in limited circumstances to preserve the Company’s REIT status. The Series C preferred shares have no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption. As of December 31, 2025, the Series C preferred shares are convertible, at the holder’s option, into the Company’s common shares at a conversion rat e of 0.4378 common shares per Series C preferred share, which is equivalent to a conversion price of $ 57.10 per common share. This conversion ratio may increase over time upon certain specified triggering events including if the Com pany’s common dividends per share exceed a quarterly threshold of $ 0.6875 . Upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes, the Company will under certain circumstances increase the conversion rate by a number of additional common shares or, in lieu thereof, may in certain circumstances elect to adjust the conversion rate upon the Series C preferred shares becoming convertible into shares of the public acquiring or surviving company. The Company may, at its option, cause the Series C preferred shares to be automatically converted into that number of common shares that are issuable at the then prevailing conversion rate. The Company may exercise its conversion right only if, at certain times, the closing price of the Company’s common shares equals or exceeds 135 % of the then prevailing conversion price of the Series C preferred shares. Owners of the Series C preferred shares generally have no voting rights, except under certain dividend defaults. Upon conversion, the Company may choose to deliver the conversion value to the owners in cash, common shares, or a combination of cash and common shares. The Company's Board declared cash dividends totaling $ 1.4375 per Series C preferred share for each of the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 . There were non-cash distributions associated with conversion adjustments of $ 0.3459 a nd $ 0.2769 per Series C preferred share for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The conversion adjustment provision entitles the shareholders of the Series C preferred shares, upon certain quarterly common share dividend thresholds being met, to receive additional common shares of the Company upon 93 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 a conversion of the preferred shares into common shares. The increase in common shares to be received upon a conversion is a deemed distribution for federal income tax purposes. For tax purposes, the amounts characterized as ordinary income, return of capital and long-term capital gain for cash distributions paid and non-cash deemed distributions per Series C preferred share for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows: Cash Distributions per Share 2025 2024 Taxable ordinary income (1) $ 1.4375 $ 1.4375 Return of capital — — Long-term capital gain — — Totals $ 1.4375 $ 1.4375 (1) Amounts qualify in their entirety as 199A distributions. Non-cash Distributions per Share 2025 2024 Taxable ordinary income (2) $ 0.0264 $ — Return of capital 0.3195 0.2769 Long-term capital gain — — Totals $ 0.3459 $ 0.2769 (2) For the year ended December 31, 2025, amounts qualify in their entirety as 199A distributions. For the year ended December 31, 2024 , no amounts qualify as 199A distributions. Series E Convertible Preferred Shares The Company has 3.4 million outstanding 9.00 % Series E cumulative convertible preferred shares (Series E preferred shares). The Company will pay cumulative dividends on the Series E preferred shares from the date of original issuance in the amount of $ 2.25 per share each year, which is equivalent to 9.00 % of the $ 25 liquidation preference per share. Dividends on the Series E preferred shares are payable quarterly in arrears. The Company does not have the right to redeem the Series E preferred shares except in limited circumstances to preserve the Company’s REIT status. The Series E preferred shares have no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption. As of December 31, 2025, the Series E preferred shares are convertible, at the holder’s option, into the Company’s common shares at a conversion rate o f 0.4845 common shares per Series E preferred share, which is equivalent to a conversion price of $ 51.60 per com mon share. This conversion ratio may increase over time upon certain specified triggering events including if the Company’s common dividends per share exceeds a quarterly threshold of $ 0.84 . Upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes, the Company will under certain circumstances increase the conversion rate by a number of additional common shares or, in lieu thereof, may in certain circumstances elect to adjust the conversion rate upon the Series E preferred shares becoming convertible into shares of the public acquiring or surviving company. The Company may, at its option, cause the Series E preferred shares to be automatically converted into that number of common shares that are issuable at the then prevailing conversion rate. The Company may exercise its conversion right only if, at certain times, the closing price of the Company’s common shares equals or exceeds 150 % of the then prevailing conversion price of the Series E preferred shares. Owners of the Series E preferred shares generally have no voting rights, except under certain dividend defaults. Upon conversion, the Company may choose to deliver the conversion value to the owners in cash, common shares, or a combination of cash and common shares. The Company's Board declared cash dividends totaling $ 2.25 per Series E preferred share for each of the years e nded December 31, 2025 and 2024 . There were no non-cash distributions associated with conversion adjustments per Series E preferred share for both years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 . The conversion adjustment 94 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 provision entitles the shareholders of the Series E preferred shares, upon certain quarterly common share dividend thresholds being met, to receive additional common shares of the Company upon a conversion of the preferred shares into common shares. The increase in common shares to be received upon a conversion is a deemed distribution for federal income tax purposes. For tax purposes, the amounts characterized as ordinary income, return of capital and long-term capital gain for cash distributions paid per Series E preferred share for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows: Cash Distributions per Share 2025 2024 Taxable ordinary income (1) $ 2.2500 $ 2.2500 Return of capital — — Long-term capital gain — — Totals $ 2.2500 $ 2.2500 (1) Amounts qualify in their entirety as 199A distributions. Series G Preferred Shares The Company has 6.0 million outstanding 5.75 % Series G cumulative redeemable preferred shares (Series G preferred shares). The Company will pay cumulative dividends on the Series G preferred shares from the date of original issuance in the amount of $ 1.4375 per share each year, which is equivalent to 5.75 % of the $ 25.00 liquidation preference per share. Dividends on the Series G preferred shares are payable quarterly in arrears. The Company may, at its option, redeem the Series G preferred shares in whole at any time or in part from time to time by paying $ 25.00 per share, plus any accrued and unpaid dividends up to, but not including the date of redemption. The Series G preferred shares have no stated maturity and will not be subject to any sinking fund or mandatory redemption. The Series G preferred shares are not convertible into any of the Company's securities, except under certain circumstances in connection with a change of control. Owners of the Series G preferred shares generally have no voting rights except under certain dividend defaults. The Company's Board declared cash dividends totaling $ 1.4375 per Series G preferred share for each of the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. For tax purposes, the amounts characterized as ordinary income, return of capital and long-term capital gain for cash distributions paid per Series G preferred share for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are as follows: Cash Distributions per Share 2025 2024 Taxable ordinary income (1) $ 1.4375 $ 1.4375 Return of capital — — Long-term capital gain — — Totals $ 1.4375 $ 1.4375 (1) Amounts qualify in their entirety as 199A distributions. 95 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 12. Earnings Per Share The following table summarizes the Company’s computations of basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS) for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 (amounts in thousands except per share information): Year Ended December 31, 2025 Income (numerator) Shares (denominator) Per Share Amount Basic EPS: Net income $ 274,936 Less: preferred dividend requirements ( 24,144 ) Net income available to common shareholders $ 250,792 76,040 $ 3.30 Diluted EPS: Net income available to common shareholders $ 250,792 76,040 Effect of dilutive securities: Share options and performance share units — 455 Net income available to common shareholders $ 250,792 76,495 $ 3.28 Year Ended December 31, 2024 Income (numerator) Shares (denominator) Per Share Amount Basic EPS: Net income $ 146,066 Less: preferred dividend requirements ( 24,144 ) Net income available to common shareholders $ 121,922 75,636 $ 1.61 Diluted EPS: Net income available to common shareholders $ 121,922 75,636 Effect of dilutive securities: Share options and performance share units — 363 Net income available to common shareholders $ 121,922 75,999 $ 1.60 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Income (numerator) Shares (denominator) Per Share Amount Basic EPS: Net income $ 173,046 Less: preferred dividend requirements ( 24,145 ) Net income available to common shareholders $ 148,901 75,260 $ 1.98 Diluted EPS: Net income available to common shareholders $ 148,901 75,260 Effect of dilutive securities: Share options and performance share units — 455 Net income available to common shareholders $ 148,901 75,715 $ 1.97 The effect of the potential common shares from the conversion of the Company’s convertible preferred shares and from the exercise of share options are included in diluted earnings per share if the effect is dilutive. Potential common shares from the performance share units are included in diluted earnings per share upon the satisfaction of certain performance and market conditions. These conditions are evaluated at each reporting period and if the conditions have been satisfied during the reporting period, the number of contingently issuable shares are included in the computation of diluted earnings per share. The following shares have been excluded from the calculation of diluted earnings per share because they are anti-dilutive, or in the case of contingently issuable performance share units, are not probable of issuance: • The addition al 2.3 million common sh ares that would result from the conversion of the Company’s 5.75 % Series C cumulative convertible preferred shares and the corresponding add-back of the preferred dividends declared on those shares for each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. 96 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 • The additio nal 1.7 million com mon shares that would result from the conversion of the Company’s 9.0 % Series E cumulative convertible preferred shares and the corresponding add-back of the preferred dividends declared on those shares for each of the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. • Outstanding options to purchase 11 thousand common shares at per share prices ranging from $ 56.94 to $ 76.63 for the year ended December 31, 2025. • Outstanding options to purchase 57 thousand and 81 thousand common shares at per share prices ranging from $ 44.44 to $ 76.63 for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. • The effect of 116 thousand contingently issuable performance share units granted during 2024 for the year ended December 31, 2024. 13. Retirement of Executives During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company's Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer, Greg Zimmerman, notified the Company of his intention to retire from his position in the first quarter of 2026. On February 23, 2026, he notified the Company that his retirement will be effective March 2, 2026. The role of Executive Vice President and Chief Investment Officer will be assumed by Ben Fox, who joined the Company in August of 2025. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded retirement and severance expense related to Mr. Zimmerman's expected retirement totaling $ 3.0 million, which included cash payments totaling $ 0.8 million and accelerated vesting of nonvested shares totaling $ 2.2 million. On March 1, 2024, the Company's Executive Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary, Craig Evans, retired from the Company. Details of Mr. Evans' retirement are included in the previously disclosed Retirement and Release Agreement entered into between the Company and Mr. Evans. The role of General Counsel and Secretary was assumed by Paul Turvey upon Mr. Evans' retirement. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded retirement and severance expense related to Mr. Evans' retirement, as well as the departure of another employee, totaling $ 1.8 million, which included cash payments totaling $ 0.2 million and accelerated vesting of nonvested shares totaling $ 1.6 million. 14. Equity Incentive Plans The Company issues equity awards under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, which may be in the form of restricted common shares, restricted share units, performance share units or other share-based awards. On May 6, 2025, the Company amended the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan by shareholder vote to increase the maximum number of authorized shares issuable under the plan from 3,950,000 to 5,950,000 shares. Additionally, the 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan (2020 LTIP) is a sub-plan under the Company's 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. Under the 2020 LTIP, the Company awards performance share units and restricted shares to the Company's executive officers. At December 31, 2025, ther e were 2,295,262 shares avail able for grant under the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan. Nonvested Shares A summary of the Company’s nonvested share activity and related information is as follows: Number of shares Weighted avg. grant date fair value Weighted avg. life remaining Outstanding at December 31, 2024 614,614 $ 42.79 Granted 301,096 50.38 Vested ( 266,832 ) 43.43 Outstanding at December 31, 2025 648,878 $ 46.05 0.77 97 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 The holders of nonvested shares have voting rights and receive dividends from the date of grant. The fair value of the nonvested shares that veste d was $ 11.8 million , $ 13.7 million, an d $ 8.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Expense recognized related to nonvested shares and included in "General and administrative expense" in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was $ 7.8 million, $ 6.9 million and $ 7.6 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Expense related to nonvested shares and included in "Retirement and severance expense" in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was $ 1.0 million, $ 0.7 million and $ 0.4 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At December 31, 2025, unamortized share-based compensation expense related to nonvested sha res was $ 11.0 million and w ill be recognized in future periods as follows (in thousands): Amount Year: 2026 $ 5,701 2027 3,713 2028 1,586 Total $ 11,000 Nonvested Performance Share Units A summary of the Company's nonvested performance share unit activity and related information is as follows: Target Number of Performance Share Units Weighted avg. grant date fair value (1) Weighted avg. life remaining Outstanding at December 31, 2024 326,469 $ 59.44 Granted 113,833 66.45 Vested (2) ( 98,610 ) 72.63 Outstanding at December 31, 2025 341,692 $ 57.97 1.00 (1) The grant date fair value was determined utilizing (i) a Monte Carlo simulation model to generate an estimate of the Company's future share price over the three-year performance period for performance share units based on the Company's Total Shareholder Return (TSR) performance further described below and (ii) the Company's grant date fair value for performance share units based on the Company's Compounded Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) in AFFO per share over the three-year performance period. (2) The achievement of the performance conditions for the performance share units granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 resulted in a performance payout percentage of 200 % for both the Company's TSR relative to the TSRs of the Company's peer group companies and the Company's TSR relative to the TSRs of companies in the MSCI US REIT Index, and a payout percentage of 200 % for the Company's CAGR in AFFO per share over the three-year performance period. The achievement of the performance conditions and the above payout percentages resulted in the issuance of 197,220 common shares and 51,612 common shares from dividend equivalents. The fair value of the performance share units and dividend equivalents that vested was $ 12.3 million. The number of common shares issuable upon settlement of the performance share units granted during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 will be based upon the Company's achievement level relative to the following performance measures over a three-year performance period ending December 31, 2027, 2026 and 2025, respectively. The Company's achievement level relative to the performance measures is assigned a specific payout percentage which is multiplied by the target number of performance share units. Granted during the years ended December 31, TSR vs. Triple-Net Peer Group TSR vs. MSCI US REIT Index CAGR in AFFO per share growth 2023 50.0 % 25.0 % 25.0 % 2024 52.2 % 26.1 % 21.7 % 2025 52.2 % 26.1 % 21.7 % 98 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 The performance share units based on relative TSR performance have market conditions and are valued using a Monte Carlo simulation model on the grant date, which resulted in a grant date fair value of approximately $ 6.3 million , $ 4.1 million and $ 5.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The estimated fair value is amortized to expense over the three-year vesting period, which ends on December 31, 2027, 2026 and 2025 for performance share units granted in 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The following assumptions were used in the Monte Carlo simulation for computing the grant date fair value of the performance share units with a market condition for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively: risk-free interest rate of 4.2 %, 4.5 % and 4.4 %, volatility factors in the expected market price of the Company's common shares of 25 %, 30 % and 52 % and an expected life of approximately three years . The performance share units based on growth in AFFO per share have a performance condition. The probability of achieving the performance condition is assessed at each reporting period. If it is deemed probable that the performance condition will be met, compensation cost will be recognized based on the closing price per share of the Company's common shares on the date of the grant multiplied by the number of awards expected to be earned. If it is deemed that it is not probable that the performance condition will be met, the Company will discontinue the recognition of compensation cost and any compensation cost previously recorded will be reve rsed. At December 31, 2025, achievement of the performance condition was deemed probable for the performance share units granted during the year ended December 31, 2025 with an expected payout percentage of 157 %, which resulted in a grant date fair value of approximately $ 1.9 million. Achievement of the performance condition for the performance share units granted during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 was deemed not probable at December 31, 2025. Expense recognized related to performance share units and included in "General and administrative expense" in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was $ 5.3 million , $ 5.4 million and $ 7.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Expense related to performance share units and included in "Retirement and severance expense" in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was $ 1.2 million and $ 0.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. At December 31, 2025, unamortized share-based compensation expense related to nonvested performance sha re units was $ 6.1 million and w ill be recognized in future periods as follows (in thousands): Amount Year: 2026 $ 3,832 2027 2,304 Total $ 6,136 Restricted Share Units A summary of the Company’s restricted share unit activity and related information is as follows: Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Weighted Average Life Remaining Outstanding at December 31, 2024 45,410 $ 40.69 Granted 43,635 55.71 Vested ( 46,974 ) 40.92 Outstanding at December 31, 2025 42,071 $ 56.01 0.42 The holders of restricted share units receive dividend equivalents from the date of grant. Total expense recognized related to shares issued to non-associate Trustees and included in "General and administrative expense" in the accompanying consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income was $ 2.2 million , $ 1.8 million and $ 1.9 million for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. At December 31, 2025, unamortized share-based compensation expense related to restricted share units was $ 982 thousand , which will be recognized in 2026. 99 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 15. Operating Leases The Company’s real estate inve stments are leased under operating leases with remaining terms ranging from one year to 26 years. The following table summarize s the future minimum rentals o n the Company's lessor and sublessor arrangements at December 31, 2025 (in thousands): December 31, 2025 Operating leases Sub-lessor operating ground leases Amount (1) Amount (1) Total Year: 2026 $ 536,699 $ 27,299 $ 563,998 2027 523,736 27,240 550,976 2028 515,440 26,407 541,847 2029 511,162 24,848 536,010 2030 489,460 20,217 509,677 Thereafter 3,040,769 140,436 3,181,205 Total $ 5,617,266 $ 266,447 $ 5,883,713 (1) Included in rental revenue. In addition to its lessor arrangements on its real estate investments, as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company was lessee in 50 and 51 operating ground leases, respectively, as well as lessee in an operating lease of its executive office. The Company's tenants, who are generally subtenants under these ground leases, are responsible for paying the rent under these ground leases. As of December 31, 2025, rental revenue from one of the Company's tenants, who is also a subtenant under certain ground leases, is being recognized on a cash basis. In addition, two of the Company's ground leases do not currently have subtenants. In the event the tenant fails to pay the ground lease rent or if the property does not have sub-tenants, the Company is primarily responsible for the payment, assuming the Company does not sell or re-tenant the property. As of December 31, 2025, the ground lease arrangements have remaining terms ranging fro m eight months to 17 years. Mo st of these leases include one or more options to renew. The Company assesses these options using a threshold of reasonably certain, which also includes an assessment of the term of the Company's tenants' leases. For leases where renewal is reasonably certain, those option periods are included within the lease term and also the measurement of the operating lease right-of-use asset and liability. The ground lease arrangements do not contain any residual value guarantees or any material restrictions. As of December 31, 2025, the Company does not have any leases that have not commenced but that create significant rights and obligations. The Company determines whether an arrangement is or includes a lease at contract inception. For arrangements in which the Company is lessee, operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities are recognized at commencement date and initially measured based on the present value of lease payments over the defined lease terms. As the Company's leases do not provide an implicit rate, the Company used its incremental borrowing rate in determining the present value of lease payments. The incremental borrowing rate was adjusted for collateral based on the information available at adoption or the commencement date. Inputs to the calculation of the Company's incremental borrowing rate include its senior notes and their option adjusted credit spreads over comparable U.S. Treasury rates, adjusted to a collateralized basis by estimating the credit spread improvement that would result from an upgrade of one ratings classification. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company exercised an early termination option of a ground lease on an eat & play property. As a result, the Company recognized a gain of $ 3.4 million due to the reassessment of the lease term and the corresponding remeasurement of the lease liability and right-of-use asset, which is recorded in "Gain (loss) on sale of real estate and early ground lease termination" in the accompanying consolidated statement of income and comprehensive income for the year ended December 31, 2025. 100 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 The following table summarizes the future minimum lease payments under the ground lease obligations and the office lease at December 31, 2025, excluding contingent rent due under leases where the ground lease payment, or a portion thereof, is based on the level of the tenant's sales (in thousands): December 31, 2025 Ground Leases (1) Office lease (2) (3) Year: 2026 $ 28,871 $ 717 2027 28,011 — 2028 27,110 — 2029 25,552 — 2030 20,901 — Thereafter 153,854 — Total lease payments $ 284,299 $ 717 Less: imputed interest 80,252 17 Present value of lease liabilities $ 204,047 $ 700 (1) Included in property operating expense. (2) Included in general and administrative expense. (3) Subsequent to December 31, 2025, the Company signed a new office lease for a term of 10.5 years for approximately 41,525 square feet of office space. The lease is expected to commence on January 1, 2027 with an initial annual rent payment of approximately $ 1.0 million. The following table summarizes the carrying amounts of the operating lease right-of-use assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 (in thousands): As of December 31, Classification 2025 2024 Assets: Operating ground lease assets Operating lease right-of-use assets $ 170,101 $ 171,885 Office lease asset Operating lease right-of-use assets 654 1,479 Total operating lease right-of-use assets $ 170,755 $ 173,364 Sub-lessor straight-line rent receivable Accounts receivable 17,490 17,527 Total leased assets $ 188,245 $ 190,891 Liabilities: Operating ground lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities $ 204,047 $ 210,814 Office lease liability Operating lease liabilities 700 1,586 Total lease liabilities $ 204,747 $ 212,400 The following table summarizes rental revenue, including sublease arrangements and lease costs, for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): Year ended December 31, Classification 2025 2024 2023 Rental revenue Operating leases Rental revenue $ 582,017 $ 559,079 $ 588,751 Sublease income - operating ground leases Rental revenue 26,588 26,088 27,388 Lease costs Operating ground lease cost Property operating expense $ 26,722 $ 26,277 $ 26,290 Operating office lease cost General and administrative expense 896 896 896 101 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 The following table summarizes the weighted-average remaining lease term and the weighted-average discount rate for arrangements where the Company is the lessee as of December 31, 2025 and 2024: As of December 31, 2025 2024 Weighted-average remaining lease term in years Operating ground leases 11.7 14.1 Operating office lease 0.8 1.8 Weighted-average discount rate Operating ground leases 5.49 % 5.40 % Operating office lease 6.04 % 6.04 % 16. Other Commitments and Contingencies As of December 31, 2025, the Company had 14 development projects with commitments to fund an aggregate of approximately $ 53.7 million. The Company advances development costs in periodic draws. If the Company determines that construction is not bein g completed or progressing in accordance with the terms of the development agreement, it can discontinue funding construction draws. The Company has agreed to lease the properties to the operators at predetermined rates upon completion of construction. The Company has certain commitments related to its mortgage notes and notes receivable investments that it may be required to fund in the future. The Company is generally obligated to fund these commitments at the request of the borrower or upon the occurrence of specified events outside of its direct control. As of December 31, 2025 , the Company h ad two mortgage notes with commitments totaling approximately $ 48.1 million. If commitments are funded in the future, the Company will charge interest at rates consistent with the existing investments. 17. Segment Information The Company groups its investments into two reportable segments: Experiential and Education. The financial information summarized below is presented by reportable segment (in thousands): Balance Sheet Data: As of December 31, 2025 Experiential Education Corporate/Unallocated Consolidated Total Assets $ 5,241,639 $ 363,430 $ 94,693 $ 5,699,762 As of December 31, 2024 Experiential Education Corporate/Unallocated Consolidated Total Assets $ 5,171,845 $ 409,801 $ 34,861 $ 5,616,507 102 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Operating Data: For the Year Ended December 31, 2025 Experiential Education Corporate/Unallocated Consolidated Rental revenue $ 571,147 $ 37,458 $ — $ 608,605 Other income 45,231 — 361 45,592 Mortgage and other financing income 63,869 291 — 64,160 Total revenue 680,247 37,749 361 718,357 Property operating expense 58,280 17 875 59,172 Other expense 45,756 — — 45,756 Total investment expenses 104,036 17 875 104,928 Net operating income (loss) - before unallocated items 576,211 37,732 ( 514 ) 613,429 Reconciliation to Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income: General and administrative expense ( 55,830 ) Retirement and severance expense ( 2,995 ) Transaction costs ( 2,199 ) (Provision) benefit for credit losses, net ( 8,477 ) Depreciation and amortization ( 169,160 ) Gain on sale of real estate and early ground lease termination 39,533 Interest expense, net ( 133,079 ) Equity in loss from joint ventures ( 3,790 ) Income tax expense ( 2,496 ) Net income 274,936 Preferred dividend requirements ( 24,144 ) Net income available to common shareholders of EPR Properties $ 250,792 For the Year Ended December 31, 2024 Experiential Education Corporate/Unallocated Consolidated Rental revenue $ 547,310 $ 37,857 $ — $ 585,167 Other income 56,297 100 674 57,071 Mortgage and other financing income 55,005 825 — 55,830 Total revenue 658,612 38,782 674 698,068 Property operating expense 57,616 573 957 59,146 Other expense 56,877 — — 56,877 Total investment expenses 114,493 573 957 116,023 Net operating income (loss) - before unallocated items 544,119 38,209 ( 283 ) 582,045 Reconciliation to Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income: General and administrative expense ( 50,096 ) Severance expense ( 1,836 ) Transaction costs ( 798 ) (Provision) benefit for credit losses, net ( 12,247 ) Impairment charges ( 51,764 ) Depreciation and amortization ( 165,733 ) Gain on sale of real estate and early ground lease termination 16,101 Costs associated with loan refinancing or payoff ( 337 ) Interest expense, net ( 130,810 ) Equity in loss from joint ventures ( 8,809 ) Impairment charges on joint ventures ( 28,217 ) Income tax expense ( 1,433 ) Net income 146,066 Preferred dividend requirements ( 24,144 ) Net income available to common shareholders of EPR Properties $ 121,922 103 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 For the Year Ended December 31, 2023 Experiential Education Corporate/Unallocated Consolidated Rental revenue $ 577,715 $ 38,424 $ — $ 616,139 Other income 45,112 1 834 45,947 Mortgage and other financing income 42,717 865 — 43,582 Total revenue 665,544 39,290 834 705,668 Property operating expense 56,543 192 743 57,478 Other expense 44,774 — — 44,774 Total investment expenses 101,317 192 743 102,252 Net operating income - before unallocated items 564,227 39,098 91 603,416 Reconciliation to Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income: General and administrative expense ( 56,442 ) Severance expense ( 547 ) Transaction costs ( 1,554 ) (Provision) benefit for credit losses, net ( 878 ) Impairment charges ( 67,366 ) Depreciation and amortization ( 168,033 ) Loss on sale of real estate and early ground lease termination ( 2,197 ) Interest expense, net ( 124,858 ) Equity in loss from joint ventures ( 6,768 ) Income tax expense ( 1,727 ) Net income 173,046 Preferred dividend requirements ( 24,145 ) Net income available to common shareholders of EPR Properties $ 148,901 104 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 EPR Properties Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation December 31, 2025 (Dollars in thousands) Initial cost Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Gross Amount at December 31, 2025 Location Debt Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Total Accumulated depreciation Date acquired Depreciation life Theatres Sugar Land, TX $ — $ — $ 19,100 $ 4,152 $ — $ 23,252 $ 23,252 $ ( 14,816 ) 11/97 40 years San Antonio, TX — 3,006 13,662 8,455 3,006 22,117 25,123 ( 13,598 ) 11/97 40 years Columbus, OH — — 12,685 1,133 — 13,818 13,818 ( 12,349 ) 11/97 28 years San Diego, CA — — 16,028 — — 16,028 16,028 ( 11,019 ) 11/97 40 years Ontario, CA — 5,521 19,449 7,130 5,521 26,579 32,100 ( 16,189 ) 11/97 40 years Leawood, KS — 3,714 12,086 4,110 3,714 16,196 19,910 ( 9,626 ) 11/97 40 years Houston, TX — 7,957 22,861 ( 1,455 ) 7,712 21,651 29,363 ( 15,135 ) 02/98 40 years South Barrington, IL — 6,577 27,723 4,618 6,577 32,341 38,918 ( 21,184 ) 03/98 40 years Mesquite, TX — 2,912 20,288 4,885 2,912 25,173 28,085 ( 16,396 ) 04/98 40 years Hampton, VA — 3,822 24,678 4,510 3,822 29,188 33,010 ( 18,941 ) 06/98 40 years Pompano Beach, FL — 6,771 9,899 10,984 6,771 20,883 27,654 ( 20,666 ) 08/98 24 years Raleigh, NC — 2,919 5,559 3,492 2,919 9,051 11,970 ( 5,398 ) 08/98 40 years Davie, FL — 2,000 13,000 11,512 2,000 24,512 26,512 ( 15,565 ) 11/98 40 years Aliso Viejo, CA — 8,000 14,000 — 8,000 14,000 22,000 ( 9,450 ) 12/98 40 years Boise, ID — — 16,003 3,205 — 19,208 19,208 ( 10,940 ) 12/98 40 years Cary, NC — 3,352 11,653 3,091 3,352 14,744 18,096 ( 8,807 ) 12/99 40 years Tampa, FL — 6,000 12,809 1,452 6,000 14,261 20,261 ( 9,805 ) 06/99 40 years Metairie, LA — — 11,740 3,049 — 14,789 14,789 ( 7,980 ) 03/02 40 years Harahan, LA — 5,264 14,820 — 5,264 14,820 20,084 ( 8,831 ) 03/02 40 years Hammond, LA — 2,404 6,780 1,607 1,839 8,952 10,791 ( 4,520 ) 03/02 40 years Houma, LA — 2,404 6,780 — 2,404 6,780 9,184 ( 4,040 ) 03/02 40 years Harvey, LA — 4,378 12,330 3,735 4,266 16,177 20,443 ( 8,589 ) 03/02 40 years Greenville, SC — 1,660 7,570 545 1,660 8,115 9,775 ( 4,669 ) 06/02 40 years Sterling Heights, MI — 5,975 17,956 3,400 5,975 21,356 27,331 ( 13,949 ) 06/02 40 years Olathe, KS — 4,000 15,935 2,558 3,042 19,451 22,493 ( 12,229 ) 06/02 40 years Livonia, MI — 4,500 17,525 — 4,500 17,525 22,025 ( 10,259 ) 08/02 40 years Alexandria, VA — — 22,035 — — 22,035 22,035 ( 12,808 ) 10/02 40 years Little Rock, AR — 3,858 7,990 — 3,858 7,990 11,848 ( 4,611 ) 12/02 40 years Macon, GA — 1,982 5,056 1,462 1,982 6,518 8,500 ( 3,164 ) 03/03 40 years Lawrence, KS — 1,500 3,526 2,017 1,500 5,543 7,043 ( 2,690 ) 06/03 40 years Columbia, SC — 1,000 10,534 339 1,000 10,873 11,873 ( 5,334 ) 11/03 40 years Phoenix, AZ — 4,276 15,934 3,518 4,276 19,452 23,728 ( 9,811 ) 03/04 40 years Mesa, AZ — 4,446 16,565 3,263 4,446 19,828 24,274 ( 10,105 ) 03/04 40 years Peoria, IL — 2,948 11,177 — 2,948 11,177 14,125 ( 5,984 ) 07/04 40 years Lafayette, LA — — 10,318 — — 10,318 10,318 ( 6,603 ) 07/04 24 years Hurst, TX — 5,000 11,729 1,015 5,000 12,744 17,744 ( 6,734 ) 11/04 40 years Melbourne, FL — 3,817 8,830 320 3,817 9,150 12,967 ( 4,804 ) 12/04 40 years D'Iberville, MS — 2,001 8,043 3,612 808 12,848 13,656 ( 6,155 ) 12/04 40 years Wilmington, NC — 1,650 7,047 3,033 1,650 10,080 11,730 ( 4,604 ) 02/05 40 years 105 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Initial cost Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Gross Amount at December 31, 2025 Location Debt Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Total Accumulated depreciation Date acquired Depreciation life Chattanooga, TN — 2,799 11,467 — 2,799 11,467 14,266 ( 5,972 ) 03/05 40 years Conroe, TX — 1,836 8,230 2,304 1,836 10,534 12,370 ( 4,787 ) 06/05 40 years Indianapolis, IN — 1,481 4,565 2,375 1,481 6,940 8,421 ( 3,097 ) 06/05 40 years Hattiesburg, MS — 1,978 7,733 4,720 1,978 12,453 14,431 ( 5,779 ) 09/05 40 years Arroyo Grande, CA — 2,641 3,810 — 2,641 3,810 6,451 ( 1,913 ) 12/05 40 years Auburn, CA — 2,178 6,185 ( 65 ) 2,113 6,185 8,298 ( 3,105 ) 12/05 40 years Fresno, CA — 7,600 11,613 2,894 7,600 14,507 22,107 ( 9,356 ) 12/05 40 years Modesto, CA — 2,542 3,910 1,889 2,542 5,799 8,341 ( 2,543 ) 12/05 40 years Columbia, MD — — 12,204 — — 12,204 12,204 ( 6,026 ) 03/06 40 years Garland, TX — 8,028 14,825 — 8,028 14,825 22,853 ( 7,320 ) 03/06 40 years Garner, NC — 1,305 6,899 — 1,305 6,899 8,204 ( 3,392 ) 04/06 40 years Winston-Salem, NC — — 12,153 4,188 — 16,341 16,341 ( 8,014 ) 07/06 24 years Huntsville, AL — 3,508 14,802 — 3,508 14,802 18,310 ( 7,154 ) 08/06 40 years Pensacola, FL — 5,316 15,099 — 5,316 15,099 20,415 ( 7,172 ) 12/06 40 years Slidell, LA 10,635 — 11,499 — — 11,499 11,499 ( 5,462 ) 12/06 40 years Panama City Beach, FL — 6,486 11,156 2,704 6,486 13,860 20,346 ( 5,800 ) 05/07 40 years Kalispell, MT — 2,505 7,323 — 2,505 7,323 9,828 ( 3,356 ) 08/07 40 years Greensboro, NC — — 12,606 914 — 13,520 13,520 ( 11,418 ) 11/07 20 years Glendora, CA — — 10,588 — — 10,588 10,588 ( 4,544 ) 10/08 40 years Ypsilanti, MI — 4,716 227 2,817 4,716 3,044 7,760 ( 840 ) 12/09 40 years Manchester, CT — 3,628 11,474 2,315 3,628 13,789 17,417 ( 5,107 ) 12/09 40 years Davenport, IA — 3,599 6,068 2,265 3,564 8,368 11,932 ( 3,025 ) 12/09 40 years Fairfax, VA — 2,630 11,791 2,000 2,630 13,791 16,421 ( 5,237 ) 12/09 40 years Flint, MI — 1,270 1,723 — 1,270 1,723 2,993 ( 689 ) 12/09 40 years Hazlet, NJ — 3,719 4,716 — 3,719 4,716 8,435 ( 1,887 ) 12/09 40 years Huber Heights, OH — 970 3,891 — 970 3,891 4,861 ( 1,556 ) 12/09 40 years North Haven, CT — 5,442 1,061 2,000 3,458 5,045 8,503 ( 2,070 ) 12/09 40 years Okolona, KY — 5,379 3,311 2,000 5,379 5,311 10,690 ( 1,772 ) 12/09 40 years Voorhees, NJ — 1,723 9,614 — 1,723 9,614 11,337 ( 3,846 ) 12/09 40 years Louisville, KY — 4,979 6,567 ( 1,046 ) 3,933 6,567 10,500 ( 2,627 ) 12/09 40 years Beavercreek, OH — 1,578 6,630 1,700 1,578 8,330 9,908 ( 3,043 ) 12/09 40 years West Springfield, MA — 2,540 3,755 2,650 2,540 6,405 8,945 ( 2,095 ) 12/09 40 years Cincinnati, OH — 1,361 1,741 — 635 2,467 3,102 ( 910 ) 12/09 40 years Pasadena, TX — 2,951 10,684 1,759 2,951 12,443 15,394 ( 4,530 ) 06/10 40 years Plano, TX — 1,052 1,968 — 1,052 1,968 3,020 ( 763 ) 06/10 40 years Mishawaka, IN — 2,399 5,454 1,383 2,399 6,837 9,236 ( 2,506 ) 06/10 40 years Grand Prairie, TX — 1,873 3,245 2,104 1,873 5,349 7,222 ( 1,892 ) 06/10 40 years Redding, CA — 2,044 4,500 1,177 2,044 5,677 7,721 ( 2,005 ) 06/10 40 years Pueblo, CO — 2,238 5,162 1,265 2,238 6,427 8,665 ( 2,284 ) 06/10 40 years Beaumont, TX — 1,065 11,669 1,644 1,065 13,313 14,378 ( 4,939 ) 06/10 40 years Pflugerville, TX — 4,356 11,533 1,963 4,263 13,589 17,852 ( 4,984 ) 06/10 40 years Houston, TX — 4,109 9,739 2,617 4,109 12,356 16,465 ( 4,323 ) 06/10 40 years El Paso, TX — 4,598 13,207 2,296 4,598 15,503 20,101 ( 5,660 ) 06/10 40 years Colorado Springs, CO — 4,134 11,220 1,427 2,938 13,843 16,781 ( 5,020 ) 06/10 40 years Saco, ME — 1,508 3,826 1,124 1,508 4,950 6,458 ( 1,659 ) 03/11 40 years Westbrook, ME — 2,273 7,119 — 2,273 7,119 9,392 ( 2,640 ) 03/11 40 years 106 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Initial cost Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Gross Amount at December 31, 2025 Location Debt Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Total Accumulated depreciation Date acquired Depreciation life Twin Falls, ID — — 4,783 — — 4,783 4,783 ( 1,624 ) 04/11 40 years Dallas, TX — — 12,146 ( 3,869 ) — 8,277 8,277 ( 920 ) 03/12 n/a Albuquerque, NM — — 13,733 2,579 — 16,312 16,312 ( 4,171 ) 06/12 40 years Austin, TX — 2,608 6,373 — 2,608 6,373 8,981 ( 1,978 ) 09/12 40 years Champaign, IL — — 9,381 125 — 9,506 9,506 ( 2,872 ) 09/12 40 years Opelika, AL — 1,314 8,951 — 1,314 8,951 10,265 ( 2,573 ) 11/12 40 years Gainesville, VA — — 10,846 1,917 — 12,763 12,763 ( 3,306 ) 02/13 40 years Lafayette, LA 14,360 — 12,728 1,438 — 14,166 14,166 ( 4,089 ) 08/13 40 years Tuscaloosa, AL — — 11,287 450 1,815 9,922 11,737 ( 2,964 ) 09/13 40 years Tampa, FL — 1,700 23,483 3,648 1,579 27,252 28,831 ( 11,094 ) 10/13 40 years Warrenville, IL — 14,000 17,318 ( 4,487 ) 8,270 18,561 26,831 ( 7,714 ) 10/13 40 years San Francisco, CA — 2,077 12,914 — 2,077 12,914 14,991 ( 3,229 ) 08/13 40 years Wilder, KY — 983 11,233 2,004 983 13,237 14,220 ( 3,920 ) 04/14 40 years Bowling Green, KY — 1,241 10,222 — 1,241 10,222 11,463 ( 3,174 ) 04/14 40 years New Albany, IN — 2,461 14,808 311 2,461 15,119 17,580 ( 4,649 ) 04/14 40 years Clarksville, TN — 3,764 16,769 4,706 3,764 21,475 25,239 ( 6,117 ) 04/14 40 years Noblesville, IN — 886 7,453 2,019 886 9,472 10,358 ( 2,768 ) 04/14 40 years McDonough, GA — 2,235 16,842 — 2,235 16,842 19,077 ( 5,171 ) 04/14 40 years Sterling Heights, MI — 10,849 — ( 3,712 ) 6,949 188 7,137 ( 184 ) 12/14 15 years Virginia Beach, VA — 2,544 6,478 — 2,544 6,478 9,022 ( 1,754 ) 02/15 40 years Yulee, FL — 1,036 6,934 — 1,036 6,934 7,970 ( 1,878 ) 02/15 40 years Jacksonville, FL — 5,080 22,064 — 5,080 22,064 27,144 ( 9,334 ) 05/15 25 years Denham Springs, LA — — 5,093 4,162 — 9,255 9,255 ( 2,262 ) 05/15 40 years Crystal Lake, IL — 2,980 13,521 568 2,980 14,089 17,069 ( 6,023 ) 07/15 25 years Kennewick, WA — 2,484 4,901 — 2,484 4,901 7,385 ( 2,091 ) 06/16 25 years Franklin, TN — 10,158 17,549 8,685 9,825 26,567 36,392 ( 10,420 ) 06/16 25 years Mobile, AL — 2,116 16,657 — 2,116 16,657 18,773 ( 6,726 ) 06/16 25 years El Paso, TX — 2,957 10,961 3,905 2,957 14,866 17,823 ( 5,800 ) 06/16 25 years Edinburg, TX — 1,982 16,964 5,680 1,982 22,644 24,626 ( 8,637 ) 06/16 25 years Hendersonville, TN — 2,784 8,034 4,245 2,784 12,279 15,063 ( 3,668 ) 07/16 30 years Houston, TX — 965 10,002 — 965 10,002 10,967 ( 2,666 ) 10/16 40 years Detroit, MI — 4,299 13,810 — 4,299 13,810 18,109 ( 4,220 ) 11/16 30 years Fort Worth, TX — — 11,385 — — 11,385 11,385 ( 2,158 ) 02/17 40 years Fort Wayne, IN — 1,926 11,054 — 1,926 11,054 12,980 ( 3,805 ) 05/17 27 years Wichita, KS — 3,132 23,270 — 3,132 23,270 26,402 ( 9,145 ) 05/17 23 years Tomball, TX — 3,416 26,918 — 3,416 26,918 30,334 ( 6,113 ) 08/17 40 years Cleveland, OH — 5,060 21,072 374 5,060 21,446 26,506 ( 8,137 ) 08/17 25 years Little Rock, AR — 1,789 10,780 — 1,789 10,780 12,569 ( 2,431 ) 01/18 40 years Conway, AR — 1,316 5,553 — 1,316 5,553 6,869 ( 1,578 ) 03/18 30 years Lynbrook, NY — 1,753 28,400 — 1,753 28,400 30,153 ( 5,451 ) 06/18 40 years Staten Island, NY — — 12,479 ( 6,529 ) — 5,950 5,950 ( 847 ) 12/18 19 years Beaumont, CA — 2,421 12,026 — 2,421 12,026 14,447 ( 1,660 ) 01/19 40 years Louisville, KY — 3,726 27,312 — 3,726 27,312 31,038 ( 5,088 ) 03/19 40 years Riverview, FL — 2,339 15,901 — 2,339 15,901 18,240 ( 3,252 ) 03/19 37 years Savoy, IL — 1,938 10,554 1,868 1,938 12,422 14,360 ( 3,985 ) 06/19 25 years Dublin, CA — 15,662 25,496 — 15,662 25,496 41,158 ( 6,554 ) 06/19 30 years 107 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Initial cost Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Gross Amount at December 31, 2025 Location Debt Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Total Accumulated depreciation Date acquired Depreciation life Ontario, CA — 8,019 15,708 — 8,019 15,708 23,727 ( 4,806 ) 06/19 24 years Columbia, SC — 7,009 17,318 — 7,009 17,318 24,327 ( 3,177 ) 06/19 40 years Charlotte, NC — 4,257 15,121 — 4,257 15,121 19,378 ( 3,260 ) 06/19 35 years Raleigh, NC — 5,376 12,516 — 5,376 12,516 17,892 ( 3,371 ) 06/19 30 years Gastonia, NC — 4,039 9,199 — 4,039 9,199 13,238 ( 2,526 ) 06/19 30 years Port Richey, FL — 1,564 7,103 — 1,564 7,103 8,667 ( 2,491 ) 06/19 26 years Hillsboro, OR — 3,392 5,697 — 3,392 5,697 9,089 ( 2,522 ) 06/19 23 years San Jacinto, CA — 1,960 5,073 — 1,960 5,073 7,033 ( 1,861 ) 06/19 23 years Albany, OR — 2,049 3,920 — 2,049 3,920 5,969 ( 1,219 ) 06/19 30 years Lake City, FL — 1,257 4,756 — 1,257 4,756 6,013 ( 1,515 ) 06/19 27 years Anderson, SC — 1,554 3,948 — 1,554 3,948 5,502 ( 1,504 ) 06/19 24 years New Hartford, NY — 946 11,985 ( 141 ) 946 11,844 12,790 ( 2,680 ) 10/19 31 years Columbus, OH — 5,211 14,179 1,100 5,211 15,279 20,490 ( 3,713 ) 10/19 38 years Kenner, LA — 5,299 14,000 — 5,299 14,000 19,299 ( 4,931 ) 10/19 34 years Marana, AZ — 2,384 5,438 — 2,384 5,438 7,822 ( 1,737 ) 12/19 28 years Bluffton, SC — 1,912 3,053 826 1,912 3,879 5,791 ( 1,237 ) 03/20 25 years Cherry Hill, NJ — 5,038 9,206 — 5,038 9,206 14,244 ( 3,730 ) 03/20 25 years Eat & Play Westminster, CO — 12,055 29,914 25,446 10,848 56,567 67,415 ( 35,682 ) 06/99 40 years New Rochelle, NY — 6,100 97,696 15,813 6,100 113,509 119,609 ( 64,682 ) 10/03 40 years Kanata, ON — 10,044 36,630 33,038 9,193 70,519 79,712 ( 35,167 ) 03/04 40 years Mississauga, ON — 9,221 17,593 20,574 11,095 36,293 47,388 ( 17,871 ) 03/04 40 years Oakville, ON — 10,044 23,646 13,530 9,193 38,027 47,220 ( 20,242 ) 03/04 40 years Whitby, ON — 10,202 21,960 30,806 11,995 50,973 62,968 ( 25,345 ) 03/04 40 years Burbank, CA — 16,584 35,016 13,151 16,584 48,167 64,751 ( 23,290 ) 03/05 40 years Northbrook, IL — — 7,025 586 — 7,611 7,611 ( 4,573 ) 07/11 25 years Allen, TX — — 10,007 1,151 — 11,158 11,158 ( 5,270 ) 02/12 29 years Dallas, TX — — 10,007 1,771 — 11,778 11,778 ( 5,378 ) 02/12 30 years Jacksonville, FL — 4,510 5,061 4,748 4,510 9,809 14,319 ( 4,692 ) 02/12 30 years Oak Brook, IL — — 8,068 536 — 8,604 8,604 ( 4,882 ) 03/12 15 years Houston, TX — — 12,403 394 — 12,797 12,797 ( 4,408 ) 09/12 40 years The Colony, TX — 4,004 13,665 ( 240 ) 4,004 13,425 17,429 ( 4,028 ) 12/12 40 years Alpharetta, GA — 5,608 16,616 ( 26 ) 5,582 16,616 22,198 ( 4,777 ) 05/13 40 years Scottsdale, AZ — — 16,942 — — 16,942 16,942 ( 4,871 ) 06/13 40 years Spring, TX — 4,928 14,522 — 4,928 14,522 19,450 ( 4,236 ) 07/13 40 years Warrenville, IL — — 6,469 9,625 2,906 13,188 16,094 ( 6,033 ) 10/13 40 years San Antonio, TX — — 15,976 79 — 16,055 16,055 ( 4,342 ) 12/13 40 years Tampa, FL — — 15,726 ( 67 ) — 15,659 15,659 ( 4,395 ) 02/14 40 years Gilbert, AZ — 4,735 16,130 ( 267 ) 4,735 15,863 20,598 ( 4,362 ) 02/14 40 years Overland Park, KS — 5,519 17,330 — 5,519 17,330 22,849 ( 4,543 ) 05/14 40 years Centennial, CO — 3,013 19,106 403 3,013 19,509 22,522 ( 5,035 ) 06/14 40 years Atlanta, GA — 8,143 17,289 — 8,143 17,289 25,432 ( 4,502 ) 06/14 40 years Ashburn, VA — — 16,873 101 — 16,974 16,974 ( 4,376 ) 06/14 40 years Naperville, IL — 8,824 20,279 ( 665 ) 8,824 19,614 28,438 ( 5,067 ) 08/14 40 years Oklahoma City, OK — 3,086 16,421 ( 252 ) 3,086 16,169 19,255 ( 4,245 ) 09/14 40 years Webster, TX — 5,631 17,732 799 5,210 18,952 24,162 ( 4,800 ) 11/14 40 years 108 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Initial cost Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Gross Amount at December 31, 2025 Location Debt Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Total Accumulated depreciation Date acquired Depreciation life Virginia Beach, VA — 6,948 18,715 ( 304 ) 6,348 19,011 25,359 ( 4,750 ) 12/14 40 years Edison, NJ — — 22,792 1,489 — 24,281 24,281 ( 5,454 ) 04/15 40 years Jacksonville, FL — 6,732 21,823 ( 1,201 ) 6,732 20,622 27,354 ( 4,758 ) 09/15 40 years Roseville, CA — 6,868 23,959 ( 1,928 ) 6,868 22,031 28,899 ( 5,124 ) 10/15 30 years Portland, OR — — 23,466 ( 541 ) — 22,925 22,925 ( 5,387 ) 11/15 40 years Orlando, FL — 8,586 22,493 1,120 8,586 23,613 32,199 ( 5,287 ) 01/16 40 years Marietta, GA — 3,116 11,872 — 3,116 11,872 14,988 ( 3,647 ) 02/16 35 years Charlotte, NC — 4,676 21,422 ( 867 ) 4,676 20,555 25,231 ( 4,716 ) 04/16 40 years Orlando, FL — 9,382 16,225 58 9,382 16,283 25,665 ( 3,358 ) 05/16 40 years Fort Worth, TX — 4,674 17,537 ( 532 ) 4,142 17,537 21,679 ( 3,800 ) 08/16 40 years Nashville, TN — — 26,685 136 — 26,821 26,821 ( 5,797 ) 12/16 40 years Dallas, TX — 3,318 7,835 4 3,318 7,839 11,157 ( 2,087 ) 12/16 40 years San Antonio, TX — 6,502 15,338 ( 628 ) 6,502 14,710 21,212 ( 2,883 ) 08/17 40 years Huntsville, AL — 53 17,595 ( 1,938 ) 53 15,657 15,710 ( 3,738 ) 08/17 40 years El Paso, TX — 2,688 17,373 — 2,688 17,373 20,061 ( 4,143 ) 02/18 40 years Pittsburgh, PA — 7,897 21,812 ( 1,039 ) 7,897 20,773 28,670 ( 4,138 ) 07/18 40 years Philadelphia, PA — 5,484 25,211 97 5,484 25,308 30,792 ( 4,875 ) 12/18 40 years Auburn Hills, MI — 4,219 27,704 ( 2,881 ) 4,219 24,823 29,042 ( 4,663 ) 12/18 40 years Greenville, SC — 6,272 18,240 — 6,272 18,240 24,512 ( 3,859 ) 06/18 40 years Thornton, CO — 5,419 23,635 — 5,419 23,635 29,054 ( 4,132 ) 09/18 40 years Katy, TX — 5,210 16,247 232 3,431 18,258 21,689 ( 2,828 ) 06/19 40 years Gwinnett, GA — 3,318 17,873 — 3,318 17,873 21,191 ( 2,967 ) 06/20 40 years San Jose, CA — — 26,752 — — 26,752 26,752 ( 4,170 ) 03/21 40 years Ontario, CA — — 34,943 — — 34,943 34,943 ( 4,923 ) 12/21 40 years King of Prussia, PA — — 35,196 — — 35,196 35,196 ( 2,527 ) 02/22 40 years Overland Park, KS — 8,298 37,186 — 8,298 37,186 45,484 ( 102 ) 02/24 40 years Oklahoma City, OK — 5,347 33,223 — 5,347 33,223 38,570 ( 427 ) 04/24 40 years Ski Bellefontaine, OH — 5,108 5,994 8,327 5,251 14,178 19,429 ( 7,308 ) 11/05 40 years Tannersville, PA — 34,940 34,629 4,377 34,940 39,006 73,946 ( 23,628 ) 09/13 40 years Northstar, CA — 56,005 106,644 — 56,005 106,644 162,649 ( 43,518 ) 04/17 40 years Attractions Kiamesha Lake, NY — 34,897 228,462 2,972 34,897 231,434 266,331 ( 71,808 ) 07/10 30 years Tannersville, PA — — 120,354 1,615 — 121,969 121,969 ( 31,716 ) 05/15 40 years Denver, CO — 753 6,218 — 753 6,218 6,971 ( 1,848 ) 02/17 30 years Fort Worth, TX — 824 7,066 — 824 7,066 7,890 ( 2,061 ) 03/17 30 years Corfu, NY — 5,112 43,637 2,500 5,112 46,137 51,249 ( 17,665 ) 04/17 30 years Oklahoma City, OK — 7,976 17,624 — 7,976 17,624 25,600 ( 6,302 ) 04/17 30 years Hot Springs, AR — 3,351 4,967 — 3,351 4,967 8,318 ( 1,727 ) 04/17 30 years Riviera Beach, FL — 17,450 29,713 3,344 15,000 35,507 50,507 ( 10,947 ) 04/17 30 years Oklahoma City, OK — 1,423 18,097 — 1,423 18,097 19,520 ( 6,565 ) 04/17 30 years Spring, TX — 18,776 31,402 — 18,776 31,402 50,178 ( 11,381 ) 04/17 30 years Glendale, AZ — — 20,514 2,969 — 23,483 23,483 ( 9,041 ) 04/17 30 years Kapolei, HI — — 8,351 1,542 — 9,893 9,893 ( 3,500 ) 04/17 30 years 109 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Initial cost Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Gross Amount at December 31, 2025 Location Debt Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Total Accumulated depreciation Date acquired Depreciation life Federal Way, WA — — 13,949 ( 12,149 ) — 1,800 1,800 ( 1,072 ) 04/17 12 years The Colony, TX — — 7,617 305 — 7,922 7,922 ( 5,696 ) 04/17 30 years Garland, TX — — 5,601 1,188 — 6,789 6,789 ( 4,431 ) 04/17 30 years Santa Monica, CA — — 13,874 15,717 — 29,591 29,591 ( 10,904 ) 04/17 30 years Concord, CA — — 9,808 5,120 — 14,928 14,928 ( 5,519 ) 04/17 30 years Tampa, FL — — 8,665 2,493 2,493 8,665 11,158 ( 2,407 ) 08/17 30 years Fort Lauderdale, FL — — 10,816 — — 10,816 10,816 ( 2,944 ) 10/17 30 years Valcartier, QC — 5,906 81,534 8,233 5,837 89,836 95,673 ( 14,803 ) 06/22 31 years Ottawa, ON — 13,482 32,357 7,010 13,322 39,527 52,849 ( 8,239 ) 06/22 20 years Old Forge, NY — 1,722 31,718 — 1,722 31,718 33,440 ( 3,998 ) 03/24 30 years West Berlin, NJ — 2,263 12,018 — 2,263 12,018 14,281 ( 1,046 ) 01/25 28 years Virginia Beach, VA — 7,219 15,954 — 7,219 15,954 23,173 ( 30 ) 12/25 27 years Experiential Lodging Pigeon Forge, TN — 5,697 14,100 16,869 8,604 28,062 36,666 ( 4,603 ) 04/20 15 years Fitness & Wellness Olathe, KS — 2,417 16,878 — 2,417 16,878 19,295 ( 4,923 ) 03/17 30 years Roseville, CA — 1,807 6,082 — 1,807 6,082 7,889 ( 1,934 ) 09/17 30 years Fort Collins, CO — 2,043 5,769 4,210 2,043 9,979 12,022 ( 1,862 ) 01/18 30 years Pagosa Springs, CO — 9,791 15,635 86,743 16,016 96,153 112,169 ( 7,667 ) 06/18 30 years Chicago, IL — 4,501 13,461 — 4,501 13,461 17,962 ( 1,596 ) 02/22 40 years Murrieta, CA — 28,787 92,207 — 28,787 92,207 120,994 ( 6,266 ) 08/22 30 years Brooklyn, NY — 14,465 25,294 — 14,465 25,294 39,759 ( 1,908 ) 02/23 40 years Belmont, CA — 3,923 4,720 — 3,923 4,720 8,643 ( 325 ) 12/23 30 years Acworth, GA — 1,242 — — 1,242 — 1,242 — 05/25 n/a Flower Mound, TX — 4,025 19,265 — 4,025 19,265 23,290 ( 140 ) 11/25 30 years Frisco, TX — 4,857 15,206 — 4,857 15,206 20,063 ( 102 ) 11/25 30 years Keller, TX — 3,438 16,312 — 3,438 16,312 19,750 ( 105 ) 11/25 32 years McKinney, TX — 4,321 15,743 — 4,321 15,743 20,064 ( 94 ) 11/25 35 years Wylie, TX — 1,685 5,891 — 1,685 5,891 7,576 ( 51 ) 11/25 28 years Gaming Kiamesha Lake, NY — 155,658 — 19,524 156,785 18,397 175,182 ( 3,188 ) 07/10 50 years Cultural St. Louis, MO — 5,481 41,951 3,153 5,481 45,104 50,585 ( 10,512 ) 12/18 40 years Early Childhood Education Centers Lake Pleasant, AZ — 986 3,524 902 986 4,426 5,412 ( 1,822 ) 03/13 30 years Goodyear, AZ — 1,308 7,275 222 1,308 7,497 8,805 ( 3,113 ) 06/13 30 years Oklahoma City, OK — 1,149 9,839 979 1,149 10,818 11,967 ( 4,159 ) 08/13 40 years Mesa, AZ — 762 6,987 1,501 762 8,488 9,250 ( 3,813 ) 01/14 30 years Gilbert, AZ — 1,295 9,192 316 1,295 9,508 10,803 ( 3,672 ) 03/14 30 years Cedar Park, TX — 1,520 10,500 418 1,278 11,160 12,438 ( 4,130 ) 07/14 30 years Chicago, IL — 1,294 4,375 19 1,294 4,394 5,688 ( 1,344 ) 07/14 30 years McKinney, TX — 1,812 12,419 1,841 1,812 14,260 16,072 ( 5,240 ) 11/14 30 years 110 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Initial cost Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Gross Amount at December 31, 2025 Location Debt Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Total Accumulated depreciation Date acquired Depreciation life West Chester, OH — 1,807 12,913 455 1,807 13,368 15,175 ( 4,356 ) 07/15 30 years Ellisville, MO — 2,465 15,063 — 2,465 15,063 17,528 ( 4,699 ) 07/15 30 years Chanhassen, MN — 2,603 15,613 523 2,603 16,136 18,739 ( 5,097 ) 08/15 30 years Maple Grove, MN — 3,743 14,927 561 3,743 15,488 19,231 ( 5,555 ) 08/15 30 years Carmel, IN — 1,567 12,854 366 1,561 13,226 14,787 ( 4,361 ) 09/15 30 years Fishers, IN — 1,226 13,144 700 1,226 13,844 15,070 ( 4,315 ) 12/15 30 years Westerville, OH — 2,988 14,339 362 2,988 14,701 17,689 ( 4,905 ) 04/16 30 years Las Vegas, NV — 1,476 14,422 ( 1,287 ) 1,476 13,135 14,611 ( 4,141 ) 06/16 30 years Edina, MN — 1,235 5,493 ( 323 ) 1,235 5,170 6,405 ( 1,531 ) 11/16 30 years Eagan, MN — 783 4,833 ( 286 ) 783 4,547 5,330 ( 1,462 ) 11/16 30 years Schaumburg, IL — 642 4,962 — 642 4,962 5,604 ( 1,428 ) 12/16 30 years Charlotte, NC — 1,200 2,557 — 1,200 2,557 3,757 ( 633 ) 01/17 35 years Charlotte, NC — 2,501 2,079 — 2,501 2,079 4,580 ( 516 ) 01/17 35 years Richardson, TX — 474 2,046 — 474 2,046 2,520 ( 530 ) 01/17 35 years Frisco, TX — 999 3,064 — 999 3,064 4,063 ( 776 ) 01/17 35 years Allen, TX — 910 3,719 — 910 3,719 4,629 ( 963 ) 01/17 35 years Southlake, TX — 920 2,766 — 920 2,766 3,686 ( 715 ) 01/17 35 years Dublin, OH — 581 4,223 — 581 4,223 4,804 ( 1,010 ) 01/17 35 years Plano, TX — 400 2,647 — 400 2,647 3,047 ( 700 ) 01/17 35 years Carrollton, TX — 329 1,389 — 329 1,389 1,718 ( 378 ) 01/17 35 years Davenport, FL — 3,000 5,877 — 3,000 5,877 8,877 ( 1,459 ) 01/17 35 years Tallahassee, FL — 952 3,205 — 952 3,205 4,157 ( 846 ) 01/17 35 years Sunrise, FL — 1,400 1,856 — 1,400 1,856 3,256 ( 474 ) 01/17 35 years Chaska, MN — 328 6,140 — 328 6,140 6,468 ( 1,464 ) 01/17 35 years Loretto, MN — 286 3,511 — 286 3,511 3,797 ( 865 ) 01/17 35 years Minneapolis, MN — 920 3,700 — 920 3,700 4,620 ( 886 ) 01/17 35 years Wayzata, MN — 810 1,962 — 810 1,962 2,772 ( 490 ) 01/17 35 years Plymouth, MN — 1,563 4,905 — 1,563 4,905 6,468 ( 1,227 ) 01/17 35 years Maple Grove, MN — 951 3,291 — 951 3,291 4,242 ( 808 ) 01/17 35 years Chula Vista, CA — 210 2,186 — 210 2,186 2,396 ( 585 ) 01/17 35 years Lincolnshire, IL — 1,006 4,799 — 1,006 4,799 5,805 ( 1,409 ) 02/17 30 years Minnetonka, MN — 911 4,833 659 931 5,472 6,403 ( 1,681 ) 03/17 30 years Portland, OR — 2,604 585 — 2,604 585 3,189 ( 157 ) 01/18 35 years Orlando, FL — 955 4,273 — 955 4,273 5,228 ( 1,033 ) 02/18 35 years Fort Mill, SC — 629 3,957 — 629 3,957 4,586 ( 881 ) 09/18 35 years Indian Land, SC — 907 3,784 — 907 3,784 4,691 ( 895 ) 09/18 35 years Sicklerville, NJ — 694 1,876 — 694 1,876 2,570 ( 588 ) 06/19 30 years Pennington, NJ — 1,018 2,284 — 1,018 2,284 3,302 ( 1,037 ) 08/19 24 years Private Schools Chicago, IL — 3,057 46,784 — 3,057 46,784 49,841 ( 12,281 ) 02/14 40 years Cumming, GA — 500 6,892 — 500 6,892 7,392 ( 1,859 ) 01/17 35 years Cumming, GA — 325 4,898 — 325 4,898 5,223 ( 1,360 ) 01/17 35 years Henderson, NV — 1,400 6,914 — 1,400 6,914 8,314 ( 1,818 ) 01/17 35 years Atlanta, GA — 2,001 5,989 — 2,001 5,989 7,990 ( 1,426 ) 01/17 35 years Pearland, TX — 2,360 9,292 — 2,360 9,292 11,652 ( 2,344 ) 01/17 35 years 111 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Initial cost Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Gross Amount at December 31, 2025 Location Debt Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Additions (Dispositions) (Impairments) Subsequent to acquisition Land Buildings, Equipment, Leasehold Interests & Improvements Total Accumulated depreciation Date acquired Depreciation life Pearland, TX — 372 2,568 — 372 2,568 2,940 ( 637 ) 01/17 35 years Palm Harbor, FL — 1,490 1,400 — 1,490 1,400 2,890 ( 369 ) 01/17 35 years Mason, OH — 975 11,243 — 975 11,243 12,218 ( 2,673 ) 01/17 35 years Property under development — 54,905 — — 54,905 — 54,905 — n/a n/a Land held for development — 20,168 — — 20,168 — 20,168 — n/a n/a Unsecured revolving credit facility — — — — — — — — n/a n/a Senior unsecured notes payable 2,929,597 — — — — — — — n/a n/a Less: deferred financing costs, net ( 25,181 ) — — — — — — — n/a n/a Total $ 2,929,411 $ 1,307,473 $ 4,426,442 $ 550,303 $ 1,301,280 $ 4,982,938 $ 6,284,218 $ ( 1,714,886 ) 112 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 EPR Properties Schedule III - Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (continued) Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2025 Real Estate Investments: Reconciliation: Balance at beginning of the year $ 6,130,434 Acquisition and development of real estate investments during the year (1) 274,066 Disposition of real estate investments during the year ( 120,282 ) Balance at close of year $ 6,284,218 Accumulated Depreciation: Reconciliation: Balance at beginning of the year $ 1,562,645 Depreciation during the year (1) 170,806 Disposition of real estate investments during the year ( 18,565 ) Balance at close of year $ 1,714,886 (1) Includes the impact of foreign currency translation. See accompanying report of independent registered public accounting firm. 113 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure Not applicable. Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures As of December 31, 2025, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act. Based upon and as of the date of that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (1) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms, and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Limitations on the effectiveness of controls Our disclosure controls were designed to provide reasonable assurance that the controls and procedures would meet their objectives. Our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls will prevent all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the designed control objectives and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the control. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective, maturing control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. Change in internal controls There have not been any changes in the Company's internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year to which this report relates that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control–Integrated Framework (2013) , our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2025. KPMG LLP, the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, has issued a report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting , which is included in Item 8. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements, errors or fraud. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 114 EPR PROPERTIES Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Item 9B. Other Information Except as noted below, during the three months ended December 31, 2025, no trustee or officer of the Company, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act, adopted, modified, or terminated any "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. On December 11, 2025, Tonya L. Mater, the Company's Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement for the sale of up to 11,292 Common Shares that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. The first trade date will not occur until March 20, 2026, at the earliest. The duration of the Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement is until December 17, 2026, or earlier if all transactions under the trading arrangement are completed. On December 23, 2025, Mark A. Peterson, the Company's Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, through a family trust, adopted a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement for the sale of up to 26,121 Common Shares that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. The first trade date will not occur until March 25, 2026, at the earliest. The duration of the Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement is until September 25, 2026, or earlier if all transactions under the trading arrangement are completed. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not applicable. PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The Company’s definitive Proxy Statement for its Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on May 5, 2026 (the “Proxy Statement”), will contain under the captions “Election of Trustees”, “Company Governance”, “Executiv e Officers” and, if applicable, "Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports" the information required by Item 10 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. Code of Conduct We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and all other officers, associates and trustees. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics may be viewed on our website at www.eprkc.com. Changes to and waivers granted with respect to the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics required to be disclosed pursuant to applicable rules and regulations will be posted on our website. Insider Trading Policy We have adopted an Insider Trading Policy governing the purchase, sale and other disposition of our securities by trustees, officers and associates that is designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules and regulations, and applicable NYSE listing standards, as well as procedures designed to further the foregoing purposes. In addition, the Insider Trading Policy requires the Company to comply with applicable laws and regulations relating to trading in its securities. A copy of our Insider Trading Policy is filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K as Exhibit 19. Item 11. Executive Compensation The Proxy Statement will contain under the captions “Election of Trustees”, “Executive Compensation”, “Compensation Committee Report”, and "Grant Practices Regarding Equity", the information required by Item 11 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The Proxy Statement will contain under the captions “Share Ownership” and “Equity Compensation Plan Information” the information required by Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. 115 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The Proxy Statement will contain under the captions “Transactions Between the Company and Trustees, Officers or their Affiliates,” “Election of Trustees” and “Additional Information Concerning the Board of Trustees” the information required by Item 13 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The Proxy Statement will contain under the caption “Ratification of Appointment of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm” the information required by Item 14 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which information is incorporated herein by this reference. PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (1) Financial Statements: See Part II, Item 8 hereof Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements The report of EPR Properties' independent registered public accounting firm (PCAOB ID: 185 ) with respect to the above-referenced financial statements and their report on internal control over financial reporting are included in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. Their consent appears as Exhibit 23 of this Form 10-K. (2) Financial Statement Schedules : See Part II, Item 8 hereof Schedule III – Real Estate and Accumulated Depreciation (3) Exhibits The Company has incorporated by reference certain exhibits as specified below pursuant to Rule 12b-32 under the Exchange Act. Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Composite of Amended and Restated Declaration of Trust of the Company (inclusive of all amendments through May 26, 2023), which is attached as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on August 3, 2023, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 3.2 Articles Supplementary designating the powers, preferences and rights of the 5.750% Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares, which is attached as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on December 21, 2006, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.2 3.3 Articles Supplementary designating powers, preferences and rights of the 9.000% Series E Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares, which is attached as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on April 2, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.3 3.4 Articles Supplementary designating the powers, preferences and rights of the 5.750% Series G Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares, which is attached as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on November 30, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.4 3.5 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (inclusive of all amendments through May 30, 2019), which is attached as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on May 30, 2019, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.5 116 4.1 Form of share certificate for common shares of beneficial interest of the Company, which is attached as Exhibit 4.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-3ASR (Registration No. 333-35281), filed on June 3, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.1 4.2 Form of 5.750% Series C Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares Certificate, which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on December 21, 2006, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.2 4.3 Form of 9.000% Series E Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares, which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on April 2, 2008, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.3 4.4 Form of 5.750% Series G Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Shares Certificate, which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on November 30, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.4 4. 5 Indenture, dated December 14, 2016, by and among the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, and UMB Bank, n.a., as trustee (including the form of 4.750% Senior Notes due 2026 included as Exhibit A thereto), which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on December 14, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.5 4. 6 Indenture, dated May 23, 2017, by and among the Company, certain of its subsidiaries, and UMB Bank, n.a., as trustee (including the form of 4.500% Senior Notes due 2027 included as Exhibit A thereto), which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on May 23, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.6 4. 7 Indenture, dated April 16, 2018, by and between the Company and UMB Bank, n.a., as trustee (including the form of 4.950% Senior Notes due 2028 included as Exhibit A thereto), which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on April 16, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.7 4. 8 Indenture, dated August 15, 2019, between the Company and UMB Bank, n.a., as trustee (including the form of 3.750% Senior Note due 2029 included as Exhibit A thereto), which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on August 15, 2019, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.8 4. 9 Indenture, dated October 27, 2021, between the Company and UMB Bank, n.a., as trustee (including the form of 3.600% Senior Note due 2031 included as Exhibit A thereto), which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on October 27, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.9 4. 10 Indenture, dated November 13, 2025, between the Company and UMB Bank, n.a., as trustee (including the form of 4.75% Senior Notes due 2030 included as Exhibit A thereto), which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on November 13, 2025, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.10 4.11.1 Note Purchase Agreement, dated August 1, 2016, by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein, which is attached as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on August 3, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.11.1 4.11.2 First Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated September 27, 2017, by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein, which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on September 27, 2017, is hereby incorporated as Exhibit 4.11.2 4.11.3 Second Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated June 29, 2020, by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein, which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on August 6, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.11.3 4.11.4 Third Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated December 24, 2020, by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein, which is attached as Exhibit 4.11.4 to the Company's Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on February 25, 2021, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.11.4 4.11.5 Fourth Amendment to Note Purchase Agreement, dated January 14, 2022, by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein, which is attached as Exhibit 4.11.5 to the Company's Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on February 23, 2022, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.11.5 117 4.12 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, which is attached as Exhibit 4.12 to the Company's Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on February 29, 2024, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 4.12 10. 1 * Form of Indemnification Agreement entered into between the Company and each of its trustees and officers, is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.1 10. 2 * Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Trustees, which is attached as Exhibit 10.10 to Amendment No. 2, filed on November 5, 1997, to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-11 (Registration No. 333-35281), is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.2 10. 3 * 2007 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on May 15, 2013, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.3 10. 4 * Form of 2007 Equity Incentive Plan Nonqualified Share Option Agreement for Employee Trustees, which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-142831) filed on May 11, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.4 10. 5 * Form of 2007 Equity Incentive Plan Nonqualified Share Option Agreement for Non-Employee Trustees, which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-142831) filed on May 11, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.5 10. 6 * Form of 2007 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Shares Agreement for Employees, which is attached as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-8 (Registration No. 333-142831) filed on May 11, 2007, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.6 10. 7 * Form of 2007 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Shares Agreement for Non-Employee Trustees, which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on May 20, 2009, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.7 10.8 * EPR Properties 2016 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated on May 6, 2025), which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on May 6, 2025, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.8 10. 9 * Form of 2016 Equity Incentive Plan Incentive and Nonqualified Share Option Award Agreement for Employees, which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on May 12, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.9 10.1 0 * Form of 2016 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Shares Award Agreement for Employees, which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on May 12, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.10 10.1 1 * Form of 2016 Equity Incentive Plan Restricted Share Unit Award Agreement for Non-Employee Trustees, which is attached as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on May 12, 2016, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.11 10.1 2 * Annual Performance-Based Incentive Plan, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on June 2, 2017, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.12 10.1 3 * EPR Properties Employee Severance Plan (as amended June 1, 2018), which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on July 31, 2018, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.13 10.1 4 * EPR Properties Employee Severance and Retirement Vesting Plan (effective July 31, 2020), which is attached as Exhibit 10.15 to the Company's Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on February 25, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.14 10.1 5 * 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on February 26, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.15 10.1 6 * Form of Performance Shares Awards Agreement under the 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan, which is attached as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on February 26, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.16 10.1 7 * Form of Restricted Shares Award Agreement under the 2020 Long Term Incentive Plan, which is attached as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on February 26, 2020, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.17 118 10. 18.1 Fourth Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2024, by and among the Company, as borrower, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and the other agents and lenders party thereto, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Form 8-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on September 23, 2024, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.18.1 10.18.2 Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended, Restated and Consolidated Credit Agreement, dated September 22, 2025, by and among the Company, as borrower, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, and the other agents and lenders party thereto, which is attached as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company’s Form 10-Q (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on October 30, 2025, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 10.18.2 19 Insider Trading Policy, which is attached as Exhibit 19 to the Company’s Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on February 26, 2025, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 19 21 The list of the Company's Subsidiaries is attached hereto as Exhibit 21 23 Consent of KPMG LLP is attached hereto as Exhibit 23 24 Power of Attorney (included in signature page) 31.1 Certification of Gregory K. Silvers pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is attached hereto as Exhibit 31.1 31.2 Certification of Mark A. Peterson pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 is attached hereto as Exhibit 31.2 32.1 Certification by Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, is attached hereto as Exhibit 32.1 32.2 Certification by Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, is attached hereto as Exhibit 32.2 97.1 Policy relating to the Recovery of Erroneously Award Compensation, which is attached as Exhibit 97.1 to the Company’s Form 10-K (Commission File No. 001-13561) filed on February 26, 2025, is hereby incorporated by reference as Exhibit 97.1 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) * Management contracts or compensatory plans PLEASE NOTE: Pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission, we have filed or incorporated by reference the agreements referenced above as exhibits to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The agreements have been filed to provide investors with information regarding their respective terms. The agreements are not intended to provide any other factual information about the Company or its business or operations. In particular, the assertions embodied in any representations, warranties and covenants contained in the agreements may be subject to qualifications with respect to knowledge and materiality different from those applicable to investors and may be qualified by information in confidential disclosure schedules not included with the exhibits. These disclosure schedules may contain information that modifies, qualifies and creates exceptions to the representations, warranties and covenants set forth in the agreements. Moreover, certain representations, warranties and covenants in the agreements may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between the parties, rather than establishing matters as facts. In addition, information concerning the subject matter of the representations, warranties and covenants may have changed after the date of the respective agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in the Company's public disclosures. Accordingly, investors should 119 not rely on the representations, warranties and covenants in the agreements as characterizations of the actual state of facts about the Company or its business or operations on the date hereof. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 120 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. EPR Properties Dated: February 26, 2026 By /s/ Gregory K. Silvers Gregory K. Silvers, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) POWER OF ATTORNEY Know all persons by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Gregory K. Silvers, Mark A. Peterson and Paul R. Turvey, and each of them, as his or her attorney-in-fact, with the power of substitution, for him or her in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact, or his or her substitute or substitutes, may do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 121 Signature and Title Date /s/ Gregory K. Silvers February 26, 2026 Gregory K. Silvers, Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Trustee /s/ Mark A. Peterson February 26, 2026 Mark A. Peterson, Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Tonya L. Mater February 26, 2026 Tonya L. Mater, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ Peter C. Brown February 26, 2026 Peter C. Brown, Trustee /s/ William P. Brown February 26, 2026 William P. Brown, Trustee /s/ John P. Case February 26, 2026 John P. Case, Trustee /s/ James B. Connor February 26, 2026 James B. Connor, Trustee /s/ Virginia E. Shanks February 26, 2026 Virginia E. Shanks, Trustee /s/ Robin P. Sterneck February 26, 2026 Robin P. Sterneck, Trustee /s/ John Peter Suarez February 26, 2026 John Peter Suarez, Trustee /s/ Lisa G. Trimberger February 26, 2026 Lisa G. Trimberger, Trustee /s/ Caixia Y. Ziegler February 26, 2026 Caixia Y. Ziegler, Trustee 122

