TICKER: EQT
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions or labor shortage impacts; • equipment failures, accidents or other unexpected operational events; • lack of available gathering and water facilities or delays in the construction of gathering and water facilities; • aging infrastructure and mechanical or structural problems; • failure of equipment, facilities or new technology; • damage to pipelines, wells and storage assets, facilities, equipment, environmental controls and surrounding properties, and pipeline blockages or other operational interruptions, caused or exacerbated by natural phenomena, weather conditions, acts of sabotage, vandalism and terrorism; • security risks, including cybersecurity incidents; • inadvertent damage from construction, vehicles, and farm and utility equipment; • lack of available capacity on interconnecting transportation pipelines; • adverse weather conditions, such as flooding, droughts, freeze-offs, fires, landslides, blizzards and ice storms; • issues related to compliance with environmental regulations; • environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, oil and diesel spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, encountering naturally occurring radioactive materials, and unauthorized discharges of brine, well stimulation and completion fluids, toxic gases or other pollutants into the surface and subsurface environment; • leaks, migrations or losses of natural gas as a result of issues regarding pipeline and/or storage equipment or facilities and, including with respect to storage assets, as a result of undefined boundaries, geologic anomalies, limitations in then-applied industry-standard testing methodologies, operational practices (including as a result of regulatory requirements), natural pressure migration and wellbore migration or other factors relevant to such storage assets; • declines in natural gas, NGLs and oil market prices; • limited availability of financing at acceptable terms; • ongoing litigation or adverse court rulings; • public opposition to our operations; • title, surface access, coal mining and right of way issues; and • limitations in the market for natural gas, NGLs and oil. Any of these risks can cause a delay or suspension of our operations, including our development program or the scheduled development of non-operated wells in which we have a working interest, or result in substantial financial losses, personal injury or loss of life, damage to or destruction of property, natural resources and equipment, pollution, environmental contamination and other regulatory penalties. 34 Table of Contents The location of certain segments of our wells and pipeline systems in or near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the damages resulting from these risks. Accidents or other operating risks have resulted, and in the future could result, in loss of service available to our pipeline customers. Customer impacts arising from service interruptions on segments of our pipeline systems and/or our assets have included and/or may include, without limitation and as applicable, curtailments, limitations on our ability to satisfy customer contractual requirements, obligations to provide reservation charge credits to customers and solicitation of our existing customers by third parties for potential new projects that would compete directly with our existing services. Such circumstances could adversely impact our ability to retain customers and negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Additionally, we cannot control or otherwise influence the development schedule of non-operated wells in which we have a working interest. Adjustments to our planned development schedule or the development schedule of non-operated wells in which we have a working interest could impact our future sales volume, operating revenues and expenses, per unit metrics and capital expenditures. We are subject to risks associated with the operation of our wells, pipelines and facilities. Our business is subject to all of the inherent hazards and risks normally incidental to drilling for, producing, transporting, storing, processing, gathering and compressing natural gas, NGLs and oil, such as fires, explosions, slips, landslides, blowouts, and well cratering; pipe and other equipment and system failures; delays imposed by, or resulting from, compliance with regulatory requirements; formations with abnormal or unexpected pressures; shortages of, or delays in, obtaining equipment, pipe and qualified personnel or in obtaining water and other natural resources for hydraulic fracturing activities; adverse weather conditions, such as freeze offs of wells and pipelines due to cold weather; issues related to compliance with environmental regulations; environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, oil and diesel spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, encountering naturally occurring radioactive materials, and unauthorized releases of brine, well stimulation and completion fluids, wastewater, toxic gases or other pollutants into the environment, especially those that reach surface water or groundwater; inadvertent third-party damage to our assets; and natural disasters. We also face various risks or threats to the operation and security of our or third parties' facilities and infrastructure, such as processing plants, compressor stations and pipelines. Any of these risks could result in substantial losses due to personal injury and/or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, equipment and natural resources, pollution or other environmental damage, loss of hydrocarbons, disruptions to our operations, regulatory investigations and penalties, suspension of our operations, repair and remediation costs, and loss of sensitive confidential information. Moreover, in the event that one or more of these hazards occur, there can be no assurance that a response will be adequate to limit or reduce damage. As a result of these risks, we are also sometimes a defendant in legal proceedings and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. There can be no assurance that the insurance policies we maintain to limit our liability for such losses will be adequate to protect us from all material expenses related to potential future claims for personal injury and property damage or that such levels of insurance will be available in the future at economical prices or to cover all risks. In addition, pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully insurable, and we may elect not to obtain insurance for any or all of these risks if we believe that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented. The occurrence of an event that is not fully covered by insurance could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Additionally, our investment in midstream infrastructure development and maintenance programs is intended, among other items, to connect our wells to other existing gathering and transmission pipelines and can involve significant risks, including those relating to timing, cost overruns and operational inefficiency. Significant portions of our natural gas production are dependent on a small number of key compression and processing stations. An operational issue at any of those stations would materially impact our production, cash flows and results of operation. Significant portions of our assets have been in service for several decades. There could be unknown events or conditions, or increased maintenance or repair expenses and downtime, associated with our assets that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Significant portions of our transmission and storage systems have been in service for several decades. The age and condition of these systems has contributed to, and could result in, adverse events, or increased maintenance or repair expenditures, and downtime associated with increased maintenance or repair activities, as applicable. Any such adverse events or any significant increase in maintenance and repair expenditures or downtime, or related loss of revenue, due to the age or condition of our systems could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 35 Table of Contents Expanding our business by constructing new midstream assets subjects us to construction, business, economic, competitive, regulatory, judicial, environmental, political and legal uncertainties that are beyond our control. The development and construction by us or our joint ventures of pipeline and storage facilities and the optimization of such assets involve numerous construction, business, economic, competitive, regulatory, judicial, environmental, political and legal uncertainties that are beyond our control, require the expenditure of significant amounts of capital and expose us to risks. Those risks include, but are not limited to: • physical construction conditions, such as topographical, or unknown or unanticipated geological, conditions and impediments; • construction site access logistics; • crew availability and productivity and ability to adhere to construction workforce drawdown plans; • adverse weather conditions; • project opposition, including delays caused by landowners, advocacy groups or activists opposed to our projects and/or the natural gas industry through lawsuits or intervention in regulatory proceedings; • evolving regulatory or legal requirements and related impacts therefrom, including additional costs of compliance; • the application of time of year or other regulatory restrictions affecting construction; • failure to meet customer contractual requirements; • environmental conditions; • vandalism and acts of sabotage; • the lack of available skilled labor, equipment and materials (or escalating costs in respect thereof, including as a result of inflation and/or tariffs, particularly on steel and aluminum); • issues regarding availability of or access to connecting infrastructure; and • the inability to obtain necessary rights-of-way or approvals and permits from regulatory agencies on a timely basis or at all (and maintain such rights-of-way, approvals and permits once obtained). Risks inherent in the construction of these types of projects, such as unanticipated geological conditions, challenging terrain in certain of our construction areas and severe or continuous adverse weather conditions, have adversely affected, and in the future could adversely affect, project timing, completion and costs, as well as increase the risk of loss of human life, personal injury, significant damage to property or environmental contamination. Most notably, certain of these risks have been realized in the construction of MVP Mainline, including construction-related risks and adverse weather conditions, and such risks or other risks may be realized in the future which may further adversely affect the timing and/or cost of MVP Mainline, MVP Southgate and MVP Boost. Given such risks and uncertainties, our midstream projects or those of our joint ventures may not be completed on schedule, within budgeted cost or at all. As a further example, public participation, including by pipeline infrastructure opponents, in the review and permitting process of projects, through litigation or otherwise, has previously introduced, and in the future could introduce, uncertainty and adversely affect project timing, completion and cost. Further, civil protests regarding environmental justice, environmental health and safety, and social issues or challenges in project permitting processes related to such issues, including proposed construction and location of infrastructure associated with fossil fuels, poses an increased risk and may lead to increased litigation, legislative and regulatory initiatives and review at federal, state, tribal and local levels of government or permitting delays that could prevent or delay the construction of such infrastructure and realization of associated revenues. Additionally, construction expenditures on projects generally occur over an extended period, yet we will not receive revenues from, or realize any material increases in cash flow as a result of, the relevant project until it is placed into service. Moreover, our cash flow from a project may be delayed or may not meet our expectations, including as a result of taxes which could potentially be calculated based on excess expenditures, inclusive of maintenance, incurred during extended court-driven construction delays. Furthermore, we may construct facilities to capture anticipated future growth in production and/or demand in a region in which such growth does not materialize or is delayed beyond our expectations. As a result, new facilities may not be able to attract enough throughput to achieve our expected investment return. Such issues in respect of the construction of midstream assets could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 36 Table of Contents A terrorist attack or armed conflict targeting our systems or natural gas infrastructure generally could materially adversely impact our operations. Growing geopolitical instability and armed conflicts (including in Venezuela, Russia and Ukraine, and the Middle East) has resulted in energy infrastructure becoming a more prominent target of attack by terrorists and conflicting countries. Natural gas, NGLs and oil related facilities, including those operated by us or our service providers, could be direct targets of physical or cyber-attacks, and, if infrastructure integral to our operations is destroyed or damaged, we may experience a significant disruption in our operations. Any such disruption could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Costs for insurance and other security may increase as a result of increased threats, and certain insurance coverage may become more difficult to obtain, if available at all. Potential physical effects of climate change could disrupt our upstream, midstream and processing activities, cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for or responding to those effects, or otherwise adversely affect our business. Many scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the Earth's atmosphere produce climate changes that may have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, fires, floods, droughts, and other extreme climatic events. If any such effects were to occur, they have the potential to cause physical damage to our assets or affect the availability of water and thus could have an adverse effect on our operations. Potential adverse effects could include disruption of our production activities; delays in getting our and our customers' produced natural gas and NGLs to market or possibly shut-in as a result of physical damage to pipelines, other midstream infrastructure and processing facilities; increases in our costs of operation or reductions in the efficiency of our operations; reduced availability of electrical power, road accessibility, and transportation facilities; impacts on our personnel, supply chain, distribution chain or customers; and potentially increased costs for insurance coverages in the aftermath of such effects. Such physical effects could also adversely affect or delay demand for our products and midstream services or cause us to incur significant costs in preparing for, or responding to, the effects of climatic or weather events themselves. Further, energy demand could increase or decrease as a result of extreme weather conditions. A decrease in energy use due to weather or climatic changes may affect our financial condition through decreased revenues. Any one of these factors has the potential to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. Our ability to mitigate the physical impacts of adverse weather conditions depends in part upon our disaster preparedness and response along with our business continuity planning. Our drilling locations are scheduled out over many years, making them susceptible to uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of when they are drilled, if at all. Our management team has specifically identified and scheduled certain well locations as an estimation of our future multi-year drilling activities on our existing acreage. These well locations represent a significant part of our business strategy. Our ability to drill and develop these locations depends on a number of uncertainties, including natural gas, NGLs and oil prices; the availability and cost of capital; drilling and production costs; the availability of drilling services and equipment; drilling results; lease expirations; topography; gathering system and pipeline transportation costs and constraints; access to and availability of sand and water and corresponding materials sourcing and distribution systems, including railroads; coordination with coal mining; regulatory approvals; and other factors. Because of these uncertain factors, we do not know if the drilling locations we have scheduled will ever be drilled or if we will be able to produce natural gas, NGLs or oil from these or any other drilling locations. In addition, if production is not established within the spacing units covering our undeveloped acres in accordance with the requisite timeframe set forth in the applicable lease, our leases for such acreage will expire. Further, certain of the horizontal wells we intend to drill in the future may require pooling or unitization with adjacent leaseholds controlled by third parties. If these third parties are unwilling to pool or unitize such leaseholds with ours, the total locations we can drill may be limited. As such, our actual drilling activities may materially differ from those presently identified. Failure to timely develop our leased real property could result in increased capital expenditures and/or impairment of our leases. Mineral rights are typically owned by individuals who may enter into property leases with us to allow for the development of natural gas. Such leases expire after an initial term, typically five years, unless certain actions are taken to preserve the lease. If we cannot preserve a lease, the lease terminates. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 5% of our net undeveloped acres are subject to leases that could expire over the next three years. Lack of access to capital, changes in government regulations, changes in future development plans or commodity prices, reduced drilling activity, or the reduction in the fair value of undeveloped properties in the areas in which we operate could impact our ability to preserve, trade or sell our leases prior to their expiration, resulting in the termination or impairment of leases for properties that we have not developed. 37 Table of Contents We evaluate capitalized costs of unproved oil and gas properties at least annually to determine recoverability on a prospective basis. Indicators of potential impairment include changes brought about by economic factors, potential shifts in our business strategy and historical experience. The likelihood of an impairment of unproved oil and gas properties increases as the expiration of a lease term approaches and drilling activity has not commenced. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we recorded impairment and expiration of leases of $51.2 million, $97.4 million and $109.4 million, respectively. Refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We do not own all of the land on which our pipelines and facilities are located, which could disrupt our operations and future development. We do not own all of the land on which our pipelines, storage systems and facilities have been constructed, and we have been, and in the future could be, subject to more onerous terms, and/or increased costs or delays, in attempting (or by virtue of the need to attempt) to acquire or to maintain use rights to land. Although many of these rights are perpetual in nature, we occasionally obtain the rights to construct and operate our pipelines and other facilities on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies for a specific period of time or in a manner in which certain facts could give rise to the presumption of the abandonment of the pipeline or other facilities. As has been the case in the past, if we were to be unsuccessful in negotiating or renegotiating rights-of-way or easements, we might have to institute condemnation proceedings on our FERC-regulated assets, the potential for which may have a negative effect on the timing and/or terms of FERC action on a project's certification application and/or the timing of any authorized activities, or relocate our facilities for non-regulated assets. It is possible that Congress may amend Section 7 of the NGA to limit, modify or remove the ability to utilize condemnation. It is also possible that a court may limit, modify or remove an operator's ability to utilize condemnation under Section 7 of the NGA. A loss of rights-of-way, lease or easements or a relocation of our non-regulated assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. Additionally, even when we own an interest in the land on which our pipelines, storage systems and facilities have been constructed, agreements with correlative rights owners have caused us to, and in the future may require that we, relocate pipelines and facilities or shut in storage systems and facilities to facilitate the development of the correlative rights owners' estate, or pay the correlative rights owners the lost value of their estate if they are not willing to accommodate development. We may incur losses as a result of title defects in the properties we lease. Our inability to cure any title defects in our leases in a timely and cost-efficient manner may delay or prevent us from utilizing the associated mineral interest or developing planned midstream infrastructure, which may adversely impact our ability in the future to increase our production and reserves or meet customer demands for midstream services. The existence of a material title deficiency can render a lease worthless and can adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. The amount and timing of actual future natural gas, NGLs and oil production is difficult to predict and may vary significantly from our estimates, which may reduce our earnings. Because the rate of production from natural gas and oil wells, and associated NGLs, generally declines as reserves are depleted, our future success depends upon our ability to develop additional reserves that are economically recoverable and to optimize existing well production, and our failure to do so may reduce our earnings. Additionally, a failure to effectively and efficiently operate existing wells may cause our production volume to fall short of our projections. Our drilling and subsequent maintenance of wells can involve significant risks, including those related to timing, cost overruns and operational inefficiency, and these risks can be affected by the availability of capital, leases, rigs, equipment, a qualified work force, and adequate capacity for the treatment and recycling or disposal of wastewater generated in our operations, as well as weather conditions, natural gas, NGLs and oil price volatility, regulatory approvals, title and property access problems, geology, equipment failure or accidents and other factors. Drilling for natural gas and oil can be unprofitable, not only due to dry wells, but also as a result of productive wells that perform below expectations or that do not produce sufficient revenues to return a profit. Low natural gas, NGLs and oil prices may further limit the types of reserves that we can develop and produce economically. Except to the extent that we acquire additional properties containing proved reserves, conduct successful exploration and development activities or, through engineering studies, identify additional behind-pipe zones or secondary recovery reserves, our proved reserves will decline as reserves are produced. Our future natural gas, NGLs and oil production, therefore, is highly dependent upon our level of success in acquiring or finding additional reserves that are economically recoverable. We cannot be certain that we will be able to find or acquire and develop additional reserves at an acceptable cost. Without continued successful development or acquisition activities, together with efficient operation of existing wells, our reserves and production, together with associated revenues, will decline as a result of our current reserves being depleted by production. 38 Table of Contents Our proved reserves are estimates that are based on many assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. Any significant change in these underlying assumptions will greatly affect the quantities and present value of our reserves. Reserve engineering is a subjective process involving estimates of underground accumulations of natural gas, NGLs and oil and assumptions concerning future prices, production levels and operating and development costs, some of which are beyond our control. These estimates and assumptions are inherently imprecise, and we may adjust our estimates of proved reserves based on changes in these estimates or assumptions. As a result, estimated quantities of proved reserves and projections of future production rates and the timing of development expenditures may prove to be inaccurate. Any significant variance from our assumptions could greatly affect our estimates of reserves, the economically recoverable quantities of natural gas, NGLs and oil, the classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of future net cash flows. To the extent we experience a sustained period of reduced commodity prices, there is a risk that a portion of our proved reserves could be deemed uneconomic and no longer be classified as proved. Although we believe our estimates are reasonable, actual production, revenues and costs to develop reserves will likely vary from our estimates and these variances could be material. Numerous changes over time to the assumptions on which our reserve estimates are based, as described above, often result in the actual quantities of natural gas, NGLs and oil we ultimately recover being different from our reserve estimates. The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves is not the same as the current market value of our estimated natural gas, NGLs and oil reserves. You should not assume that the standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves is the current market value of our estimated natural gas, NGLs and oil reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, we based the discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves on the twelve-month unweighted arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for the preceding twelve months without giving effect to derivative transactions. Actual future net cash flows from our reserves will be affected by factors such as the actual prices we receive for natural gas, NGLs and oil, the amount, timing and cost of actual production and changes in governmental regulations or taxation. The timing of both our production and our incurrence of expenses in connection with the development and production of oil and gas properties will affect the timing and amount of actual future net revenues from proved reserves, and thus their actual present value. In addition, the 10% discount factor we use when calculating the standardized measure may not be the most appropriate discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with our operations or the natural gas, NGLs and oil industry in general. Natural gas, NGLs and oil price declines, and changes in our development strategy, have resulted in impairment of certain of our assets. Future declines in commodity prices, increases in operating costs or adverse changes in well performance or additional changes in our development strategy may result in additional write-downs of the carrying amounts of our assets, including long-lived intangible assets, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations in future periods. We review the carrying values of our assets for indications of impairment when events or circumstances indicate that the remaining carrying value may not be recoverable. A significant amount of judgment is involved in performing these evaluations because the results are based on estimated future events and estimated future cash flows. The estimated future cash flows used to test our proved oil and gas properties for recoverability are based on proved and, if determined reasonable by management, risk-adjusted probable reserves, utilizing assumptions generally consistent with the assumptions used by our management for internal planning and budgeting purposes. Key assumptions used in our analyses include, among other things, the intended use of the asset, the anticipated production from reserves, future market prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil, future operating and development costs, inflation and the anticipated proceeds that may be received upon divestiture if there is a possibility that the asset will be divested prior to the end of its useful life. Commodity pricing is estimated by using a combination of the three-year NYMEX forward strip prices and assumptions related to gas quality, locational basis adjustments and inflation. Proved oil and gas properties that have carrying amounts in excess of estimated future cash flows are written down to fair value, which is estimated by discounting the estimated future cash flows using discount rate assumptions that marketplace participants would use in their estimates of fair value. 39 Table of Contents Future declines in natural gas, NGLs or oil prices, increases in operating costs or adverse changes in well performance, among other circumstances, may result in our having to make significant future downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves and/or could result in additional non-cash impairment charges to write-down the carrying amount of our assets, including other long-lived intangible assets, which may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in future periods. Any impairment of our assets, including other long-lived intangible assets, would require us to take an immediate charge to earnings. Such charges could be material to our results of operations and could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. See "Critical Accounting Estimates" included in Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our significant accounting policies and assumptions related to accounting for natural gas, NGLs and oil producing activities and impairment of our oil and gas properties. Financial and Market Risks Applicable to Our Business Natural gas, NGLs and oil prices are affected by a number of factors beyond our control, including many of which that are unknown and cannot be anticipated, and we cannot predict with certainty future potential movements in the price for these commodities. Our primary business involves the exploration, production, gathering, transmission and sale of hydrocarbons, and in particular, natural gas. Consequently, our revenue, profitability, future rate of growth, liquidity and financial position depend upon the market prices for natural gas and, to a lesser extent, NGLs and oil. Because our production and reserves predominantly consist of natural gas (approximately 93% of our equivalent proved developed reserves as of December 31, 2025), changes in natural gas prices have a significantly greater impact on our financial results than oil prices. The prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil have historically been volatile and have been particularly volatile in recent years. The daily spot prices for NYMEX Henry Hub natural gas ranged from a high of $9.86 per MMBtu to a low of $2.65 per MMBtu between the period from January 1, 2025 through December 31, 2025, and the daily spot prices for NYMEX WTI oil ranged from a high of $80.73 per barrel to a low of $55.44 per barrel during the same period. NGLs are made up of ethane, propane, isobutane, normal butane and natural gasoline, all of which have different uses and different pricing characteristics, which adds further volatility to the pricing of NGLs. We expect commodity price volatility to continue or increase in the future due to rising macroeconomic uncertainty and geopolitical tensions. Commodity prices are affected by a number of factors beyond our control, which include: • weather conditions and seasonal trends; • the domestic and foreign supply of and demand for natural gas, NGLs and oil; • prevailing prices on local price indexes in the areas in which we operate and expectations about future commodity prices (the market price for natural gas in the Appalachian Basin is typically lower relative to NYMEX Henry Hub as a result of the increased production and supply of natural gas in the Northeast United States); • national and worldwide economic and political conditions, particularly those in, or affecting, other countries which are significant producers of natural gas and/or oil; • new and competing exploratory finds of natural gas, NGLs and oil; • changes in U.S. exports of natural gas, NGLs and oil; • the effect of energy conservation efforts; • the price, availability and consumer demand for alternative fuels; • the availability, proximity, capacity and cost of pipelines, other transportation facilities, and gathering, processing and storage facilities and other factors that result in differentials to benchmark prices; • technological advances affecting energy consumption and production; • the actions of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries; • the level and effect of trading in commodity futures markets, including commodity price speculators and others; • the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and transporting natural gas, NGLs and oil; • risks associated with drilling, completion and upstream operations; and • domestic, local and foreign governmental regulations, tariffs and taxes, including environmental and climate change regulation. 40 Table of Contents We use financial models to attempt to project future prices for the hydrocarbons we produce and sell, and we make decisions regarding our production, operations and hedging strategy in part based on such modeling. However, due to the volatility of commodity prices and the multitude of external factors that impact commodity prices, many of which are unknown and unforeseeable, we are unable to predict with certainty future potential movements in the market prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil. The success of our plans and strategies could be negatively affected if our projections of future hydrocarbon prices are significantly different from the ultimate actual prices. Natural gas, NGLs and oil price volatility, or a prolonged period of low natural gas, NGLs and oil prices, may have an adverse effect on our revenue, profitability, future rate of growth, liquidity and financial position. Prolonged low, and/or significant or extended declines in, natural gas, NGLs and oil prices may adversely affect our revenues, operating income, cash flows, financial projections, and financial position, particularly if we are unable to control our development costs during periods of lower natural gas, NGLs and oil prices. Declines in prices could also adversely affect our drilling activities and the amount of natural gas, NGLs and oil that we can produce economically, which may result in our having to make significant downward adjustments to the value of our assets and could cause us to incur non-cash impairment charges to earnings. Other producers could be similarly impacted by declines in natural gas prices, potentially resulting in decreased demand for our gathering and transmission services, thereby reducing our cash flows from such operations. Reductions in cash flows from lower commodity prices may require us to incur additional debt or reduce our capital spending, which could reduce our production and our reserves, negatively affecting our future rate of growth. Reduced cash flows could also result in us having to make downward adjustments to our financial projections, such as free cash flow, and could cause us to revise our shareholder returns initiatives, including the amount of dividends paid on EQT common stock, which could negatively impact the price of EQT common stock and our ability to access the capital markets. Lower prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil may also adversely affect our credit ratings and result in a reduction in our borrowing capacity and access to other capital. See "Critical Accounting Estimates" included in Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" and Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of our significant accounting policies and assumptions related to accounting for natural gas, NGLs and oil producing activities and impairment of our oil and gas properties. Increases in natural gas, NGLs and oil prices may be accompanied by or result in increased well drilling costs, increased production taxes, increased LOE, increased volatility in seasonal gas price spreads for our storage assets and increased end-user conservation or conversion to alternative fuels. Significant natural gas price increases may subject us to margin calls on our commodity price derivative contracts (hedging arrangements, including swap, collar and option agreements and exchange-traded instruments), which would potentially require us to post significant amounts of cash collateral or letters of credit with our hedge counterparties and would negatively impact our liquidity. The cash collateral provided to our hedge counterparties, which is interest-bearing, is returned to us in whole or in part upon a reduction in forward market prices, depending on the amount of such reduction, or in whole upon settlement of the related derivative contract. To the extent we have hedged our current production at prices below the current market price, we will not benefit fully from an increase in the price of natural gas. Additionally, in recent years, volatility in natural gas prices and prolonged periods of high market prices for natural gas have led to calls by certain politicians to impose a windfall profits tax on natural gas producers, limit or prohibit the volume of LNG exports out of the United States and similar restrictive regulations on natural gas development and sales. While no such regulations have been passed in the United States, continued natural gas price volatility or prolonged high natural gas prices could result in the imposition of certain regulations directed at driving down the market price for natural gas. In the event such regulations are adopted, the price at which we sell our natural gas may be negatively impacted, thereby impacting our sales volume and operating revenues, and demand for our midstream services may decrease, diminishing the cash flows from such operations. We are also exposed to the risk of non-performance by our hedge counterparties in the event that changes, positive or negative, in natural gas prices result in our derivative contracts having a positive fair value in our favor. Further, adverse economic and market conditions could negatively affect the collectability of our trade receivables and cause our hedge counterparties to be unable to perform their obligations or to seek bankruptcy protection. 41 Table of Contents Increased competition from other companies that provide gathering, transmission and storage of natural gas, or from alternative fuel or energy sources, could negatively impact demand for our midstream services, which could adversely affect our financial results. Our ability to renew or replace existing contracts or add new contracts at rates sufficient to maintain or grow our Gathering segment and Transmission segment revenues and cash flows could be adversely affected by the activities of our midstream competitors. Our midstream systems compete primarily with other interstate and intrastate pipelines and storage facilities in the gathering, transmission and storage of natural gas. Some of our competitors have greater financial resources and may be better positioned to compete, including if the midstream industry moves towards greater consolidation. Some of these competitors may expand or construct gathering, transmission and storage systems that would create additional competition for the midstream services we provide to our customers. In addition, certain of our customers have developed or acquired their own gathering infrastructure, and may acquire or develop gathering, transmission or storage infrastructure in the future, which could have a negative impact on the demand for our midstream services depending on the location of such systems relative to our assets and our customers' drilling plans, commodity prices, existing contracts and other factors. The policies of the FERC promoting competition in natural gas markets continue to have the effect of increasing the natural gas transmission and storage options for our customer base. As a result, in the future we could experience "turnback" of firm capacity as existing agreements expire. If we are unable to remarket this capacity or can remarket it only at substantially discounted rates compared to previous contracts, we may have to bear the costs associated with the turned back capacity. Increased competition could reduce the volumes of natural gas transported or stored on our systems or, in cases where we do not have long-term firm contracts, could force us to lower our transmission or storage rates. Further, natural gas as a fuel competes with other forms of energy available to end-users, including coal, liquid fuels and, increasingly, renewable and alternative energy. Increases, whether driven by legislation, regulation or consumer preferences, in the availability and demand for renewable and alternative energy at the expense of natural gas (or increases in the demand for other sources of energy relative to natural gas based on price and other factors) could adversely affect the customers of our midstream services and lead to a reduction in demand for our natural gas gathering, transmission and storage services. In addition, competition, including from renewable and alternative energy, could intensify the negative impact of factors that decrease demand for natural gas in the markets served by our systems, such as adverse economic conditions, weather, higher fuel costs and taxes or other governmental or regulatory actions that directly or indirectly increase the cost or limit the use of natural gas. All of these competitive pressures could make it more difficult for us to retain our existing customers and/or attract new customers and/or additional volumes from existing customers as we seek to maintain and expand our midstream operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We may not be able to renew or replace expiring gathering, transmission or storage contracts at favorable rates, on a long-term basis or at all, and disagreements have occurred and may arise with contractual counterparties on the interpretation of existing or future contractual terms. One of our exposures to market risk occurs at the time our existing gathering, transmission and storage contracts expire and are subject to renegotiation and renewal. As these contracts expire, we may have to negotiate extensions or renewals with existing customers or enter into new contracts with existing customers or other customers. We may be unable to do so on favorable commercial terms, if at all. Further, we also may be unable to maintain the economic structure of a particular contract with an existing customer or the overall mix of our contract portfolio. The extension or renewal of existing contracts and entry into new contracts depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including, but not limited to: (i) the level of existing and new competition to provide services to our markets; (ii) macroeconomic factors affecting natural gas economics for our current and potential customers; (iii) the balance of supply and demand, on a short-term, seasonal and long-term basis, in our markets; (iv) the extent to which the customers in our markets are willing to contract on a long-term basis or require capacity on our systems; (v) customers' existing and future downstream commitments; and (vi) the effects of federal, state or local regulations on the contracting practices of our customers and us. Additionally, disagreements may arise with contractual counterparties on the interpretation of contractual provisions, including during the negotiation, for example, of contract amendments required to be entered into upon the occurrence of specified events. 42 Table of Contents Any failure to extend or replace a significant portion of our existing gathering, transmission and storage contracts, or extending or replacing such contracts at unfavorable or lower rates or with lower or no associated firm reservation fee revenues, or other disadvantageous terms relative to the prior contract structure, or disagreements or disputes on the interpretation of existing or future contractual terms, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. We may not be able to increase our customer throughput and resulting revenue due to competition and other factors, which could limit our ability to grow our Gathering segment and Transmission segment. Our ability to increase our customer-subscribed pipeline capacity and throughput and resulting revenue is subject to numerous factors beyond our control, including competition from other producers' existing contractual obligations to competitors, the location of our assets relative to those of competitors for existing or potential midstream customers (or such customers' own midstream assets), takeaway capacity constraints out of the Appalachian Basin, commodity prices, producers' optionality in utilizing our (relative to third-party) systems to fill downstream commitments, and the extent to which we have available capacity when and where shippers require it. To the extent we lack available capacity on our systems for volumes, or we cannot economically increase capacity, we may not be able to compete effectively with third-party systems for additional natural gas production in our areas of operation, and capacity constraints, as well as commodity prices, may, as has occurred in the past, adversely affect the degree to which natural gas production occurs in the Appalachian Basin, and relatedly the degree to which our midstream systems are utilized. Our efforts to attract new midstream customers or larger commitments from existing customers may be adversely affected by our desire to provide services pursuant to long-term firm contracts and contracts with MVCs. Our potential midstream customers may prefer to obtain services under other forms of contractual arrangements which could require volumetric exposure or potentially direct commodity exposure, and we may not be willing to agree to such other forms of contractual arrangements. A substantial majority of the services we provide on our transmission and storage systems are subject to long-term, fixed-price "negotiated rate" contracts that are subject to limited or no adjustment, even if our cost to perform such services exceeds the revenues received from such contracts, and, as a result, our costs could exceed our revenues received under such contracts, we could be unable to achieve the expected investment return under such contracts, and/or our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows could be adversely affected. It is possible that costs to perform services under our midstream contracts with "negotiated rates" could exceed the negotiated rates we have agreed to with our customers. If this occurs, it could decrease the cash flow realized by our midstream systems and, therefore, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Under FERC policy, a regulated service provider and a customer may mutually agree to a "negotiated rate," and that contract must be filed with and accepted by the FERC. As of December 31, 2025, approximately 95% of our Transmission segment's contracted firm transmission capacity was subscribed under negotiated rate agreements. Unless the parties to these "negotiated rate" contracts agree otherwise, the contracts generally may not be adjusted to account for increased costs that could be caused by inflation, GHG emission cost (such as carbon taxes, fees, or assessments) or other factors relating to the specific facilities being used to perform the services. A financial crisis or deterioration in general economic, business or geopolitical conditions could materially adversely affect our operations and financial condition. Concerns over global economic conditions, stock market volatility, energy costs, geopolitical issues (including in and relating to Venezuela, Russia and Ukraine, and the Middle East), potential tariffs imposed by the United States or other countries on goods and natural resources, including natural gas and LNG, inflation and U.S. Federal Reserve interest rate adjustments in response thereto, and the availability and cost of credit, have contributed and may continue to contribute to increased economic uncertainty and diminished expectations for the global economy. Global economic conditions, geopolitical issues and inflation have constrained global and domestic supply chains, which has impacted and could in the future continue to impact our ability to develop our reserves in accordance with our drilling and completions schedule and could impact the development schedule of our midstream customers, thereby resulting in decreased demand for, and revenue from, our midstream services. Additionally, global economic conditions have a significant impact on commodity prices and any stagnation or deterioration in global economic conditions could result in decreased demand and, thus, lower prices for natural gas, NGLs or oil. Such uncertainty could also result in higher natural gas, NGLs and oil prices, which could potentially result in increased inflation worldwide and could negatively impact demand for natural gas, NGLs and oil. 43 Table of Contents Developments related to climate change may expedite a transition away from the use of carbon-intensive sources for energy generation and products derived from certain fossil fuels, which could have a material and adverse effect on us if we are not able to demonstrate that our products and services align with a low-carbon transition. Governmental and regulatory bodies, investors, consumers, industry participants and other stakeholders have been increasingly focused on combating the effects of climate change. This focus, together with changes in consumer, industrial and commercial behavior, preferences and attitudes with respect to the generation and consumption of energy, and the use of products manufactured with, or powered by, fossil fuels, has led to, and in the long-term is anticipated to continue to result in, (i) the enactment of climate change-related regulations, policies and initiatives, including enhanced disclosure obligations, (ii) technological advances with respect to the generation, transmission, storage and consumption of energy, and (iii) increased consumer, industrial and commercial demand for low-carbon energy sources and products manufactured with, or powered by, demonstrably low carbon-intensive sources. This has in turn led to increased scrutiny over the carbon intensity of various fossil fuels, including the natural gas and NGLs that we produce, transport and sell. If we are not able to demonstrate that our products and services align with a transition to a low-carbon economy, the demand and prices for our products and services could be negatively impacted depending on the pace of such transition and potential future demands for low-carbon products. Such developments may also adversely impact, among other things, the availability of third-party services and facilities that we rely on, which may increase our operational costs and adversely affect our ability to successfully carry out our business strategy. Climate change-related developments may also impact the market prices of, or our access to, raw materials such as energy, iron, sand and water and therefore result in increased costs to our business. Further, there have been efforts to influence the investment community, including investment advisors, insurance companies, and certain sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds and other groups, to divest themselves of fossil fuel equities and limit funding and insurance coverage to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves, which if successful, could adversely affect the demand and price of our securities and make it more difficult or expensive to secure funding for our activities. Limitation of investments in and financings for energy companies could also result in the restriction, delay or cancellation of infrastructure projects and energy production activities. Finally, claims have been made against certain energy companies alleging that GHG emissions from oil and natural gas operations constitute a public nuisance under federal and/or state common law or alleging that the companies have been aware of the adverse effects of climate change for some time but failed to adequately disclose such impacts to their investors or customers. As a result, private individuals or public entities may seek to enforce environmental laws and regulations against us and could allege personal injury, property damages or other liabilities. We could be named in actions making similar allegations. An unfavorable ruling in any such case could significantly impact our operations and could have an adverse impact on our financial condition. We may not be able to successfully execute our plan to deleverage our business or otherwise reduce our debt level, which could adversely affect our operating flexibility, business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. In 2024, we published, and in 2025 we updated, our Debt Retirement Plan. We intend to fund our Debt Retirement Plan through asset monetizations and free cash flow; however, there can be no assurance that we will be able to generate sufficient monetization proceeds and free cash flow to execute our Debt Retirement Plan on our anticipated timeframe, if at all. Our ability to de-lever and the pace thereof will depend on our future financial and operating performance, which will be affected by the prevailing economic conditions and financial, business, regulatory and other factors, as well as the MVP Joint Venture's ability to execute on project-level financing, some of which are beyond our control. If we are not able to successfully execute our Debt Retirement Plan or otherwise reduce our debt to a level we believe appropriate, our credit ratings may be lowered, we may reduce or delay our planned capital expenditures or investments, and we may revise our shareholder returns strategy or other strategic plans. 44 Table of Contents Our substantial debt obligations could have significant adverse consequences on our business and future prospects, and restrictions in our debt agreements could limit our operating flexibility, growth and ability to engage in certain activities. As of December 31, 2025, we had $7.8 billion of debt outstanding, and we may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Increases in our level of indebtedness may: • require us to use a substantial portion of our cash flow to make debt service payments, which will reduce the funds that would otherwise be available for our operations, future business opportunities, and our shareholder returns strategy; • limit our operating flexibility due to financial and other restrictive covenants, including restrictions on incurring additional debt, making certain investments and paying dividends; • place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors with lower debt service obligations; • depending on the levels of our outstanding debt, limit our ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, general corporate and other purposes; and • increase our vulnerability to downturns in our business or the economy, including declines in prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil. In addition, our level of indebtedness may be viewed negatively by credit rating agencies and our credit ratings may be lowered. Changes in our credit ratings may affect our access to the capital markets, the cost of short-term debt through interest rates and fees under our lines of credit, the interest rate on our revolving credit facilities and our senior notes with adjustable rates, the rates available on new debt, our pool of investors and funding sources, and the borrowing costs and margin deposit requirements on our OTC derivative instruments and credit assurance requirements, including collateral, in support of our midstream service contracts, joint venture arrangements or construction contracts. As of February 11, 2026, our senior notes were rated "Baa3" with a "Stable" outlook by Moody's Investors Services (Moody's), "BBB–" with a "Stable" outlook by Standard & Poor's Ratings Service (S&P) and "BBB–" with a "Stable" outlook by Fitch Ratings Service (Fitch). Although we are not aware of any current plans of Moody's, S&P or Fitch to downgrade its rating of our senior notes, we cannot be assured that one or more of these rating agencies will not downgrade or withdraw entirely its rating of our senior notes. Low prices for natural gas, NGLs and oil, an increase in the level of our indebtedness or other factors may result in Moody's, S&P or Fitch downgrading its rating of our senior notes. Changes in credit ratings may affect our access to the capital markets, the cost of short-term debt through interest rates and fees under our lines of credit, the interest rate on our senior notes with adjustable rates, the rates available on new debt, our pool of investors and funding sources, the borrowing costs and margin deposit requirements on our OTC derivative instruments and credit assurance requirements, including collateral, in support of our midstream service contracts, joint venture arrangements or construction contracts. Our debt agreements require us to comply with certain covenants. For more information about our debt agreements, read "Capital Resources and Liquidity" in Item 7., "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." If the price that we receive for our natural gas, NGLs and oil production deteriorates from current levels and continues for an extended period, or if demand for our midstream services decreases for a prolonged period, it could lead to reduced revenues, cash flow and earnings, which in turn could lead to a default due to lack of covenant compliance. If the payment of the debt is accelerated, our assets may be insufficient to repay such debt in full, and in turn our shareholders could experience a partial or total loss of their investment. EQT's revolving credit facility, Eureka Midstream, LLC's (Eureka) revolving credit facility and certain of our senior notes each contain a cross-default provision that applies to a default related to any other indebtedness the applicable borrower may have with an aggregate principal amount in excess of a specified threshold as set forth in the applicable debt documents. Our operations have substantial capital requirements, and we may not be able to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms. Our business is capital intensive. We make and expect to continue to make substantial capital expenditures for the development and acquisition of natural gas, NGLs and oil reserves, as well as processing facilities, pipelines and related infrastructure. Additionally, the construction of additions or modifications to our existing midstream systems involves numerous regulatory, environmental, political and legal uncertainties beyond our control and may require the expenditure of significant amounts of capital. If these projects are undertaken, they may not be completed on schedule, at the budgeted cost or at all. The construction of additions to our existing assets may require us to obtain new land rights and regulatory permits prior to constructing new pipelines or facilities, which may not be obtained in a timely, cost-effective fashion or in a way that allows us to connect new natural gas supplies to existing gathering pipelines or capitalize on other attractive expansion opportunities. 45 Table of Contents We typically fund our capital expenditures with existing cash and cash generated by operations and, to the extent our capital expenditures exceed our cash resources, from borrowings under EQT's revolving credit facility and other external sources of capital. If we do not have sufficient borrowing availability under EQT's revolving credit facility, we may seek alternate debt or equity financing, sell assets or reduce our capital expenditures. The issuance of additional indebtedness would require that a portion of our cash flows from operations be used for the payment of interest and principal on our indebtedness, thereby reducing our ability to use cash flows from operations to fund working capital, capital expenditures, shareholder returns initiatives and acquisitions. The actual amount and timing of our future capital expenditures may differ materially from our estimates as a result of, among other things, natural gas prices, actual drilling results, the availability of drilling rigs and other services and equipment, and regulatory, technological and competitive developments. Our cash flows from operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including: • our level of proved reserves and production; • the level of hydrocarbons we are able to produce from existing wells; • our access to, and the cost of accessing, end markets for our production; • the prices at which our production is sold; • our ability to acquire, locate and produce new reserves; • our ability to obtain and/or maintain necessary rights-of-way, real estate rights or permits or other government approvals, including approvals by regulatory agencies; • our ability to successfully integrate the infrastructure we build or acquire with our existing systems; • our success in securing or maintaining adequate customer commitments for our midstream services, including to use newly expanded facilities; • the levels of our operating expenses; and • our ability to access the public or private capital markets or borrow under EQT's revolving credit facility. If our cash flows from operations or the borrowing capacity under EQT's revolving credit facility are insufficient to fund our capital expenditures and we are unable to obtain the capital necessary for our planned capital budget or our operations, we could be required to curtail our operations and the development of our properties and infrastructure projects, which in turn could lead to a decline in our reserves, production, and demand for our midstream services, and could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position. We are subject to financing and interest rate exposure risks. Our business and operating results can be adversely affected by increases in interest rates or other increases in the cost of capital resulting from a reduction in our credit ratings or otherwise. These changes could cause our cost of doing business to increase, limit our ability to pursue acquisition opportunities, reduce cash flows used for operating and capital expenditures and place us at a competitive disadvantage. Disruptions or volatility in the financial markets may lead to a contraction in credit availability. A significant reduction in the availability of credit could materially and adversely affect our ability to implement our business strategy and achieve favorable operating results. In addition, we are exposed to credit risk related to EQT's revolving credit facility to the extent that one or more of our lenders may be unable to provide necessary funding to us under EQT's existing line of credit if we experience liquidity problems. Derivative transactions may limit our potential gains and involve other risks. To manage our exposure to price risk, we currently and may in the future enter into derivative arrangements, utilizing commodity derivatives with respect to a portion of our future production. Such hedges are designed to lock in prices in order to limit volatility and increase the predictability of cash flow. These transactions limit our potential gains if natural gas, NGLs and oil prices rise above the price established by the hedge, and we may be required to post cash collateral or letters of credit with our hedge counterparties to the extent our liability under the derivative contract exceeds specified thresholds, which would negatively impact our liquidity. We have previously sustained losses as a result of certain of our derivative arrangements, and we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. In addition, derivative transactions may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances in which our production is less than expected or an event materially impacts natural gas, NGLs or oil prices or the relationship between the hedged price index and the natural gas, NGLs or oil sales price. 46 Table of Contents We cannot be certain that any derivative transaction we may enter into will adequately protect us from declines in the prices of natural gas, NGLs or oil. Furthermore, where we choose not to engage in derivative transactions in the future, we may be more adversely affected by changes in natural gas, NGLs or oil prices than our competitors who engage in derivative transactions. Lower natural gas, NGLs and oil prices may also negatively impact our ability to enter into derivative contracts at favorable prices. Derivative transactions also expose us to a risk of financial loss if a counterparty fails to perform under a derivative contract or enters bankruptcy or encounters some other similar proceeding or liquidity constraint. In this case, we may not be able to collect all or a significant portion of amounts owed to us by the distressed entity or entities. During periods of falling commodity prices, our hedge receivable positions increase, which increases our exposure. If the creditworthiness of our counterparties deteriorates and results in their nonperformance, we could incur a significant loss. Risks Associated with Our Human Capital, Technology and Other Resources and Service Providers Strategic determinations, including the allocation of resources to strategic opportunities, are challenging, and our failure to appropriately allocate resources among our strategic opportunities may adversely affect our financial position and reduce our future prospects. Our future prospects are dependent upon our ability to identify optimal strategies for our business. Our operational strategy focuses on developing several multi-well pads in tandem through a process known as combo-development. In addition, we are pursuing opportunities geared at enhancing our core operational strategy, including LNG exports, midstream growth projects, the development of data centers and other energy-adjacent or infrastructure-oriented initiatives, as well as sustainability and energy transition initiatives. We have allocated a substantial portion of our financial, human capital and other resources to pursuing our strategy and these initiatives, including investing in new technologies and equipment, restructuring our workforce, building and acquiring new infrastructure, entering into new commercial arrangements, and pursuing projects that may involve new markets, counterparties, regulatory regimes and execution risks. We may not realize some or any of the anticipated strategic, financial, operational, environmental and other anticipated benefits from our operational strategy or strategic initiatives and the corresponding investments we have made in pursuing such opportunities. Our strategic initiatives may expose us to risks that differ from or exceed those associated with our traditional operations. Such projects may be delayed, cost more than expected, fail to reach final investment decisions, fail to achieve commercial operations, or be terminated altogether, and even if completed, may not generate the expected returns or cash flows. Additionally, we cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully execute combo-development projects, LNG export initiatives, midstream growth projects, data center development or other strategic projects at the pace and scale that we project, which may delay or reduce our production, reserves, revenues or expected benefits therefrom. If we fail to identify and successfully execute optimal business strategies, including the appropriate operational strategy and corresponding initiatives, or fail to optimize our capital investments and the use of our other resources in furtherance of optimal business strategies, our financial position and growth may be adversely affected. Moreover, economic or other circumstances may change from those contemplated by our business plans, and our failure to recognize or respond to those changes may limit our ability to achieve our objectives. Cyber incidents targeting our digital work environment or other technologies or energy infrastructure may adversely impact our operations. Our business and the natural gas industry in general have become increasingly dependent upon digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications, and the maintenance of our financial and other records has long been dependent upon such technologies. We depend on this technology to record and store data, estimate quantities of natural gas, NGLs and oil reserves, analyze and share operating data and communicate internally and externally. Computers and mobile devices control nearly all of the natural gas, NGLs and oil distribution systems in the U.S., which are necessary to transport our products to market. 47 Table of Contents The U.S. government has issued public warnings that indicate that energy assets might be specific targets of cyber or other security or physical threats, and the continuing armed conflict between Russia and Ukraine and associated economic sanctions on Russia, as well as evolving geopolitical unrest in other parts of the world, may have increased the likelihood of such threats. We can provide no assurance that we will not suffer such attacks in the future. Deliberate attacks on, or unintentional events affecting, our digital work environment or other technologies and infrastructure, the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud could lead to corruption or loss of our proprietary data and potentially sensitive data, delays in production or delivery of natural gas, NGLs and oil, difficulty in completing and settling transactions, challenges in maintaining our books and records, communication interruptions, environmental damage, personal injury, property damage, other operational disruptions and third-party liability. Further, as cyber incidents continue to evolve and cyber attackers become more sophisticated, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyber incidents. The cost to remedy an unintended dissemination of sensitive information or data may be significant. Furthermore, the continuing and evolving threat of cyber-attacks has resulted in increased regulatory focus on prevention. To the extent we face increased regulatory requirements, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to meet such requirements. The unavailability or high cost of additional drilling rigs, completion services, equipment, supplies, personnel, and oilfield services could adversely affect our ability to execute our operating and development plans within our budget and on a timely basis. The demand for qualified and experienced field personnel to drill wells and conduct field operations, geologists, geophysicists, engineers, and other professionals in the natural gas and oil industry can fluctuate significantly, often in correlation with natural gas and oil prices, causing periodic shortages or higher costs. Historically, there have been shortages of personnel and equipment as demand for personnel and equipment has increased along with the number of wells being drilled. We cannot predict whether these conditions will exist in the future and, if so, what their timing and duration will be. Such shortages could delay or cause us to incur significant expenditures that are not provided for in our capital budget, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial position. Our ability to drill for and produce natural gas is dependent on the availability of adequate supplies of water for drilling and completion operations and access to water and waste disposal or recycling services at a reasonable cost and in accordance with applicable environmental rules. Restrictions on our ability to obtain water or dispose of produced water and other waste may adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. The hydraulic fracture stimulation process on which we depend to drill and complete natural gas wells requires the use and disposal of significant quantities of water. Our ability to access sources of water and the availability of disposal alternatives to receive all of the water produced from our wells and used in hydraulic fracturing may affect our drilling and completion operations. Our inability to secure sufficient amounts of water, or to dispose of or recycle the water used in our operations, or to timely obtain water sourcing permits or other rights, could adversely affect our operations. Additionally, the imposition of new, or modification of existing, environmental initiatives and regulations could include restrictions on our ability to obtain water or dispose of waste, which would adversely affect our business and results of operations, which could result in decreased cash flows. In addition, federal and state regulatory agencies have investigated the possible connection between the operation of injection wells used for natural gas and oil waste disposal and increased seismic activity in certain areas. In some cases, operators of injection wells in the vicinity of seismic events have been ordered to reduce injection volume or suspend operations. Increased regulation and attention given to induced seismicity in the states where we operate could lead to restrictions on our disposal well injection volume and increased scrutiny of and delay in obtaining new disposal well permits, which could result in increased operating costs that could be material, or a curtailment of our operations. The loss of key personnel could adversely affect our ability to execute our strategic, operational and financial plans. Our operations are dependent upon key management and technical personnel, and one or more of these individuals could leave our employment. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of these individuals could have a detrimental effect on us. In addition, the success of our operations will depend, in part, on our ability to identify, attract, develop and retain experienced personnel. There is competition within our industry for experienced technical personnel and certain other professionals, which could increase the costs associated with identifying, attracting and retaining such personnel. If we cannot identify, attract, develop and retain our technical and professional personnel or attract additional experienced technical and professional personnel, our ability to compete in our industry could be harmed. 48 Table of Contents If third-party pipelines and other facilities interconnected to our pipelines and facilities become unavailable to transport or process natural gas or do not accept deliveries of natural gas from us, our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations could be adversely affected. We depend on third-party pipelines and other facilities that provide receipt and delivery options to and from our transmission and storage systems. For example, our storage system and the MVP Joint Venture's transmission system interconnect, as applicable, with the following third-party interstate pipelines: Transcontinental Gas Pipe Line Company, LLC, East Tennessee Natural Gas, Texas Eastern, Eastern Gas Transmission, Columbia Gas Transmission, Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company, Rockies Express Pipeline LLC, National Fuel Gas Supply Corporation and ET Rover Pipeline, LLC, as well as multiple distribution companies. Similarly, our gathering systems have multiple delivery interconnects to multiple interstate pipelines. In the event that our or the MVP Joint Venture's access to such systems is impaired (or any third-party refuses to accept our or any of the MVP Joint Venture's deliveries), our or the MVP Joint Venture's operations could be adversely affected, resulting in adverse economic impact to us or the MVP Joint Venture. Because we do not own these third-party pipelines or facilities, their continuing operation and access requirements are not within our control. If these or any other pipeline connections or facilities were to become unavailable for current or future volumes of natural gas due to repairs, damage to the facility, lack of capacity or any other reason, our or the MVP Joint Venture's ability to operate efficiently and ship natural gas to end markets could be restricted, as has occurred in the past. Any temporary or permanent interruption at any key pipeline interconnect or facility could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows, and results of operations. Substantially all of our producing properties and midstream infrastructure are concentrated in the Appalachian Basin, making us vulnerable to risks associated with operating primarily in one major geographic area. Substantially all of our producing properties and midstream infrastructure are geographically concentrated in the Appalachian Basin. As a result of this concentration, we may be disproportionately exposed to the impact of regional supply and demand factors, delays or interruptions of production from wells in these areas caused by, and costs associated with, governmental regulation, state and local political activities, processing or transportation capacity constraints, market limitations, availability of equipment and personnel, water shortages or other weather-related conditions, interruption of the processing or transportation of natural gas, NGLs or oil and changes in state and local laws, judicial precedents, political regimes and regulations. Such conditions could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. In addition, a number of areas within the Appalachian Basin have historically been subject to mining operations. For example, third parties may engage in subsurface coal and other mining operations near or under our properties, which could cause subsidence or other damage to our properties, adversely impact our drilling operations or adversely impact third-party midstream activities on which we rely. In such event, our operations may be impaired or interrupted, and we may not be able to recover the costs incurred as a result of temporary shut-ins or the plugging and abandonment of any of our wells. Furthermore, the existence of mining operations near our properties could require coordination to avoid adverse impacts as a result of drilling and mining in close proximity. These restrictions on our operations, and any similar restrictions, could cause delays or interruptions or prevent us from executing our business strategy, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. Due to the concentrated nature of our portfolio of natural gas properties and midstream assets, a number of our properties and demand for our midstream services could experience any of the same conditions at the same time, resulting in a relatively greater impact on our results of operations than they might have on other companies that have a more diversified portfolio of assets. 49 Table of Contents Legal and Regulatory Risks Negative public perception regarding us and/or our industry, and increasing scrutiny of environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters, could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations and damage our reputation. Our operations, projects and growth opportunities require us to have strong relationships with various key stakeholders, including our shareholders, employees, suppliers, customers, local communities and others. However, opposition towards oil and natural gas drilling and pipeline construction generally has been growing globally. Failure to successfully manage expectations across these varied stakeholder interests could erode our stakeholder trust and thereby affect our reputation. Negative public perception regarding us and/or our industry may adversely affect our ability to successfully carry out our operations and business strategy. Such negative perception could, for example, adversely affect our access to and cost of capital and lead to increased litigation and regulatory, legislative and judicial scrutiny, which may, in turn, lead to new local, state and federal laws, regulations, guidelines and enforcement interpretations in safety, environmental, royalty and surface use areas. These actions may cause operational delays or restrictions, increased operating costs, additional regulatory burdens and increased risk of litigation. Moreover, governmental authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing and scope of permit issuance and the public may engage in the permitting process, including through intervention in the courts. Negative public perception could cause the permits we need to conduct our operations to be withheld, delayed, challenged or burdened by requirements that restrict our ability to profitably conduct our business. In addition, anti-development activists are working to, among other things, reduce access to federal and state government lands and delay or cancel certain operations, such as drilling and pipeline construction. If activism against oil and natural gas exploration and development persists or increases, there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Moreover, while we publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG and sustainability matters from time to time, some of the statements in those voluntary disclosures may be based on hypothetical expectations and assumptions that may or may not be representative of current or actual risks or events or forecasts of expected risks or events, including the costs associated therewith. Such expectations and assumptions are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach to identifying, measuring and reporting on many ESG and sustainability matters. In addition, organizations that provide information to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed ratings processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG and sustainability matters. Such ratings are used by some investors to inform their investment and voting decisions. Unfavorable ESG or sustainability ratings could lead to increased negative investor sentiment towards us and our industry and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a negative impact on our stock price and our access to and cost of capital. In addition, failure or a perception (whether or not valid) of failure to implement our sustainability strategy or achieve sustainability goals and targets we have set, could damage our reputation, causing our investors or consumers to lose confidence in our company, and negatively impact our operations. Our continuing efforts to research, establish, accomplish and accurately report on the implementation of our sustainability strategy, including any climate or other sustainability goals, may also create additional operational risks and expenses and expose us to reputational, legal and other risks. For example, growing interest on the part of investors and regulators in ESG factors and increased demand for, and scrutiny of, ESG and sustainability-related disclosure by stakeholders has also increased the risk that companies could be perceived as, or accused of, making inaccurate or misleading statements regarding their ESG and sustainability-related claims, goals, targets, efforts or initiatives, often referred to as "greenwashing." Such perception or allegation could damage our reputation and result in litigation or regulatory actions. In addition, regulations requiring the disclosure of GHG emissions and other climate-related information or information substantiating climate-related claims are being adopted or proposed at the state level (e.g., although subject to ongoing legal challenges and certain requirements are currently enjoined, California has enacted legislation that will ultimately require certain companies that do business in California to disclose certain climate-related information, with third-party assurance of such data, and climate-related financial risks and related mitigation measures). If we become subject to such regulations, we may incur additional compliance and reporting costs, which may adversely affect our future business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. 50 Table of Contents Laws and regulations directed at restricting emissions of methane and other GHGs could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the natural gas, NGLs and oil that we produce and our midstream systems service. In response to findings that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other GHGs present an endangerment to public health and the environment, numerous laws and regulations have been adopted, and more are being considered, to regulate the emission of carbon dioxide, methane and other GHGs. For example, in recent years, the EPA has proposed and adopted amendments to existing rules as well as new rules directed at restricting the amount of methane and other GHG emissions from new and existing oil and natural gas production and natural gas processing and transmission facilities. Additionally, a number of U.S. state and regional efforts have emerged that are aimed at tracking and/or reducing GHG emissions by means of carbon taxes, policies and incentives to encourage the use of renewable energy or alternative low-carbon fuels, the development of GHG incentives, cap-and-trade programs that typically require major sources of GHG emissions, such as electric power plants, to acquire and surrender emission allowances in return for emitting GHGs. Regulations requiring the disclosure of GHG emissions and other climate-related information or information substantiating climate-related claims are also increasingly being adopted or proposed at the federal and state level. However, in February 2026, the EPA issued a pre-publication copy of a final rule to rescind the Endangerment Finding, which has been the foundation for regulating GHG emissions. Without the Endangerment Finding, the EPA may assert that it lacks authority under the CAA to prescribe emissions standards. The potential impact of the final rule, potential subsequent revisions to existing emission standards, and outcome of related litigation remain uncertain. See Item 1., "Business – Regulation – Environmental, Health and Safety Regulations-Climate Change and Regulation of Methane and Other Greenhouse Gas Emissions" for more information regarding laws and regulations relating to emissions of methane and other GHGs. At the international level, in December 2015, the 21st Conference of the Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change resulted in nearly 200 countries, including the United States, coming together to develop the Paris Agreement, which calls for the signatories to the agreement to undertake "ambitious efforts" to limit increases in the average global temperature. Although the agreement does not create any binding obligations for nations to limit their GHG emissions, it does require pledges to voluntarily limit or reduce future emissions. In January 2026, the United States withdrew from the Paris Agreement and announced that it will be withdrawing from the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. Nonetheless, various state and local governments have publicly committed to furthering the goals of the Paris Agreement and many of these initiatives are expected to continue. The full impact of these actions and initiatives remains uncertain at this time. See Item 1., "Business – Regulation – Environmental, Health and Safety Regulations-Climate Change and Regulation of Methane and Other Greenhouse Gas Emissions" for more information. It is not possible at this time to predict how legislation or regulations that may be adopted to reduce or restrict methane and other GHG emissions would impact our business. However, any legislation or regulatory programs at the international, federal, state or city levels designed to reduce methane or other GHG emissions could increase the cost of consuming, and thereby reduce demand for, the natural gas, NGLs and oil we produce and our midstream systems service. Existing laws and regulations and any future laws and regulations of this nature, including those imposing reporting obligations, or imposing a tax or fee or otherwise limiting emissions of methane or other GHGs from our equipment and operations could require us to incur costs to comply with such regulations, including costs to monitor and report on GHG emissions, install new equipment to reduce emissions of GHGs associated with our operations, acquire emissions allowances or comply with new regulatory requirements. Substantial limitations or taxes or fees on methane or other GHG emissions, as well as other regulatory incentives or requirements to conserve energy, use alternative sources or reduce GHG emissions in product supply chains, could also adversely affect demand for the natural gas, NGLs and oil we produce and our midstream systems service, stimulate demand for alternative forms of energy that do not rely on combustion of fossil fuels, and lower the value of our reserves. We may also face increased litigation risks arising from climate-related disclosures required by regulations. In addition, enhanced climate disclosure could accelerate the trend of certain stakeholders and lenders restricting or seeking more stringent conditions with respect to their investments in certain carbon-intensive sectors. Consequently, legislation and regulatory programs addressing climate change or methane and other GHG emissions could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 51 Table of Contents The regulatory approval process for the construction of new transmission assets is very challenging, and, as demonstrated with MVP Mainline, has resulted in significantly increased costs and delayed targeted in-service dates, and decisions by regulatory and/or judicial authorities in pending or potential proceedings relevant to the development of midstream assets, such as regarding MVP Southgate, MVP Boost and/or other expansions or extensions of MVP Mainline, are likely to impact our or the MVP Joint Venture's ability to obtain or maintain in effect all approvals and authorizations, including as may be necessary to complete certain projects in a timely manner or at all, or our ability to achieve the expected investment returns on the projects. Certain of our projects require regulatory approval from federal, state and/or local authorities prior to and/or in the course of construction, including any extensions from, expansions of or additions to our and the MVP Joint Venture's gathering, transmission and storage systems, as applicable. The approval process for certain projects has become increasingly slower and more difficult, due in part to federal, state and local concerns related to exploration and production, transmission and gathering activities and associated environmental impacts, and the increasingly negative public perception regarding, and opposition to, the oil and gas industry, including major pipeline projects like MVP Mainline, MVP Southgate and MVP Boost. Further, regulatory approvals and authorizations, even when obtained, have increasingly been subject to judicial challenge by activists requesting that issued approvals and authorizations be stayed and vacated. Accordingly, authorizations needed for our or the MVP Joint Venture's projects, including any expansion of MVP Mainline, MVP Southgate, MVP Boost or other extensions, may not be granted or, if granted, such authorizations may include burdensome or expensive conditions or may later be stayed or revoked or vacated, as was repeatedly the case with the construction of MVP Mainline. Significant delays in the regulatory approval process for projects, as well as stays and losses of critical authorizations and permits, should they be experienced, have the potential to significantly increase costs, delay targeted in-service dates and/or affect operations for projects (among other adverse effects), as has happened with MVP Mainline and the originally certificated MVP Southgate project, and could occur in the future in the case of authorizations required for our or the MVP Joint Venture's current or future projects, including in respect of developing expansions or extensions, such as expansion of MVP Mainline, MVP Southgate and MVP Boost. Any such adverse developments and uncertainties could adversely affect our ability, and/or, as applicable, the ability for the MVP Joint Venture and its owners, including us, to achieve expected investment returns, adversely affect our willingness or ability and/or that of our joint venture partners to continue to pursue projects, and/or cause impairments, including to our equity investment in the MVP Joint Venture. We have experienced and may further experience increased opposition with respect to our and the MVP Joint Venture's projects from activists in the form of lawsuits, intervention in regulatory proceedings and otherwise, which could result in adverse impacts to our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In particular, opponents were successful in past challenges with respect to MVP Mainline. Opposition is ongoing regarding MVP Southgate and is expected for future projects, including any expansions of MVP Mainline. If ongoing or future challenges are successful, it could result in significant, adverse impacts to our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Such opposition has made it increasingly difficult to complete projects and place them in service and, following any in service, may also affect operations or affect extensions and/or expansions of projects. Further, such opposition and/or adverse court rulings and regulatory determinations may have the effect of increasing the timeframe on necessary agency action to address actual or perceived concerns in prior adverse court rulings, or may have the effect of increasing the risk that at a future point joint venture partners may elect not to continue to pursue or fund a project, which could, absent additional project sponsors, significantly imperil the ability to complete the project. See also

--- VENDORS ---
vendors report any suspected cybersecurity threat to our Information Security team using reporting functions within our digital work environment. Once reported, our Information Security team begins investigating the incident and assigns an alert classification to the incident, based on the perceived level of threat to our Company and our technology network. The team updates the alert classification, as appropriate, throughout the incident response process. In the event our Information Security team classifies a cybersecurity incident as posing a "critical risk," our Disclosure Committee, which includes our Chief Legal and Policy Officer and Chief Accounting Officer, is immediately notified of such classification via functions within our digital work environment. The Disclosure Committee, in consultation with our Information Security team and Chief Information Officer, engages in an assessment of the materiality of the cybersecurity incident, under applicable disclosure standards, including material developments throughout the incident response process. Our Board of Directors would be promptly informed upon identification of any material cybersecurity event. Our Information Security team is responsible for managing all reported cybersecurity threats until final resolution. We maintain a record of reported cybersecurity incidents and the management and resolution of such incidents. Our Information Security team, with support from our Legal Department, annually reviews our Cybersecurity Policy to ensure alignment with cybersecurity best practices. Cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have not materially affected our Company, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. However, we face certain ongoing risks from cybersecurity threats that, if realized, may be reasonably likely to materially affect our operations and, therefore, our results of operations and/or financial condition. For more information about these risks, see

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials such as iron, sand and water, our hedge positions, leverage, credit ratings, tax law changes or otherwise – could make it difficult for us to obtain the funding necessary to conduct our operations. • Risks Associated with Our Human Capital, Technology and Other Resources and Service Providers. Our business, and the U.S. energy grid, is predominately operated on a digital system. Our employees rely on our cloud-based digital work environment to communicate and access data that is necessary to conduct our day-to-day operations. While these systems and infrastructure enable us to efficiently supply natural gas and NGLs to the market, they are also susceptible to physical and cybersecurity threats. Likewise, as a digitally-focused organization, we seek employees with a high degree of both technical skill and digital literacy, and it can be difficult to attract and retain personnel who satisfy these criteria. Further, we operate in the Appalachian Basin, and the majority of our assets, physical infrastructure and midstream customers are also located in the Appalachian Basin, making us vulnerable to risks associated with operating primarily in one major geographic area. • Legal and Regulatory Risks. There are many environmental, energy, financial, real property and other regulations that we are required to comply with in the context of conducting our operations; otherwise, we may be exposed to fines, penalties, investigations, litigation or other legal proceedings. Additionally, negative public perception of us or the natural gas industry, or increasing consumer demand for alternatives to natural gas, could adversely impact our earnings, cash flows and financial position. • Risks Associated with Strategic Transactions. We have historically been involved in, and anticipate that we will continue to explore, opportunities to create value through strategic transactions, whether through mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, joint ventures or similar business transactions. There are risks inherent in any strategic transaction, and such risks could negatively affect the benefits, outcomes and synergies anticipated to be obtained from executing such strategic transactions. We describe these risks in greater detail under

