TICKER: ET
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain (primarily in pipelines and terminals) when various products interface with each other. Transmix processing plants separate this mixture and return it to merchantable products of gasoline and distillates. Sunoco LP’s terminals provide storage and distribution services to support its fuel distribution business and other third-party customers. Subsequent to the Parkland Acquisition in 2025, Sunoco LP also owns the Burnaby Refinery and a 29% interest in SARA, which is a refinery based in Martinique with operations to sell refined crude oil in Guadeloupe, French Guiana and Martinique. Investment in USAC USAC focuses its compression services in unconventional resource plays throughout the United States, including the Utica, Marcellus, Permian, Denver-Julesburg, Eagle Ford, Mississippi Lime, Granite Wash, Woodford, Barnett and Haynesville. USAC provides compression services to its customers primarily in connection with infrastructure applications, including both allowing for the processing and transportation of natural gas through the domestic pipeline system and enhancing crude oil production through artificial lift processes. As such, USAC’s compression services play a critical role in the production, processing and transportation of both natural gas and crude oil. As of December 31, 2025, USAC had 3.9 million horsepower in its fleet. USAC operates a fleet of compression units, with an average age of approximately 13 years and a useful life that could potentially extend decades when properly maintained. USAC’s standard new-build compression units are generally configured for multiple compression stages allowing USAC to operate its units across a broad range of operating conditions. As part of USAC’s services, it engineers, designs, operates, services and repairs its compression units and maintains related support inventory and equipment. USAC provides compression services to its customers under fixed-fee contracts with initial contract terms typically between six months to five years, depending on the application and location of the compression unit. USAC typically continues to provide compression services at a specific location beyond the initial contract term, either through contract renewal or on a month-to-month or longer basis. USAC primarily enters into fixed-fee contracts whereby its customers are required to pay a monthly fee even during periods of limited or disrupted throughput, which enhances the stability and predictability of its cash flows. USAC bills most of its customers in advance of the service date and also typically utilizes annual inflation adjustments in its term contracts. USAC is not directly exposed to commodity price risk because it does not take title to the natural gas or crude oil involved in its services and because the natural gas used as fuel by its compression units is supplied by its customers without cost to USAC. USAC’s assets and operations are all located and conducted in the United States. 11 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements All Other Segment Our “All Other” segment includes: • our gas marketing activities, which optimize basis pricing differentials by purchasing and transporting natural gas, primarily on company owned pipelines, and selling that gas primarily to industrial end-users or to other marketers; • our commodity marketing company, which focuses primarily on wholesale power trading activities; • our natural gas compression equipment business, which has operations in Arkansas, California, Colorado, Louisiana, New Mexico, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania and Texas; • our wholly owned subsidiary, Dual Drive Technologies, Ltd., which provides compression services to customers engaged in the transportation of natural gas, including our other segments; and • subsidiaries involved in the management of coal and natural resources properties and the related collection of royalties. We also earn revenues from other land management activities, such as selling standing timber, leasing coal-related infrastructure facilities, and collecting oil and gas royalties. These operations also include end-user coal handling facilities. Asset Overview The following descriptions include summaries of significant assets within the Partnership’s reportable segments. Amounts, such as capacities, volumes and miles included in the following descriptions are approximate and are based on information currently available; such amounts are subject to change based on future events or additional information. The map below depicts the major assets of our core businesses, excluding the assets of Sunoco LP, USAC and the businesses in our all other segment. The map below and the maps included within the segment asset descriptions include certain non-wholly owned joint ventures and exclude corporate and field offices and certain assets that are less significant to the Partnership on a consolidated basis. 12 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Intrastate Transportation and Storage The following details our pipelines and storage facilities in the intrastate transportation and storage segment: Description of Assets Ownership Interest Miles of Natural Gas Pipeline Pipeline Throughput Capacity (Bcf/d) Working Storage Capacity (Bcf) ET Fuel System (1) 100 % 3,270 5.2 11.2 Oasis Pipeline (1) 100 % 750 2.0 — Houston Pipeline (“HPL”) System 100 % 3,920 5.3 52.5 Katy Pipeline 100 % 460 2.9 — Regency Intrastate Gas System (“RIGS”) 100 % 450 2.1 — Enable Oklahoma Intrastate Transmission (“EOIT”) (1) 100 % 2,200 2.4 24.0 Comanche Trail Pipeline 16 % 195 1.1 — Trans-Pecos Pipeline 16 % 140 1.4 — Red Bluff Express Pipeline 70 % 120 2.0 — (1) Includes bi-directional capabilities 13 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The following information describes our principal intrastate transportation and storage assets: • The ET Fuel System serves some of the most prolific production areas in the United States and is comprised of intrastate natural gas pipelines and related natural gas storage facilities. The ET Fuel System has bi-directional capabilities and has many interconnections with pipelines providing direct access to power plants and other intrastate and interstate pipelines. It is strategically located near high-growth production areas and provides access to the three major natural gas trading centers in Texas: the Waha Hub near Pecos, Texas, the Maypearl Hub in Central Texas and the Carthage Hub in East Texas. The ET Fuel System also includes our Bethel natural gas storage facility, with a working capacity of 6.0 Bcf, an average withdrawal capacity of 300 MMcf/d and an injection capacity of 75 MMcf/d, and our Bryson natural gas storage facility, with a working capacity of 5.2 Bcf, an average withdrawal capacity of 120 MMcf/d and an average injection capacity of 96 MMcf/d. In addition, the ET Fuel System is integrated with our Godley processing plant which gives us the ability to bypass the plant when processing margins are unfavorable by blending the untreated natural gas from our gas gathering system known as the North Texas System with natural gas on the ET Fuel System while continuing to meet pipeline quality specifications. • The Oasis Pipeline is primarily a 36-inch natural gas pipeline. It has bi-directional capabilities with approximately 1.3 Bcf/d of throughput capacity moving west-to-east and greater than 750 MMcf/d of throughput capacity moving east-to-west. The Oasis Pipeline connects to the Waha and Katy market hubs and has many interconnections with other pipelines, power plants, processing facilities, municipalities and producers. The Oasis Pipeline is integrated with our gathering system known as the Southeast Texas System and is an important component to maximizing our Southeast Texas System’s profitability. The Oasis Pipeline enhances the Southeast Texas System by (i) providing access for natural gas gathered on the Southeast Texas System to third-party supply and market points and interconnecting pipelines and (ii) allowing us to bypass our processing plants and treating facilities on the Southeast Texas System when processing margins are unfavorable by blending untreated natural gas from the Southeast Texas System with gas on the Oasis pipeline while continuing to meet pipeline quality specifications. • The HPL System is an extensive network of intrastate natural gas pipelines, the underground Bammel storage reservoir and related transportation assets. The system has access to multiple sources of historically significant natural gas supply reserves from South Texas, the Gulf Coast of Texas, East Texas and the western Gulf of America, and is directly connected to major gas distribution, electric and industrial load centers in Houston, Corpus Christi, Texas City, Beaumont and other cities located along the Gulf Coast of Texas. The HPL System is well situated to gather and transport gas in many of the major gas producing areas in Texas including a strong presence in the key Houston Ship Channel and Katy Hub markets, allowing us to play an important role in the Texas natural gas markets. The HPL System also offers its shippers off-system opportunities due to its numerous interconnections with other pipeline systems, its direct access to multiple market hubs at Katy, the Houston Ship Channel, Carthage and Agua Dulce as well as our Bammel storage facility. The Bammel storage facility has a total working gas capacity of approximately 52.5 Bcf, a peak withdrawal rate of 1.3 Bcf/d and a peak injection rate of 0.6 Bcf/d. The Bammel storage facility is located near the Houston Ship Channel market area and the Katy Hub, and is ideally suited to provide a physical backup for on-system and off-system customers. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately 11.8 Bcf committed under fee-based arrangements with third parties and approximately 40.3 Bcf stored in the facility for our own account. • The Katy Pipeline connects three treating facilities, one of which we own, with our gathering system known as Southeast Texas System. The Katy Pipeline serves producers in East and North Central Texas and provides access to the Katy Hub. The Katy Pipeline expansions include the 36-inch East Texas extension to connect our Reed compressor station in Freestone County to our Grimes County compressor station, the 36-inch Katy expansion connecting Grimes to the Katy Hub and the 42-inch Southeast Bossier pipeline connecting our Cleburne to Carthage pipeline to the HPL System. • RIGS is a 450-mile intrastate pipeline that delivers natural gas from northwest Louisiana to downstream pipelines and markets. • EOIT is a 2,200-mile pipeline system that provides natural gas transportation and storage services to customers in Oklahoma. EOIT is a web-like configuration with multidirectional flow capabilities between numerous receipt points and delivery points. EOIT delivers natural gas from the Anadarko and Arkoma basins, including the SCOOP, STACK, Cana Woodford, Granite Wash, Cleveland, Tonkawa and Mississippi Lime Shale plays in western Oklahoma to utilities and industrial end-users connected to EOIT and to interstate and intrastate pipelines interconnected with EOIT. EOIT also has two underground natural gas storage facilities in Oklahoma, which operate at a combined capacity of 24 Bcf with a peak withdrawal rate of 0.60 Bcf/d. 14 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • Comanche Trail Pipeline is a 195-mile intrastate pipeline that delivers natural gas from the Waha Hub near Pecos, Texas to the United States/Mexico border near San Elizario, Texas. The Partnership owns a 16% membership interest in and operates Comanche Trail Pipeline. • Trans-Pecos Pipeline is a 143-mile intrastate pipeline that delivers natural gas from the Waha Hub near Pecos, Texas to the United States/Mexico border near Presidio, Texas. The Partnership owns a 16% membership interest in and operates Trans-Pecos Pipeline. • The Red Bluff Express Pipeline is an approximately 120-mile intrastate pipeline that runs through the heart of the Delaware Basin and connects certain of our plants as well as third-party plants to the Waha Oasis Header. The Partnership owns a 70% membership interest in and operates Red Bluff Express Pipeline. • Other intrastate natural gas pipelines include our 630-mile Pelico Pipeline in northern Louisiana and our 167-mile Lobo Pipeline in South Texas. Interstate Transportation and Storage The following details our pipelines in the interstate transportation and storage segment: Description of Assets Ownership Interest Miles of Natural Gas Pipeline Pipeline Throughput Capacity (Bcf/d) Working Storage Capacity (Bcf) Florida Gas Transmission (“FGT”) 50 % 5,375 4.4 — Transwestern Pipeline 100 % 2,590 2.1 — Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line (1) 100 % 6,300 2.8 57.0 Trunkline 100 % 2,190 0.9 13.0 Tiger 100 % 200 2.4 — Fayetteville Express Pipeline 50 % 185 2.0 — Sea Robin Pipeline 100 % 765 2.0 — Stingray Pipeline 100 % 335 0.4 — Rover Pipeline 32.6 % 720 3.4 — 15 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Midcontinent Express Pipeline 50 % 510 1.8 — Enable Gas Transmission (“EGT”) 100 % 5,700 4.8 29.3 Mississippi River Transmission (“MRT”) 100 % 1,675 1.7 48.9 Southeast Supply Header (“SESH”) 50 % 290 1.1 — Gulf Run Pipeline 100 % 335 3.0 — (1) Storage capacity figure includes storage leased by affiliate Southwest Gas Storage and third-party leased storage. The following information describes our principal interstate transportation and storage assets: • FGT extends from South Texas through the Gulf Coast region of the United States to South Florida. FGT is the principal transporter of natural gas to the Florida energy market, delivering approximately 60% of the natural gas consumed in the state. In addition, FGT’s numerous intrastate and interstate pipeline interconnections with major interstate and intrastate natural gas pipelines provide access to diverse natural gas supply sources. FGT’s customers include electric utilities, independent power producers, industrial end-users and local distribution companies. FGT is owned by Citrus, a 50/50 joint venture with Kinder Morgan, Inc. • Transwestern Pipeline transports natural gas supply from the Permian Basin, the San Juan Basin and the Anadarko Basin. The system has bi-directional capabilities and can access Texas and Midcontinent natural gas market hubs as well as major western markets in Arizona, New Mexico, Nevada and California. Transwestern’s customers include local distribution companies, producers, marketers, electric power generators and industrial end-users. An expansion of the Transwestern Pipeline, including upsizing pipeline diameter to increase capacity, is expected to be in-service by the end of 2029. • Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line’s transmission system consists of four large diameter mainline pipelines with bi-directional capabilities, extending approximately 1,300 miles from producing areas in the Anadarko Basin of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas through Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio and into Michigan. Panhandle contracts for approximately 56 Bcf of natural gas storage. • Trunkline’s transmission system consists of one large diameter mainline pipeline with bi-directional capabilities, extending approximately 1,400 miles from the Gulf Coast areas of Texas and Louisiana through Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky, Illinois, Indiana and Michigan. Trunkline has one natural gas storage field located in Louisiana. • Tiger is a bi-directional system that extends through the heart of the Haynesville Shale and ends near Delhi, Louisiana, interconnecting with multiple interstate pipelines. • Fayetteville Express Pipeline originates near Conway County, Arkansas and continues eastward to Panola County, Mississippi with multiple pipeline interconnections along the route. Fayetteville Express Pipeline is owned by a 50/50 joint venture with Kinder Morgan, Inc. • Sea Robin Pipeline’s system consists of two offshore Louisiana natural gas supply pipelines extending 120 miles into the Gulf of America. • Stingray Pipeline is an interstate natural gas pipeline system with assets located in the western Gulf of America and Johnson Bayou, Louisiana. • Rover Pipeline is a large diameter pipeline which transports natural gas from processing plants in West Virginia, eastern Ohio and western Pennsylvania for delivery to other pipeline interconnects in Ohio and Michigan, where the gas is delivered for distribution to markets across the United States and to Ontario, Canada. • Midcontinent Express Pipeline originates near Bennington, Oklahoma and traverses northern Louisiana and central Mississippi to an interconnect with the Transcontinental Gas Pipeline system in Butler, Alabama. The Midcontinent Express Pipeline is owned by a 50/50 joint venture with Kinder Morgan, Inc., the operator of the system. • EGT provides natural gas transportation and storage services to customers in Oklahoma, Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri and Kansas. EGT has two underground storage facilities in Oklahoma and one underground natural gas storage facility in Louisiana. Through numerous pipeline interconnections along the system and at the Perryville Hub, EGT customers have access to Midwest and Northeast markets as well as most of the major natural gas consuming markets east of the Mississippi River. • MRT provides natural gas transportation and storage services in Texas, Arkansas, Louisiana, Missouri and Illinois. MRT has underground natural gas storage facilities in Louisiana and Illinois. MRT receives natural gas from a variety of interstate and intrastate pipelines through its interconnections and delivers natural gas primarily to the St. Louis market. 16 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • SESH, a 50/50 joint venture with Enbridge Inc., provides transportation services in Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama. SESH transports natural gas from the Perryville Hub in Louisiana to its endpoint in Mobile County, Alabama. SESH has interconnections with third-party natural gas pipelines and provides access to major Southeast and Northeast markets and transports directly to generating facilities in Mississippi and Alabama and to interconnecting pipelines that supply companies generating electricity for the Florida power market. • Gulf Run Pipeline is a large diameter pipeline that runs from the heart of the Haynesville Shale in East Texas and northern Louisiana to the Carthage and Perryville natural gas hubs and other key markets along the Gulf Coast. Regasification Facility Lake Charles LNG, our wholly owned subsidiary, owns an LNG import terminal and regasification facility located on Louisiana’s Gulf Coast near Lake Charles, Louisiana. The import terminal has approximately 9.0 Bcf of above ground LNG storage capacity and the regasification facility has a send out capacity of 1.8 Bcf/d. Lake Charles LNG derives all of its revenue from a series of long-term contracts with Shell. Liquefaction Project Lake Charles LNG Export, our wholly owned subsidiary, was previously developing a natural gas liquefaction project at the site of our Lake Charles LNG import terminal and regasification facility. The project was expected to utilize existing dock and storage facilities owned by Lake Charles LNG located on the Lake Charles site. From 2022 through 2025, Lake Charles LNG Export executed several LNG offtake agreements, which allowed either party to terminate the agreement if Lake Charles LNG Export did not satisfy specified conditions by a specified date. One of those conditions related to Lake Charles LNG Export making a “final investment decision” to proceed with the construction of the liquefaction project. We were previously in discussions with several other parties for potential long-term LNG offtake and potential equity investments in the project. In December 2025, we announced the suspension of development of the Lake Charles LNG project in order to focus on allocating capital to our significant backlog of natural gas pipeline infrastructure projects that we believe provides superior risk/return profiles. Our management has determined that continued development of the project by Energy Transfer is not warranted but we remain open to discussions with third parties who may have an interest in developing the project. In the event that a third party assumes the development of the project, it is unlikely that Energy Transfer would commit capital to the project; however, Energy Transfer would be interested in providing natural gas pipeline transportation capacity to a third party under a long term agreement to facilitate natural gas supply to the project. As a result of Energy Transfer’s announcement, several LNG offtake agreements have been terminated based on the nonsatisfaction of the condition related to making a final investment decision by the date specified in the applicable LNG offtake agreement. Other LNG offtake agreements that have not been terminated could be assumed by a third party which continues the development of the project. 17 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Midstream The following details our assets in the midstream segment: Description of Assets Net Gas Processing Capacity (MMcf/d) South Texas 2,530 Ark-La-Tex 922 North Central Texas 700 Permian Basin 5,495 Midcontinent 2,865 Williston Basin 400 Powder River Basin 345 Eastern 200 The following information describes our principal midstream assets: South Texas: • Our South Texas assets, which include the Southeast Texas System and the Eagle Ford System, are an integrated system that gathers, compresses, treats, processes, dehydrates and transports natural gas from the Austin Chalk trend and the Eagle Ford Shale. The assets in our Southeast Texas System include a large natural gas gathering system that covers thirteen counties between Austin and Houston, Texas and connects to the Katy Hub through the Katy Pipeline and is also connected to the 18 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Oasis Pipeline. This system also includes three natural gas processing plants (La Grange, Alamo and Brookeland) with an aggregate capacity of 510 MMcf/d. These plants process the rich gas that flows through our gathering system to produce residue gas and NGLs. Residue gas is delivered into our intrastate pipelines and NGLs are delivered into our NGL pipelines. Our treating facilities remove carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide from natural gas gathered into our system before the natural gas is introduced to transportation pipelines to ensure that the gas meets pipeline quality specifications. The assets in our Eagle Ford System consist of 30-inch and 42-inch natural gas gathering pipelines originating in Dimmitt County, Texas, and extending to both our King Ranch gas plant in Kleberg County, Texas and Jackson plant in Jackson County, Texas. These assets also include four processing plants (Chisholm, Kenedy, Jackson and King Ranch) with an aggregate capacity of 2.0 Bcf/d. Our Chisholm, Kenedy, Jackson and King Ranch processing plants are connected to our intrastate transportation pipeline systems for deliveries of residue gas and are also connected with our NGL pipelines. Ark-La-Tex: • Our Ark-La-Tex assets are comprised of several gathering systems in the Haynesville Shale with access to multiple markets through interconnects with several pipelines, including our Tiger and Gulf Run pipelines. Our northern Louisiana assets include the Bistineau, Creedence, Tristate, Logansport, Magnolia, Olympia, Amoruso, and Lumberjack systems, which collectively include 13 natural gas treating facilities, with aggregate capacity of 3.5 Bcf/d. The Ark-La-Tex assets gather, compress, treat and dehydrate natural gas in several parishes in northwest Louisiana and several counties in East Texas. These assets also include cryogenic natural gas processing facilities, a refrigeration plant, a conditioning plant, amine treating plants, a residue gas pipeline that provides market access for natural gas from our processing plants, including connections with pipelines that provide access to the Perryville Hub and other markets in the Gulf Coast region, and an NGL pipeline that connects to a third-party that provides access to the Mont Belvieu market for NGLs produced from our processing plants. Collectively, the six natural gas processing facilities (Dubach, Lincoln, Rosewood, Mt. Olive, Sligo and Waskom) have an aggregate capacity of 0.9 Bcf/d. Through the gathering and processing systems described above and their interconnections with our intrastate transportation pipelines, we offer producers wellhead-to-market services, including natural gas gathering, compression, processing, treating and transportation. North Central Texas: • The North Central Texas System is an integrated system located in North Central Texas and extends into southern Oklahoma which gathers, compresses, treats, processes and transports natural gas from the Barnett and Woodford shales. Our North Central Texas assets include our Godley plant, which processes rich gas produced from the Barnett Shale and STACK and SCOOP plays, with an aggregate capacity of 700 MMcf/d. The Godley plant is integrated with the ET Fuel System. Permian Basin: • The Permian Basin Gathering System offers wellhead-to-market services to producers in 11 counties in West Texas and two counties in New Mexico which surround the Waha Hub, one of Texas’s developing NGL-rich natural gas market areas. As a result of the proximity of our system to the Waha Hub, the Waha Gathering System has a variety of market outlets for the natural gas that we gather and process, including several major interstate and intrastate pipelines serving California, the Midcontinent and Texas natural gas markets. The NGL market outlets includes our NGL pipeline system. The Permian Basin Gathering System includes 22 processing facilities (Waha, Red Bluff, Halley, Keystone, Tippet, Panther, Rebel, Grey Wolf, Bear, Arrowhead, Carlsbad, Orla I, Orla II, Martin County, Red Lake, Lenorah, Sale Ranch, Benedum, Sonora, St. Lawrence, Jameson and Badger) with an aggregate processing capacity of 5.5 Bcf/d and one natural gas conditioning facility with an aggregate capacity of 200 MMcf/d. • In addition, we own a 50% membership interest in Mi Vida JV LLC, a joint venture which owns a 200 MMcf/d cryogenic processing plant in West Texas. We operate the plant and related facilities on behalf of the joint venture. We also own a 50% equity interest in Crestwood Permian Basin LLC, a joint venture which owns the Nautilus natural gas gathering system in West Texas. We operate the gathering system on behalf of the joint venture. Midcontinent: • The Midcontinent Systems are located in three large natural gas producing regions in the United States: the Hugoton Basin in southwest Kansas, the Anadarko Basin in the Texas Panhandle and Oklahoma, including the STACK and SCOOP plays, and the Arkoma Basin in eastern Oklahoma and Arkansas. These mature basins have continued to provide generally long-lived, predictable production volumes. Our Midcontinent assets are extensive systems that gather, compress and dehydrate 19 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements low-pressure gas. The Midcontinent Systems include 16 natural gas processing facilities (Mocane, Beaver, Wheeler I, Sunray, Spearman, Rose Valley, Hopeton, Bradley, McClure, Wheeler II, South Canadian, Clinton, Roger Mills, Canute, Cox City and Grady) with an aggregate capacity of approximately 2.9 Bcf/d. • We operate our Midcontinent Systems primarily at low pressures to maximize the total throughput volumes from the connected wells. Wellhead pressures are therefore adequate to allow for flow of natural gas into the gathering lines without the cost of wellhead compression. • We own the Hugoton Gathering System that has 1,900 miles of pipeline extending across parts of southwest Kansas and northwest Oklahoma. This system is operated by a third-party. • We own a 50% membership interest in Atoka Midstream LLC, which owns a natural gas gathering system in Oklahoma. Williston Basin: • We own and operate the Arrow and Rough Rider systems which include natural gas gathering systems and processing facilities (Bear Den and Wild Basin). These processing facilities have an aggregate capacity of 400 MMcf/d. The Arrow and Rough Rider systems are in the core of the Bakken Shale primarily in McKenzie and Dunn Counties, North Dakota, with the Arrow system primarily located on the Fort Berthold Indian Reservation. Powder River Basin: • We own and operate the Jackalope rich natural gas gathering system, the Continental Express high-pressure pipeline and the Bucking Horse gas processing facility in Converse County, Wyoming. The Bucking Horse gas processing facility has an aggregate processing capacity of 345 MMcf/d. Eastern: • The Eastern region assets are located in eleven counties in Pennsylvania, four counties in Ohio and three counties in West Virginia, which gather natural gas from the Marcellus and Utica shales. Our Eastern region assets include more than 600 miles of natural gas gathering pipelines, natural gas trunklines and fresh-water pipelines, nine gathering and processing systems and the 200 MMcf/d Revolution processing plant, which feeds into our Mariner East and Rover pipeline systems. • We own a 75% membership interest in ORS. On behalf of ORS, we operate its Ohio Utica River System, which consists of 47 miles of 36-inch, 13 miles of 30-inch and 3 miles of 24-inch gathering trunklines, and which delivers up to 3.6 Bcf/d to Rockies Express Pipeline, Texas Eastern Transmission, Leach Xpress, Rover and DEO TPL-18. 20 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements NGL and Refined Products Transportation and Services The following details the assets in our NGL and refined products transportation and services segment: Description of Assets Miles of Liquids Pipeline NGL Fractionation / Processing Capacity (MBbls/d) Working Storage Capacity (MBbls) Liquids Pipelines: Gulf Coast NGL Express 900 — — West Texas Gateway 510 — — Other Permian Basin NGL 1,600 — — Mariner East 680 — — Mariner West 450 — — Mont Belvieu to Nederland 320 — — White Cliffs (1) 540 — — Other NGL 750 — — Liquids Fractionation and Storage Facilities: Mont Belvieu NGL Complex — 1,150 63,000 Spindletop — — 8,000 Crestwood assets — — 12,000 ET Geismar Olefins (2) — 35 — Hattiesburg — — 5,200 Cedar Bayou — — 1,600 21 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements NGL Terminals: Nederland — — 3,100 Marcus Hook — — 6,000 Inkster — — 860 Refined Products Pipelines: Eastern region 1,580 — — Midcontinent region 480 — — Southwest region 590 — — Inland 610 — — J.C. Nolan Pipeline 500 — — Refined Products Terminals: Eagle Point — — 6,700 Marcus Hook Terminal — — 930 Marcus Hook Tank Farm — — 1,900 Marketing Terminals — — 8,600 J.C. Nolan Terminal — — 130 (1) The White Cliffs Pipeline consists of two parallel, 12-inch common carrier pipelines: one crude oil pipeline and one NGL pipeline. (2) Additionally, the ET Geismar Olefins off-gas processing facility has inlet volume capacity of 54 MMcf/d. The following information describes our principal NGL and refined products transportation and services assets: • Gulf Coast NGL Express (formerly known as Lone Star Express) is an interstate NGL pipeline consisting of 24-inch and 30-inch long-haul transportation pipelines, with throughput capacity of approximately 900 MBbls/d, that delivers mixed NGLs from processing plants in the Permian Basin, the Barnett Shale and from East Texas to our Mont Belvieu NGL Complex. • West Texas Gateway transports mixed NGLs produced in the Permian Basin and the Eagle Ford Shale to Mont Belvieu, Texas and has a throughput capacity of approximately 240 MBbls/d. • The Mariner East Pipeline System, consisting of Mariner East 2 and Mariner East 2x, has an aggregate capacity of 380 MBbls/d and transports NGLs from the Marcellus and Utica shales in western Pennsylvania, West Virginia and eastern Ohio to destinations in Pennsylvania, including our Marcus Hook Terminal on the Delaware River, where they are processed, stored and distributed to local, domestic and waterborne markets. • The Mariner West Pipeline provides transportation of ethane from the Marcellus Shale processing and fractionating areas in Houston, Pennsylvania to Marysville, Michigan and the Canadian border and has a throughput capacity of approximately 50 MBbls/d. • The Mont Belvieu to Nederland Pipeline System consists of five pipelines, which deliver export-grade propane, butane, ethane and natural gasoline from our Mont Belvieu NGL Complex to our Nederland Terminal, having a total throughput capacity of approximately 1,140 MBbls/d. The ethane pipeline is part of the Orbit Gulf Coast NGL Exports joint venture, as described below. • The White Cliffs NGL pipeline, in which we have 54.3% ownership interest, transports mixed NGLs produced in the DJ Basin to Cushing, Oklahoma where it interconnects with the Southern Hills Pipeline to move NGLs to Mont Belvieu, Texas and has a throughput capacity of approximately 90 MBbls/d. • Other NGL pipelines include the 127-mile Justice pipeline, 63-mile Blue Ridge pipeline, the 45-mile Freedom pipeline, the 20-mile Spirit pipeline and a 50% interest in the 87 mile Liberty pipeline. We also own an undivided interest in 80 MBbls/d of capacity in a segment of the EPIC Y-Grade Pipeline, LP (EPIC) pipeline from Orla, Texas to Benedum, Texas. • Our Mont Belvieu NGL Complex is an integrated liquids storage and fractionation facility. The storage facility has approximately 63 MMBbls of salt dome capacity providing 100% fee-based cash flows. The storage facility has access to multiple NGL and refined products pipelines, the Houston Ship Channel trading hub, numerous chemical plants, refineries and fractionators. 22 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The fractionation facility includes eight fractionators, which process NGLs delivered from several sources, including our Gulf Coast NGL Express, West Texas Gateway and Justice pipelines. • Our Spindletop storage facilities, located in Beaumont, Texas, have 8 MMBbls of salt dome capacity. • The Crestwood assets, acquired in 2023, include 11 LPG terminals which offer 12 MMBbls of storage capacity located in Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Mississippi, Michigan, New York and Indiana, with receipts and deliveries that are supported by both rail cars and third-party pipelines. Other Crestwood assets include a fleet of rail and rolling stock with approximately 1.6 MMBbls/d of NGL pipeline, terminal and transportation capacity, which also includes rail-to-truck terminals located in Michigan, Indiana, Ohio, New Hampshire, Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, North Carolina, South Carolina and Mississippi. • ET Geismar Olefins consists of a refinery off-gas processing unit and an o-grade NGL fractionation / Refinery-Grade Propylene (“RGP”) splitting complex located along the Mississippi River refinery corridor in southern Louisiana. The off-gas processing unit cryogenically processes refinery off-gas, and the fractionation / RGP splitting complex fractionates the streams into higher value components. The o-grade fractionator and RGP splitting complex, located in Geismar, Louisiana, is connected by approximately 100 miles of pipeline to the Chalmette processing plant, which has a processing capacity of 54 MMcf/d. • The Hattiesburg storage facility is an integrated liquids storage facility with approximately 5 MMBbls of salt dome capacity, providing 100% fee-based cash flows. • The Cedar Bayou storage facility is an integrated liquids storage facility with approximately 1.6 MMBbls of tank storage, generating revenues from fixed fee storage contracts, throughput fees and revenue from blending butane into refined gasoline. • The Nederland Terminal, in addition to crude oil activities, also provides approximately 3.1 MMBbls of storage and distribution services for NGLs delivered from our Mont Belvieu NGL Complex via our Mont Belvieu to Nederland Pipeline System, where such products can be exported via ship. The ethane refrigeration facility is part of the Orbit Gulf Coast NGL Exports joint venture, as described below. • The Orbit Gulf Coast NGL Exports joint venture consists of a 70-mile, 20-inch ethane pipeline with a throughput capacity of approximately 380 MBbls/d which delivers from our Mont Belvieu NGL Complex to our Nederland Terminal. It also includes a 180 MBbls/d ethane refrigeration facility and a 1.2 MMBbls storage facility at our Nederland Terminal. Energy Transfer owns a 58.1% interest in the joint venture. • The Marcus Hook Terminal includes fractionation, terminalling and storage assets with a capacity of approximately 2 MMBbls of NGL storage capacity in underground caverns, 4 MMBbls of above-ground NGL refrigerated storage and related commercial agreements. The terminal has a total active refined products storage capacity of approximately 1 MMBbls. The facility can receive NGLs and refined products via marine vessel, pipeline, truck and rail, and can deliver via marine vessel, pipeline and truck. In addition to providing NGL storage and terminalling services to both affiliates and third-party customers, the Marcus Hook Terminal serves as an offtake outlet for our Mariner East Pipeline System. The Marcus Hook Terminal also has a tank farm with total refined products storage capacity of approximately 2 MMBbls. The terminal receives and delivers refined products via pipeline and primarily provides terminalling services to support movements on our refined products pipelines. • The Inkster Terminal, located near Detroit, Michigan, consists of multiple salt caverns with a total storage capacity of approximately 860 MBbls of NGLs. We use the Inkster Terminal’s storage in connection with the Toledo North pipeline system and for the storage of NGLs from local producers and a refinery in western Ohio. The terminal can receive and ship by pipeline in both directions and has a truck loading and unloading rack. • The Eastern region refined products pipelines consist of 6-inch to 16-inch diameter refined product pipelines in eastern, central and north central Pennsylvania, 8-inch refined products pipeline in western New York and various diameter refined products pipelines in New Jersey (including 80 miles of the 16-inch diameter Harbor Pipeline). • The Midcontinent region refined products pipelines primarily consist of 3-inch to 12-inch refined products pipelines in Ohio and 6-inch and 8-inch refined products pipeline in Michigan. • The Southwest region refined products pipelines are located in East Texas and consist primarily of 8-inch and 12-inch diameter refined products pipeline. • The Inland refined products pipeline consists of 12-, 10-, 8- and 6-inch diameter pipelines in the western, northwestern, and northeastern regions of Ohio. 23 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • The J.C. Nolan Pipeline, a joint venture between a wholly owned subsidiary of the Partnership and a wholly owned subsidiary of Sunoco LP, transports diesel fuel from a tank farm in Hebert, Texas to Midland, Texas, and has a throughput capacity of approximately 36 MBbls/d. • We have 37 refined products terminals with an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 8.6 MMBbls that facilitate the movement of refined products to or from storage or transportation systems, such as a pipeline, to other transportation systems, such as trucks or other pipelines. Each facility typically consists of multiple storage tanks and is equipped with automated truck loading equipment that is operational 24 hours a day. • The Eagle Point Terminal can accommodate three marine vessels (ships or barges) to receive and deliver refined products to outbound ships and barges. The tank farm has a total active refined products storage capacity of approximately 7 MMBbls and provides customers with access to the facility via ship, barge, rail and pipeline. The terminal can deliver via ship, barge, rail, truck or pipeline, providing customers with access to various markets. The terminal generates revenue primarily by charging fees based on throughput, blending services and storage. • The J.C. Nolan Terminal, a joint venture between a wholly owned subsidiary of the Partnership and a wholly owned subsidiary of Sunoco LP, provides diesel fuel storage in Midland, Texas. • This segment also includes the following joint ventures: a 15% membership interest in Explorer, a 1,850-mile pipeline which originates from refining centers in Beaumont, Port Arthur and Houston, Texas and extends to Chicago, Illinois; a 31% membership interest in the Wolverine Pipe Line Company, a 1,055-mile pipeline that originates from Chicago, Illinois and extends to Detroit, Grand Haven, and Bay City, Michigan; a 17% membership interest in the West Shore Pipe Line Company, a 650-mile pipeline which originates in Chicago, Illinois and extends to Madison and Green Bay, Wisconsin; a 14% membership interest in the Yellowstone Pipe Line Company, a 710-mile pipeline which originates from Billings, Montana and extends to Moses Lake, Washington. 24 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Crude Oil Transportation and Services The following details our pipelines and terminals in our crude oil transportation and services operations: Description of Assets Ownership Interest Miles of Crude Pipeline Working Storage Capacity (MBbls) Dakota Access Pipeline 36.4 % 1,170 — Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline 36.4 % 745 — Bayou Bridge Pipeline 60 % 210 — West Texas Gulf Pipeline 100.0 % 584 Permian Express Pipelines 87.7 % 1,030 — ET-S Permian (1) 100.0 % 5,000 11,000 Wattenberg Oil Trunkline 100 % 75 360 White Cliffs Pipeline (2) 54.3 % 530 100 Maurepas Pipeline 51 % 35 — Mid Valley Pipeline 100 % 1,040 — Cushing Pipeline 100 % 745 — Wink to Webster Pipeline 5 % 642 — Other, crude gathering and water gathering and disposal 100 % 6,220 — Nederland Terminal 100 % — 30,000 Marcus Hook Terminal 100 % — 1,000 Houston Terminal 100 % — 18,200 Cushing Terminal 100 % — 9,500 Patoka Terminal 87.7 % — 1,900 25 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Price River Terminal 55 % — 200 Colt Hub 100 % 20 1,200 (1) A joint venture between Energy Transfer and Sunoco LP formed in 2024. Energy transfer holds a 67.5% interest in ET-S Permian, with Sunoco LP holding the remaining 32.5% interest. (2) The White Cliffs Pipeline consists of two parallel, 12-inch common carrier pipelines: one crude oil pipeline and one NGL pipeline. Our crude oil operations consist of an integrated set of pipeline, terminalling, trucking and acquisition and marketing assets that service the movement of crude oil from producers to end-user markets. The following details our assets in the crude oil transportation and services segment: Crude Oil Pipelines Our crude oil pipelines (through wholly owned subsidiaries or joint venture interests) consist of more than 18,000 miles of crude oil trunk pipelines as well as crude oil and produced water gathering pipelines throughout the Southwest, Midcontinent and Midwest United States. Our crude oil pipelines provide access to several trading hubs, including the largest trading hub for crude oil in the United States located in Cushing, Oklahoma, and other trading hubs located in Midland, Colorado City and Longview, Texas. Our crude oil pipelines also deliver to and connect with other pipelines that deliver crude oil to a number of refineries. • Bakken Pipeline. The Dakota Access Pipeline and Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline are collectively referred to as the “Bakken Pipeline.” The Bakken Pipeline is a 1,915-mile pipeline that transports domestically produced crude oil from the Bakken/Three Forks production areas in North Dakota to a storage and terminal hub outside of Patoka, Illinois, or to Gulf Coast connections including our crude terminal in Nederland, Texas. The Bakken Pipeline has a capacity of up to 750 MBbls/d. The pipeline transports light, sweet crude oil from North Dakota to major refining markets in the Midwest and Gulf Coast regions. The Dakota Access Pipeline consists of approximately 1,170 miles of 12, 20, 24 and 30-inch diameter pipeline traversing North Dakota, South Dakota, Iowa and Illinois. Crude oil transported on the Dakota Access Pipeline originates at six terminal locations in the North Dakota counties of Mountrail, Williams and McKenzie. The pipeline delivers the crude oil to a hub outside of Patoka, Illinois where it can be delivered to the Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline for delivery to the Gulf Coast or can be transported via other pipelines to refining markets throughout the Midwest. The Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline consists of approximately 745 miles of mostly 30-inch diameter pipeline from Patoka, Illinois to Nederland, Texas, where the crude oil can be refined or further transported to additional refining markets. • Bayou Bridge Pipeline. The Bayou Bridge Pipeline is a joint venture between Energy Transfer and a subsidiary of Phillips 66, in which we have a 60% ownership interest and serve as the operator of the pipeline. The Bayou Bridge Pipeline consists of a 30-inch pipeline from Nederland, Texas to Lake Charles, Louisiana, and a 24-inch pipeline from Lake Charles, Louisiana to St. James, Louisiana. Bayou Bridge Pipeline has a capacity of approximately 480 MBbls/d of light and heavy crude oil from different sources to the St. James crude oil hub, which is home to important refineries located in the Gulf Coast region. • West Texas Gulf Pipeline. West Texas Gulf Pipeline is a 26-inch and 20-inch pipeline system that transports barrels from Colorado City, Texas to Longview, Texas for delivery onto Mid Valley Pipeline and additional delivery points along the Gulf Coast via joint tariff. • Permian Express Pipelines. The Permian Express pipelines are part of the PEP joint venture and include the Permian Express 1, Permian Express 2, Permian Express 3, Permian Express 4, Permian Longview and Louisiana Access, Longview to Louisiana and Nederland Access pipelines. These pipelines are comprised of crude oil trunk pipelines and crude oil gathering pipelines in Texas and Oklahoma and provide takeaway capacity from the Permian Basin, with origins in multiple locations in West Texas. • ET-S Permian. ET-S Permian includes over 5,000 miles of crude oil and water gathering pipelines in the Permian Basin. It also has total crude oil storage capacity in excess of 11 million barrels in two terminals in Midland, Texas (described below), one terminal in Colorado City, Texas and several other storage facilities throughout the Permian Basin. • White Cliffs Pipeline. White Cliffs Pipeline owns a 12-inch common carrier, crude oil pipeline, with a throughput capacity of 100 MBbls/d, that transports crude oil from Platteville, Colorado to Cushing, Oklahoma. 26 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • Maurepas Pipeline. The Maurepas Pipeline consists of three pipelines, with an aggregate throughput capacity of 460 MBbls/d, which service refineries in the Gulf Coast region. • Mid Valley Pipeline. The Mid Valley Pipeline originates in Longview, Texas and passes through Louisiana, Arkansas, Mississippi, Tennessee, Kentucky and Ohio and terminates in Samaria, Michigan. This pipeline provides crude oil to a number of refineries, primarily in the Midwest United States. • Cushing Pipeline. The Cushing Pipeline consists of two 16-inch crude oil pipelines, providing service from the Permian Basin to Cushing, Oklahoma and to third-party systems in North Texas. • Wink to Webster Pipeline. The Wink to Webster Pipeline is capable of transporting approximately 1,000 MBbl/d from origin points at Wink and Midland in the Permian Basin for delivery to multiple Houston area locations. • Crude Gathering and Water Gathering and Disposal. We own integrated crude oil and water gathering systems across multiple basins in the United States. ◦ Permian Basin: Our Permian Basin gathering assets in West Texas and eastern New Mexico encompass multiple systems in highly active areas of both the Delaware and Midland basins, with the ability to deliver virtually all gathered crude to major market hubs, including Midland, Wink and Crane, as well as our own long-haul pipelines that provide service to the Gulf Coast and Cushing. Our Permian Basin operations also consist of produced water gathering and disposal services in the Delaware Basin. ◦ Williston Basin: Our Williston Basin gathering assets in North Dakota and eastern Montana include several systems built for gathering and transporting crude production from the wellhead to long-haul pipelines, including our Bakken Pipeline. Additionally, we have multiple water gathering systems in the Williston Basin that transport produced water to wholly owned and third-party disposal wells. ◦ Midcontinent: Our Midcontinent gathering assets in Oklahoma and Kansas primarily transport wellhead and truck-delivered volumes to several local refineries as well as to Cushing, Oklahoma. A portion of these operations are conducted through Enable South Central Pipeline, a joint venture with a subsidiary of CVR Energy, Inc., which is operated by us and in which we own a 60% membership interest. Crude Oil Terminals • Nederland, TX. The Nederland Terminal, located on the Sabine-Neches waterway between Beaumont and Port Arthur, Texas, is a large marine terminal providing storage and distribution services for refiners and other large transporters of crude oil and NGLs. The terminal receives, stores and distributes crude oil, NGLs, feedstocks, petrochemicals and bunker oils (used for fueling ships and other marine vessels). The terminal currently has a total storage capacity of over 30 MMBbls in more than 80 above ground storage tanks with individual capacities of up to 660 MBbls. The Nederland Terminal can receive crude oil at three of its seven ship docks and all three of its barge berths. The three ship docks are capable of receiving over 2 MMBbls/d of crude oil. In addition to our crude oil pipelines, the terminal can also receive crude oil through a number of other pipelines, including the DOE. The DOE pipelines connect the terminal to the United States Strategic Petroleum Reserve’s West Hackberry caverns at Hackberry, Louisiana and Big Hill caverns near Winnie, Texas, which have an aggregate storage capacity of approximately 395 MMBbls. The terminal also has crude oil rail unloading facilities, including steam availability for heating heavy oils prior to loading. The Nederland Terminal can deliver crude oil and other petroleum products via pipeline, barge and ship. The terminal has three ship docks and three barge berths that are capable of delivering crude oils for international transport. In total, the terminal is capable of delivering over 2 MMBbls/d of crude oil to our crude oil pipelines or a number of third-party pipelines including the DOE. The Nederland Terminal generates crude oil revenues primarily by providing term or spot storage services and throughput capabilities to a number of customers. • Midland, TX. We have two terminals in Midland, Texas. Midland South includes approximately 1 MMBbls of crude oil storage and a combined 20 lanes of truck loading and unloading; the terminal provides access to the Permian Express pipelines. Midland North offers 2 MMBbls of crude oil storage capacity and additional supply and demand connectivity. • Marcus Hook, PA. The Marcus Hook Terminal can receive crude oil via marine vessel and can deliver via marine vessel and pipeline. The terminal has a total active crude oil storage capacity of approximately 1 MMBbls. • Houston, TX. The Houston Terminal consists of storage tanks located on the Houston Ship Channel with an aggregate storage capacity of 18.2 MMBbls used to store, blend and transport refinery products and refinery feedstocks via pipeline, barge, rail, truck and ship. This facility has five deep-water ship docks on the Houston Ship Channel capable of loading and unloading Suezmax cargo vessels, and seven barge docks that can accommodate 23 barges simultaneously, three inbound 27 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements crude oil pipelines, two outbound crude oil pipelines connecting to three refineries, and numerous rail and truck loading spots. • Cushing, OK. The Cushing Terminal has approximately 9.5 MMBbls of crude oil storage. The storage terminal has inbound connections with the White Cliffs Pipeline from Platteville, Colorado, the Great Salt Plains Pipeline from Cherokee, Oklahoma, the Cimarron Pipeline from Boyer, Kansas and two-way connections with all of the other major storage terminals in Cushing. The Cushing Terminal also includes truck unloading facilities. • Patoka, IL. The Patoka Terminal is a tank farm owned by the PEP joint venture and is located in Marion County, Illinois. The facility includes 234 acres of owned land and provides for approximately 1.9 MMBbls of crude oil storage. • Price River Terminal. The Price River Terminal is a rail terminal joint venture in Carbon County, Utah, capable of transloading local waxy crude production as well as other bulk materials. The terminal has 200 MBbls of heated storage and more than 60 MBbls/d of rail loading capacity. • Colt Hub. The Colt Hub is located in the heart of the Williston Basin in Williams County, North Dakota. The Colt Hub has approximately 1.2 MMBbls of crude oil storage capacity and 160 MBbls/d of rail loading capacity. Crude Oil Acquisition and Marketing Our crude oil acquisition and marketing operations are conducted using our assets, which include 367 crude oil transport trucks, 356 trailers and 242 crude oil truck unloading facilities as well as third-party truck, rail, pipeline and marine assets. Investment in Sunoco LP Sunoco LP purchases motor fuel primarily from independent refiners and major oil companies and distributes it across more than 40 U.S. states and territories, including Hawaii and Puerto Rico, as well as Canada, Mexico, the Greater Caribbean and Europe (32 countries and territories in North America, the Greater Caribbean and Europe) to: • 206 company-operated retail stores; • 1,638 independently operated commission agent locations where Sunoco LP sells motor fuel to customers under commission agent arrangements with such operators; • 8,363 retail stores operated by independent operators, which are referred to as “dealers” or “distributors,” pursuant to long-term distribution agreements; and • over 13,000 other commercial customers, including unbranded retail stores, other fuel distributors, school districts and municipalities and other industrial customers. Sunoco LP’s fuel distributions operations also includes its retail operations in Hawaii and New Jersey, credit card services and franchise royalties. Sunoco LP’s pipeline systems operations is comprised of approximately 6,000 miles of refined product pipeline (including the pipeline in the J.C. Nolan joint venture), approximately 6,000 miles of crude oil pipeline (including the pipeline in the ET-S Permian joint venture), approximately 2,000 miles of ammonia pipeline and 69 terminals (including the J.C. Nolan and ET-S Permian joint ventures). Additionally, Sunoco LP’s terminals operations include four transmix processing facilities and 83 terminals (two in Europe, six in Hawaii and 53 in the continental United States). Transmix is the mixture of various refined products (primarily gasoline and diesel) created in the supply chain (primarily in pipelines and terminals) when various products interface with each other. Transmix processing plants separate this mixture and return it to salable products of gasoline and diesel. Sunoco LP’s refined product terminals provide storage and distribution services used to supply its own retail stations as well as third-party customers. In addition, Sunoco LP provides services at its terminals to various third-party throughput customers. Following its acquisition of Parkland, Sunoco LP also operates the Burnaby Refinery in British Colombia, which has approximately 55,000 barrels per day of operational capacity. The refinery consumes primarily sweet conventional crude oil and sweet synthetic crude oil to produce gasoline, diesel and jet fuel among other products. The refinery meets federal and provincial regulations for lower carbon intensity transportation fuels through a combination of co-processing of bio feedstocks (i.e. canola oil, tallow, tall oil and others) and blending of low-carbon intensity fuels such as bio-diesel, renewable diesel, ethanol and others. Fuel from the refinery is sold primarily through Sunoco LP-owned retail network in British Columbia (“BC”), directly to Vancouver International Airport, and to commercial and cardlock customers. 28 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Investment in USAC The following details the assets of USAC: USAC’s standardized compression unit fleet is powered primarily by the Caterpillar, Inc.’s 3400, 3500 and 3600 engine classes, which range from 400 to 5,000 horsepower per unit. These larger horsepower units, which USAC defines as 400 horsepower per unit or greater, represented 87.6% of its total fleet horsepower as of December 31, 2025. The remainder of its fleet consists of smaller horsepower units ranging from 40 horsepower to 399 horsepower that are primarily used in gas lift applications. The following table provides a summary of USAC’s compression units by horsepower as of December 31, 2025: Unit Horsepower Fleet Horsepower Number of Units Horsepower on Order Number of Units on Order Total Horsepower Number of Units Percent of Fleet Horsepower Percent of Units Small horsepower <400 488,813 2,878 — — 488,813 2,878 12.4 % 53.4 % Large horsepower >400 and <1,000 422,920 722 — — 422,920 722 10.6 % 13.4 % >1,000 2,982,599 1,764 63,250 28 3,045,849 1,792 77.0 % 33.2 % Total large horsepower 3,405,519 2,486 63,250 28 3,468,769 2,514 87.6 % 46.6 % Total horsepower 3,894,332 5,364 63,250 28 3,957,582 5,392 100.0 % 100.0 % All Other The following details the significant assets in the “All Other” segment. Compression We own Dual Drive Technologies, Ltd, which provides compression services to customers engaged in the transportation of natural gas, including our other segments. Natural Resources Operations Our Natural Resources operations primarily involve the management and leasing of coal properties and the subsequent collection of royalties. We also earn revenues from other land management activities, such as selling standing timber, leasing fee-based coal-related infrastructure facilities to certain lessees and end-user industrial plants, collecting oil and gas royalties and from coal transportation, or wheelage fees. As of December 31, 2025, we owned or controlled approximately 725 million tons of proven and probable coal reserves in central and northern Appalachia, properties in eastern Kentucky, southwestern Virginia and southern West Virginia, and in the Illinois Basin, properties in southern Illinois, Indiana, and western Kentucky and as the operator of end-user coal handling facilities. Business Strategy We believe we have engaged, and will continue to engage, in a well-balanced plan for growth through strategic acquisitions, internally generated expansion, measures aimed at increasing the profitability of our existing assets and executing cost control measures where appropriate to manage our operations. We intend to continue to operate as a diversified, growth-oriented limited partnership. We believe that by pursuing independent operating and growth strategies we will be best positioned to achieve our objectives. We balance our desire for growth with our goal of preserving a strong balance sheet, ample liquidity and investment grade credit metrics. Following is a summary of the business strategies of our core businesses: Growth through acquisitions . We intend to continue to make strategic acquisitions that offer the opportunity for operational efficiencies and the potential for increased utilization and expansion of our existing assets while supporting our investment grade credit ratings. 29 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Engage in construction and expansion opportunities . We intend to leverage our existing infrastructure and customer relationships by constructing and expanding systems to meet new or increased demand for midstream and transportation services. Increase cash flow from fee-based businesses . We intend to increase the percentage of our business conducted with third parties under fee-based arrangements in order to provide for stable, consistent cash flows over long contract periods while reducing exposure to changes in commodity prices. Enhance profitability of existing assets . We intend to increase the profitability of our existing asset base by adding new volumes under long-term producer commitments, undertaking additional initiatives to enhance utilization and reducing costs by improving operations. Competition Natural Gas The business of providing natural gas gathering, compression, treating, transportation, storage and marketing services is highly competitive. Since pipelines are generally the only practical mode of transportation for natural gas over land, the most significant competitors of our transportation and storage segment are other pipelines. Pipelines typically compete with each other based on location, capacity, price and reliability. We face competition with respect to retaining and obtaining significant natural gas supplies under terms favorable to us for the gathering, treating and marketing portions of our business. Our competitors include major integrated oil and gas companies, interstate and intrastate pipelines and other companies that gather, compress, treat, process, transport and market natural gas. Many of our competitors, such as major oil and gas and pipeline companies, have capital resources and control supplies of natural gas substantially greater than ours. In marketing natural gas, we have numerous competitors, including marketing affiliates of interstate pipelines, major integrated oil and gas companies, and local and national natural gas gatherers, brokers and marketers of widely varying sizes, financial resources and experience. Local utilities and distributors of natural gas are, in some cases, engaged directly, and through affiliates, in marketing activities that compete with our marketing operations. NGL In markets served by our NGL pipelines, we face competition with other pipeline companies, including those affiliated with major oil, petrochemical and natural gas companies, and barge, rail and truck fleet operations. In general, our NGL pipelines compete with these entities in terms of transportation fees, reliability and quality of customer service. We face competition with other storage facilities based on fees charged and the ability to receive and distribute the customer’s products. We compete with a number of NGL fractionators in Texas and Louisiana. Competition for such services is primarily based on the fractionation fee charged. Crude Oil and Refined Products In markets served by our crude oil and refined products pipelines, we face competition from other pipelines as well as rail and truck transportation. Generally, pipelines are the safest, lowest cost method for long-haul, overland movement of products and crude oil. Therefore, the most significant competitors for large volume shipments in the areas served by our pipelines are other pipelines. In addition, pipeline operations face competition from rail and trucks that deliver products in a number of areas that our pipeline operations serve. While their costs may not be competitive for longer hauls or large volume shipments, rail and trucks compete effectively for incremental and marginal volume in many areas served by our pipelines. With respect to competition from other pipelines, the primary competitive factors consist of transportation charges, access to crude oil supply and market demand. Competitive factors in crude oil purchasing and marketing include price and contract flexibility, quantity and quality of services, and accessibility to end markets. Our refined product terminals compete with other independent terminals with respect to price, versatility and services provided. The competition primarily comes from integrated petroleum companies, refining and marketing companies, independent terminal companies and distribution companies with marketing and trading operations. Wholesale Fuel Distribution and Retail Marketing In our wholesale fuel distribution business, we compete primarily with other independent motor fuel distributors. The markets for distribution of wholesale motor fuel and the large and growing convenience store industry are highly competitive and 30 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements fragmented, which results in narrow margins. We have numerous competitors, some of which may have significantly greater resources and name recognition than we do. Significant competitive factors include the availability of major brands, customer service, price, range of services offered and quality of service, among others. We rely on our ability to provide value-added and reliable service and to control our operating costs in order to maintain our margins and competitive position. In our retail business, we face strong competition in the market for the sale of retail gasoline and merchandise. Our competitors include service stations of large integrated oil companies, independent gasoline service stations, convenience stores, fast food stores, supermarkets, drugstores, dollar stores, club stores and other similar retail outlets, some of which are well-recognized national or regional retail systems. The number of competitors varies depending on the geographical area. It also varies with gasoline and convenience store offerings. The principal competitive factors affecting our retail marketing operations include gasoline and diesel acquisition costs, site location, product price, selection and quality, site appearance and cleanliness, hours of operation, store safety, customer loyalty and brand recognition. We compete by pricing gasoline competitively, combining our retail gasoline business with convenience stores that provide a wide variety of products, and using advertising and promotional campaigns. Refinery Sunoco LP’s Burnaby Refinery, acquired in the Parkland acquisition, competes with other refineries owned by major energy companies. The majority of the Burnaby Refinery’s production remains in British Columbia, Canada but faces competition with Alberta, Canada-based refineries which consume crude from Alberta, Canada and sell to the British Columbia market with transportation through the Trans Mountain Pipeline and other means. Competition is based primarily on transportation charges, reliability of supply and proximity to end users. Credit Risk and Customers Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty may default on its contractual obligations resulting in a loss to the Partnership. Credit policies have been approved and implemented to govern the Partnership’s portfolio of counterparties with the objective of mitigating credit losses. These policies establish guidelines, controls and limits to manage credit risk within approved tolerances by mandating an appropriate evaluation of the financial condition of existing and potential counterparties, monitoring agency credit ratings and by implementing credit practices that limit exposure according to the risk profiles of the counterparties. Furthermore, the Partnership may, at times, require collateral under certain circumstances to mitigate credit risk as necessary. The Partnership also uses industry standard commercial agreements which allow for the netting of exposures associated with transactions executed under a single commercial agreement. Additionally, we utilize master netting agreements to offset credit exposure across multiple commercial agreements with a single counterparty or affiliated group of counterparties. Our natural gas transportation and midstream revenues are derived significantly from companies that engage in exploration and production activities. In addition to oil and gas producers, the Partnership’s counterparties consist of a diverse portfolio of customers across the energy industry, including petrochemical companies, commercial and industrial end-users, municipalities, gas and electric utilities, midstream companies and independent power generators. Our overall exposure may be affected positively or negatively by macroeconomic or regulatory changes that impact our counterparties to one extent or another. Currently, management does not anticipate a material adverse effect in our financial position or results of operations as a consequence of counterparty non-performance. During the year ended December 31, 2025, none of our customers individually accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated revenues. Regulation Regulation of Interstate Natural Gas Pipelines. The FERC has broad regulatory authority over the business and operations of interstate natural gas pipelines. Under the NGA, the FERC generally regulates the transportation of natural gas in interstate commerce. For FERC regulatory purposes, “transportation” includes natural gas pipeline transmission (forwardhauls and backhauls), storage and other services. FGT, Transwestern, Panhandle, Trunkline, Tiger, Fayetteville Express, Rover, Sea Robin, Midcontinent Express, EGT, MRT, SESH, Stingray, Gulf Run and Southwest Gas transport natural gas in interstate commerce and thus each qualifies as a “natural-gas company” under the NGA subject to the FERC’s regulatory jurisdiction. We also hold certain natural gas storage facilities that are subject to the FERC’s regulatory oversight under the NGA. The FERC’s NGA authority includes the power to: • approve the siting, construction and operation of new facilities; • review and approve transportation rates; • determine the types of services our regulated assets are permitted to perform; 31 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • regulate the terms and conditions associated with these services; • permit the extension or abandonment of services and facilities; • require the maintenance of accounts and records; and • authorize the acquisition and disposition of facilities. Under the NGA, interstate natural gas companies must charge rates that are just and reasonable. In addition, the NGA prohibits natural gas companies from unduly preferring or unreasonably discriminating against any person with respect to pipeline rates or terms and conditions of service. The maximum rates to be charged by NGA-jurisdictional natural gas companies and their terms and conditions for service are required to be on file with the FERC. Most natural gas companies are authorized to offer discounts from their FERC-approved maximum just and reasonable rates when competition warrants such discounts. Natural gas companies are also generally permitted to offer negotiated rates different from rates established in their tariff if, among other requirements, such companies’ tariffs offer a cost-based recourse rate to a prospective shipper as an alternative to the negotiated rate. Natural gas companies must make offers of rate discounts and negotiated rates on a basis that is not unduly discriminatory. Existing tariff rates may be challenged by complaint or on the FERC’s own motion, and if found unjust and unreasonable in a FERC order, may be altered on a prospective basis from no earlier than the date of such FERC order. The FERC must also approve all rate changes. We cannot guarantee that the FERC will allow us to charge rates that fully recover our costs or continue to pursue its approach of pro-competitive policies. Pursuant to the FERC’s rules promulgated under the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (the “EPAct of 2005”), it is unlawful for any entity, directly or indirectly, in connection with the purchase or sale of electric energy or natural gas or the purchase or sale of transmission or transportation services subject to FERC jurisdiction: (i) to defraud using any device, scheme or artifice; (ii) to make any untrue statement of material fact or omit a material fact; or (iii) to engage in any act, practice or course of business that operates or would operate as a fraud or deceit. The Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”) also holds authority to monitor certain segments of the physical and futures energy commodities market pursuant to the Commodity Exchange Act (“CEA”). In addition, the Federal Trade Commission has the authority under the Federal Trade Commission Act of 1914 and the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 to regulate wholesale petroleum markets. With regard to our physical purchases and sales of natural gas, NGLs or other energy commodities; our transportation of these energy commodities; and any related hedging activities that we undertake, we are required to observe these anti-market manipulation laws and related regulations enforced by the FERC, the CFTC and/or the Federal Trade Commission. These agencies hold substantial enforcement authority, including the ability to assess or seek civil penalties of up to approximately $1.5 million per day per violation, to order disgorgement of profits and to recommend criminal penalties. Should we violate the anti-market manipulation laws and regulations, we could also be subject to related third-party damage claims by, among others, sellers, royalty owners and taxing authorities. Failure to comply with the NGA, the EPAct of 2005, the CEA and the other federal laws and regulations governing our operations and business activities can result in the imposition of administrative, civil and criminal remedies. Regulation of Intrastate Natural Gas and NGL Pipelines. Intrastate transportation of natural gas and NGLs is largely regulated by the state in which such transportation takes place. To the extent that our intrastate natural gas transportation systems transport natural gas in interstate commerce, the rates and terms and conditions of such services are subject to FERC jurisdiction under Section 311 of the NGPA. The NGPA regulates, among other things, the provision of transportation services by an intrastate natural gas pipeline on behalf of a local distribution company or an interstate natural gas pipeline. The rates and terms and conditions of some transportation and storage services provided on our pipeline systems of Enable Oklahoma Intrastate Transmission, LLC, Oasis Pipeline, LP, Houston Pipe Line Company LP, ETC Katy Pipeline, LLC, Energy Transfer Fuel, LP, Lobo Pipeline Company, LLC, Pelico Pipeline, LLC, Regency Intrastate Gas LP, Red Bluff Express Pipeline, LLC, Trans-Pecos Pipeline, LLC and Comanche Trail Pipeline, LLC are subject to FERC regulation pursuant to Section 311 of the NGPA. Under Section 311, rates charged for intrastate transportation must be fair and equitable, and amounts collected that are determined to be in excess of fair and equitable rates are subject to refund with interest. The terms and conditions of service set forth in the intrastate facility’s statement of operating conditions are also subject to FERC review and approval. Should the FERC determine not to authorize rates equal to or greater than our currently approved Section 311 rates, our business may be adversely affected. Failure to observe the service limitations applicable to transportation and storage services under Section 311, failure to comply with the rates approved by the FERC for Section 311 service, and failure to comply with the terms and conditions of service established in the pipeline’s FERC-approved statement of operating conditions could result in an alteration of jurisdictional status, and/or the imposition of administrative, civil and criminal remedies. Our intrastate natural gas operations are also subject to regulation by various agencies in Texas, principally the TRRC. Our intrastate pipeline and storage operations in Texas are also subject to the Texas Utilities Code, as implemented by the TRRC. 32 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Generally, the TRRC is vested with authority to ensure that rates, operations and services of gas utilities, including intrastate pipelines, are just and reasonable and not discriminatory. The rates we charge for transportation services are deemed just and reasonable under Texas law unless challenged in a customer or TRRC complaint. We cannot predict whether such a complaint will be filed against us or whether the TRRC will change its regulation of these rates. Failure to comply with the Texas Utilities Code can result in the imposition of administrative, civil and criminal remedies. Our NGL pipelines and operations are subject to state statutes and regulations which could impose additional environmental, safety and operational requirements relating to the design, siting, installation, testing, construction, operation, replacement and management of NGL transportation systems. In some jurisdictions, state public utility commission oversight may include the possibility of fines, penalties and delays in construction related to these regulations. In addition, the rates, terms and conditions of service for shipments of NGLs on our pipelines are subject to regulation by the FERC under the Interstate Commerce Act (“ICA”) and the Energy Policy Act of 1992 (the “EPAct of 1992”) if the NGLs are transported in interstate or foreign commerce whether by our pipelines or other means of transportation. Since we do not control the entire transportation path of all NGLs shipped on our pipelines, FERC regulation could be triggered by our customers’ transportation decisions. Regulation of Sales of Natural Gas and NGLs. The price at which we buy and sell natural gas currently is not subject to federal regulation and, for the most part, is not subject to state regulation. The price at which we sell NGLs is not subject to federal or state regulation. To the extent that we enter into transportation contracts with natural gas pipelines that are subject to FERC regulation, we are subject to FERC requirements related to the use of such capacity. Any failure on our part to comply with the FERC’s regulations and policies, or with an interstate pipeline’s tariff, could result in the imposition of civil and criminal penalties. Our sales of natural gas are affected by the availability, terms and cost of pipeline transportation. As noted above, the price and terms of access to pipeline transportation are subject to extensive federal and state regulation. The FERC frequently proposes and implements new rules and regulations affecting those segments of the natural gas industry. These initiatives also may affect the intrastate transportation of natural gas under certain circumstances. The stated purpose of many of these regulatory changes is to promote competition among the various sectors of the natural gas industry and these initiatives generally reflect more light-handed regulation. We cannot predict the ultimate impact of these regulatory changes to our natural gas marketing operations, and we note that some of the FERC’s regulatory changes may adversely affect the availability and reliability of interruptible transportation service on interstate pipelines. We do not believe that we will be affected by any such FERC action in a manner that is materially different from other natural gas marketers with whom we compete. Regulation of Gathering Pipelines. Section 1(b) of the NGA exempts natural gas gathering facilities from the jurisdiction of the FERC under the NGA. We own a number of natural gas pipelines that we believe meet the traditional tests the FERC uses to establish a pipeline’s status as a gathering pipeline not subject to FERC jurisdiction. However, the distinction between FERC-regulated transmission services and federally unregulated gathering services has been the subject of substantial litigation and varying interpretations, so the classification and regulation of our gathering facilities could be subject to change based on future determinations by the FERC, the courts and Congress. State regulation of gathering facilities generally includes various safety, environmental and, in some circumstances, nondiscriminatory take requirements and complaint-based rate regulation. In Texas, our gathering facilities are subject to regulation by the TRRC under the Texas Utilities Code in the same manner as described above for our intrastate pipeline facilities. Louisiana’s Pipeline Operations Section of the Department of Natural Resources’ Office of Conservation is generally responsible for regulating intrastate pipelines and gathering facilities in Louisiana and has authority to review and authorize natural gas transportation transactions and the construction, acquisition, abandonment and interconnection of physical facilities. Historically, apart from pipeline safety, Louisiana has not acted to exercise this jurisdiction respecting gathering facilities. In Louisiana, our Chalkley System is regulated as an intrastate transporter, and the Louisiana Office of Conservation has determined that our Whiskey Bay System is a gathering system. We are subject to state ratable take and common purchaser statutes in all of the states in which we operate. The ratable take statutes generally require gatherers to take, without undue discrimination, natural gas production that may be tendered to the gatherer for handling. Similarly, common purchaser statutes generally require gatherers to purchase without undue discrimination as to source of supply or producer. These statutes are designed to prohibit discrimination in favor of one producer over another producer or one source of supply over another source of supply. These statutes have the effect of restricting the right of an owner of gathering facilities to decide with whom it contracts to purchase or transport natural gas. Natural gas gathering may receive greater regulatory scrutiny at both the state and federal levels. For example, the TRRC has approved changes to its regulations governing transportation and gathering services performed by intrastate pipelines and gatherers, which prohibit such entities from unduly discriminating in favor of their affiliates. Many of the producing states have 33 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements adopted some form of complaint-based regulation that generally allows natural gas producers and shippers to file complaints with state regulators in an effort to resolve grievances relating to natural gas gathering access and rate discrimination allegations. Our gathering operations could be adversely affected should they be subject in the future to the application of additional or different state or federal regulation of rates and services. Our gathering operations also may be or become subject to safety and operational regulations relating to the design, installation, testing, construction, operation, replacement and management of gathering facilities. Additional rules and legislation pertaining to these matters are considered or adopted from time to time. We cannot predict what effect, if any, such changes might have on our operations, but the industry could be required to incur additional capital expenditures and increased costs depending on future legislative and regulatory changes. Regulation of Interstate Crude Oil, NGL and Products Pipelines. Interstate common carrier pipeline operations are subject to rate regulation by the FERC under the ICA, the EPAct of 1992, and related rules and orders. The ICA requires that tariff rates for petroleum pipelines be “just and reasonable” and not unduly discriminatory and that such rates and terms and conditions of service be filed with the FERC. This statute also permits interested persons to challenge proposed new or changed rates. The FERC is authorized to suspend the effectiveness of such rates for up to seven months, though rates are typically not suspended for the maximum allowable period. If the FERC finds that the new or changed rate is unlawful, it may require the carrier to pay refunds for the period that the rate was in effect. The FERC also may investigate, upon complaint or on its own motion, rates that are already in effect and may order a carrier to change its rates prospectively. Upon an appropriate showing, a shipper may obtain reparations for damages sustained for a period of up to two years prior to the filing of a complaint. The FERC generally has not investigated interstate rates on its own initiative when those rates, like those we charge, have not been the subject of a protest or a complaint by a shipper. However, the FERC could investigate our rates at the urging of a third-party if the third-party is either a current shipper or has a substantial economic interest in the tariff rate level. Although no assurance can be given that the tariff rates charged by us ultimately will be upheld if challenged, management believes that the tariff rates now in effect for our pipelines are within the maximum rates allowed under current FERC policies and precedents. For many locations served by our product and crude pipelines, we are able to establish negotiated rates. Otherwise, we are permitted to charge cost-based rates, or in many cases, grandfathered rates based on historical charges or settlements with our customers. To the extent we rely on cost-of-service ratemaking to establish or support our rates, the issue of the proper allowance for federal and state income taxes could arise. In July 2016, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued an opinion in United Airlines, Inc., et al. v. FERC, finding that the FERC had failed to demonstrate that permitting an interstate petroleum products pipeline organized as a master limited partnership, or MLP, to include an income tax allowance in the cost of service underlying its rates, in addition to the discounted cash flow return on equity, would not result in the pipeline partnership owners double recovering their income taxes. The court vacated the FERC’s order and remanded to the FERC to consider mechanisms for demonstrating that there is no double recovery as a result of the income tax allowance. In March 2018, the FERC issued a Revised Policy Statement on Treatment of Income Taxes in which the FERC found that an impermissible double recovery results from granting an MLP pipeline both an income tax allowance and a return on equity pursuant to the FERC’s discounted cash flow methodology. The FERC revised its previous policy, stating that it would no longer permit an MLP pipeline to recover an income tax allowance in its cost of service. The FERC stated it will address the application of the United Airlines decision to non-MLP partnership forms as those issues arise in subsequent proceedings. In July 2018, the FERC dismissed requests for rehearing and clarification of the March 2018 Revised Policy Statement, but provided further guidance, clarifying that a pass-through entity will not be precluded in a future proceeding from arguing and providing evidentiary support that it is entitled to an income tax allowance and demonstrating that its recovery of an income tax allowance does not result in a double recovery of investors’ income tax costs. On July 31, 2020, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued an opinion upholding FERC’s March 2018 Revised Policy Statement, as clarified and revised on rehearing. In light of the rehearing order’s clarification regarding individual entities’ ability to argue in support of recovery of an income tax allowance and the court’s subsequent opinion upholding denial of an income tax allowance to a master limited partnership, the impacts the FERC’s policy on the treatment of income taxes may have on the rates an interstate pipeline held in a tax-pass-through entity can charge for the FERC regulated transportation services are unknown at this time. Please see “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, who provide a broad array of software, technologies, tools, and other products, services and functions (e.g., human resources, finance, data transmission, communications, risk, compliance, among others) that enable us to conduct, monitor and/or protect our business, operations, systems and data assets. If these third parties fail to adequately safeguard our data or their systems, or if they experience security breaches, our operations and reputation may be adversely affected. Our information and operational technology and infrastructure, physical assets and data, may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses, malicious attacks and other events (e.g., distributed denial of service attacks, ransomware attacks) that are beyond our control. These events can result from malfeasance by external parties, such as hackers, or due to human error or malfeasance by our or our service providers’ employees and contractors (e.g., due to social engineering or phishing attacks). In addition, work-from-home arrangements may present additional operational and cybersecurity risks to our information technology infrastructure and physical assets. We and certain of our service providers have, from time to time, been subject to cyber attacks and security incidents. The frequency and magnitude of cyber attacks globally is increasing and attackers are becoming more sophisticated. Cyber attacks, including, but not limited to, malicious software, surveillance, credential stuffing, spear phishing, social engineering, use of deepfakes (i.e., highly realistic synthetic media generated by artificial intelligence), attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data, are evolving. Although we have implemented and maintain commercially reasonable security measures, including detection and prevention systems, regular cybersecurity assessments, employee training programs, and an incident response plan, there is no guarantee that these measures will successfully prevent security threats, detect them in a timely manner, or mitigate their impact. We may be unable to anticipate, detect or prevent future attacks, particularly as the methodologies used by attackers change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and we may be unable to investigate or remediate incidents because attackers are increasingly using techniques and tools designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. Breaches of our information and operational technology infrastructure or physical assets, or other disruptions, could result in damage to our assets, safety incidents, damage to the environment, potential liability or the loss of contracts, data loss or corruption, misdirected wire transfers, an inability to maintain our books and records or an inability to prevent environmental damage, any or all of which could, in turn, have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial position and results of operations. A successful cyber attack or other security incident could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or loss could result in legal claims or proceedings, significant litigation costs, regulatory investigations and enforcement, penalties and fines, increased costs for system remediation and compliance requirements, disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, or loss of confidence in our products and services, any or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results. We may be required to invest significant additional resources to comply with evolving cybersecurity and data privacy laws and regulations and to modify and enhance our information and operational security and controls, and to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Any losses, costs or liabilities may not be covered by, or may exceed the coverage limits of, any or all of our applicable insurance policies. Our operations could be disrupted if our information systems fail, causing increased expenses and loss of sales. Our business is highly dependent on financial, accounting and other data processing systems and other communications and information systems, including our enterprise resource planning tools. We process a large number of transactions on a daily basis and rely upon the proper functioning of computer systems. If a key system was to fail or experience unscheduled downtime for any reason, even if only for a short period, our operations and financial results could be affected adversely. Our systems could be damaged or interrupted by a security breach, fire, flood, power loss, telecommunications failure or similar event. We have a formal disaster recovery plan in place, but this plan may not entirely prevent delays or other complications that could arise from an information systems failure. Our insurance may not compensate us adequately for losses that may occur. Prolonged outages or disruptions in our information technology infrastructure could impair our ability to deliver services, meet customer expectations or comply with regulatory requirements. 58 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Product liability claims and litigation could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Product liability is a significant commercial risk. Substantial damage awards have been made in certain jurisdictions against manufacturers and resellers based upon claims for injuries caused by the use of or exposure to various products. There can be no assurance that product liability claims against us would not have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. Along with other refiners, manufacturers and sellers of gasoline, ETC Sunoco is a defendant in numerous lawsuits that allege MTBE contamination in groundwater. Plaintiffs, who include water purveyors and municipalities responsible for supplying drinking water and private well owners, are seeking compensatory damages (and in some cases injunctive relief, punitive damages and attorneys’ fees) for claims relating to the alleged manufacture and distribution of a defective product (MTBE-containing gasoline) that contaminates groundwater, and general allegations of product liability, nuisance, trespass, negligence, violation of environmental laws and deceptive business practices. There has been insufficient information developed about the plaintiffs’ legal theories or the facts that would be relevant to an analysis of the ultimate liability to ETC Sunoco. An adverse determination of liability related to these allegations or other product liability claims against ETC Sunoco could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. We do not control, and therefore may not be able to cause or prevent certain actions by, certain of our joint ventures. Certain of our operations are conducted through joint ventures, some of which have their own governing boards. With respect to our joint ventures, we share ownership and management responsibilities with partners that may not share our goals and objectives. Consequently, it may be difficult or impossible for us to cause the joint venture entity to take actions that we believe would be in their or the joint venture’s best interests. Likewise, we may be unable to prevent actions of the joint venture. Differences in views among joint venture partners may result in delayed decisions or failures to agree on major matters, such as large expenditures or contractual commitments, the construction or acquisition of assets or borrowing money, among others. Delay or failure to agree may prevent action with respect to such matters, even though such action may serve our best interest or that of the joint venture. Accordingly, delayed decisions and disagreements could adversely affect the business and operations of the joint ventures and, in turn, our business and operations. The use of derivative financial instruments could result in material financial losses by us. From time to time, we and/or our subsidiaries have sought to reduce our exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices and interest rates by using derivative financial instruments and other risk management mechanisms and by our trading, marketing and/or system optimization activities. To the extent that we hedge our commodity price and interest rate exposures, we forgo the benefits we would otherwise experience if commodity prices or interest rates were to change in our favor. The accounting standards regarding hedge accounting are very complex, and even when we engage in hedging transactions that are effective economically (whether to mitigate our exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices, or to balance our exposure to fixed and variable interest rates), these transactions may not be considered effective for accounting purposes. Accordingly, our consolidated financial statements may reflect some volatility due to these hedges, even when there is no underlying economic impact at that point. It is also not always possible for us to engage in a hedging transaction that completely mitigates our exposure to commodity prices. Our consolidated financial statements may reflect a gain or loss arising from an exposure to commodity prices for which we are unable to enter into a completely effective hedge. In addition, our derivatives activities can result in losses. Such losses could occur under various circumstances, including if a counterparty does not perform its obligations under the derivative arrangement, the hedge is imperfect, commodity prices move unfavorably related to our physical or financial positions or hedging policies and procedures are not followed. Increasing levels of congestion in the Houston Ship Channel could result in a diversion of business to less busy ports. Our Gulf Coast facilities are strategically situated on prime real estate located in the Houston Ship Channel, which is in close proximity to both supply sources and demand sources. In recent years, the success of the Port of Houston has led to an increase in vessel traffic driven in part by the growing overseas demand for U.S. crude, gasoline, liquefied natural gas and petrochemicals and in part by the Port of Houston’s expansions to accept large container vessels, which can restrict the flow of other cargo. Increasing congestion in the Port of Houston, which is currently the busiest port in the U.S. by waterborne tonnage and which has increased volumes in the last few years, could cause our customers or potential customers to divert their business to smaller ports in the Gulf of America, which could result in lower utilization of our facilities. 59 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The costs of providing pension and other postretirement health care benefits and related funding requirements are subject to changes in pension fund values, changing demographics and fluctuating actuarial assumptions and may have a material adverse effect on our financial results. Certain of our subsidiaries provide pension plan and other postretirement healthcare benefits to certain of their employees. The costs of providing pension and other postretirement health care benefits and related funding requirements are subject to changes in pension and other postretirement fund values, changing demographics and fluctuating actuarial assumptions that may have a material adverse effect on the Partnership’s future consolidated financial results. While certain of the costs incurred in providing such pension and other postretirement healthcare benefits are recovered through the rates charged by the Partnership’s regulated businesses, the Partnership’s subsidiaries may not recover all of the costs and those rates are generally not immediately responsive to current market conditions or funding requirements. Additionally, if the current cost recovery mechanisms are changed or eliminated, the impact of these benefits on operating results could significantly increase. Mergers among customers and competitors could result in lower volumes being shipped on our pipelines or products stored in or distributed through our terminals, or reduced crude oil marketing margins or volumes. Mergers between existing customers could provide strong economic incentives for the combined entities to utilize their existing systems instead of our systems in those markets where the systems compete. As a result, we could lose some or all of the volumes and associated revenues from these customers and could experience difficulty in replacing those lost volumes and revenues, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Fraudulent activity or misuse of proprietary data involving our outsourcing partners could expose us to additional liability. We utilize both affiliated entities and third parties in the processing of our information and data. Breaches of security measures or the accidental loss, inadvertent disclosure or unapproved dissemination of proprietary information, or sensitive or confidential data about us or our customers, including the potential loss or disclosure of such information or data as a result of fraud or other forms of deception, could expose us to a risk of loss, or misuse of this information, result in litigation and potential liability, lead to reputational damage, increase our compliance costs, or otherwise harm our business. Our trucking fleet operations are subject to the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Regulations which are enacted, reviewed and amended by the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration (“FMCSA”). Our fleet currently has a “satisfactory” safety rating; however, if our safety rating were downgraded to “unsatisfactory,” our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. All federally regulated carriers’ safety ratings are measured through a program implemented by the FMCSA known as the Compliance Safety Accountability (“CSA”) program. The CSA program measures a carrier’s safety performance based on violations observed during roadside inspections as opposed to compliance audits performed by the FMCSA. The quantity and severity of any violations are compared to a peer group of companies of comparable size and annual mileage. If a company rises above a threshold established by the FMCSA, it is subject to action from the FMCSA. There is a progressive intervention strategy that begins with a company providing the FMCSA with an acceptable plan of corrective action that the company will implement. If the issues are not corrected, the intervention escalates to on-site compliance audits and ultimately an “unsatisfactory” rating and the revocation of its operating authority by the FMCSA could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Indebtedness Our debt level and debt agreements may limit our ability to make distributions to Unitholders and may limit our future financial and operating flexibility. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $68.33 billion of consolidated debt, excluding the debt of our unconsolidated joint ventures. Our level of indebtedness affects our operations in several ways, including, among other things: • a significant portion of our and our subsidiaries’ cash flow from operations will be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on outstanding debt and will not be available for other purposes, including payment of distributions; • covenants contained in our and our subsidiaries’ existing debt agreements require us and them, as applicable, to meet financial tests that may adversely affect our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business; • our and our subsidiaries’ ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general partnership, corporate or limited liability company purposes, as applicable, may be limited; • we may be at a competitive disadvantage relative to similar companies that have less debt; • we may be more vulnerable to adverse economic and industry conditions as a result of our significant debt level; and 60 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • failure by us or our subsidiaries to comply with the various restrictive covenants of our respective debt agreements could negatively impact our ability to incur additional debt, including our ability to utilize the available capacity under our revolving credit facility, and our ability to pay our distributions. The debt level and debt agreements of our subsidiaries, including Sunoco LP and USAC, may limit the distributions we receive from these subsidiaries, as well as our future financial and operating flexibility. Our subsidiaries’ levels of indebtedness affect their operations in several ways, including, among other things: • a significant portion of our subsidiaries’ cash flows from operations will be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on outstanding debt and will not be available for other purposes, including payment of distributions to us; • covenants contained in our subsidiaries’ existing debt agreements require the respective subsidiaries, as applicable, to meet financial tests that may adversely affect their flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in their respective businesses; • our subsidiaries’ ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions and general partnership, corporate or limited liability company purposes, as applicable, may be limited; • our subsidiaries may be at a competitive disadvantage relative to similar companies that have less debt; • our subsidiaries may be more vulnerable to adverse economic and industry conditions as a result of their debt levels; • failure by our subsidiaries to comply with the various restrictive covenants of the respective debt agreements could negatively impact the respective subsidiaries’ ability to incur additional debt, including their ability to utilize the available capacity under their revolving credit facilities, and to pay distributions to us and their unitholders. We do not have the same flexibility as other types of organizations to accumulate cash, which may limit cash available to service our debt or to repay debt at maturity. Unlike a corporation, our Partnership Agreement requires us to distribute, on a quarterly basis, 100% of our Available Cash (as defined in our Partnership Agreement) to our Unitholders of record and our general partner. Available Cash is generally all of our cash on hand as of the end of a quarter, adjusted for cash distributions and net changes to reserves. Our general partner will determine the amount and timing of such distributions and has broad discretion to establish and make additions to our reserves or the reserves of our operating subsidiaries in amounts it determines in its reasonable discretion to be necessary or appropriate: • to provide for the proper conduct of our business and the businesses of our operating subsidiaries (including reserves for future capital expenditures and for our anticipated future credit needs); • to provide funds for distributions to our Unitholders and our general partner for any one or more of the next four calendar quarters; or • to comply with applicable law or any of our loan or other agreements. Increases in interest rates could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. In addition to our exposure to commodity prices, we have significant exposure to changes in interest rates, including the significant increases in prevailing interest rates as a result of changes in federal monetary and fiscal policy. Approximately $4.25 billion of our consolidated debt as of December 31, 2025 bears interest at variable interest rates and the remainder bears interest at fixed rates. To the extent that we have debt with floating interest rates, our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be materially adversely affected by increases in interest rates. An increase in interest rates could impact demand for our storage capacity. There is a financing cost for a storage capacity user to own crude oil while it is stored. That financing cost is impacted by the cost of capital or interest rate incurred by the storage user, in addition to the commodity cost of the crude oil in inventory. Absent other factors, a higher financing cost adversely impacts the economics of storing crude oil for future sale. As a result, a significant increase in interest rates could adversely affect the demand for our storage capacity independent of other market factors. An increase in interest rates may also cause a corresponding decline in demand for equity investments, in general, and in particular for yield-based equity investments such as our Common Units. Any such reduction in demand for our Common Units resulting from other more attractive investment opportunities may cause the trading price of our Common Units to decline. 61 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements A downgrade of our credit ratings could impact our and our subsidiaries’ liquidity, access to capital and costs of doing business, and maintaining credit ratings is under the control of independent third parties. A downgrade of our credit ratings may increase our and our subsidiaries’ cost of borrowing and could require us to post collateral with third parties, negatively impacting our available liquidity. Our and our subsidiaries’ ability to access capital markets could also be limited by a downgrade of our credit ratings and other disruptions. Such disruptions could include: • economic downturns; • deteriorating capital market conditions; • declining market prices for crude oil, natural gas, NGLs and other commodities; • terrorist attacks or threatened attacks on our facilities or those of other energy companies; and • the overall health of the energy industry, including the bankruptcy or insolvency of other companies. Credit rating agencies perform independent analysis when assigning credit ratings. The analysis includes a number of criteria including, but not limited to, business composition, market and operational risks, as well as various financial tests. Credit rating agencies continue to review the criteria for industry sectors and various debt ratings and may make changes to those criteria from time to time. Credit ratings are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold investments in the rated entity. Ratings are subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the rating agencies, and we cannot assure you that we will maintain our current credit ratings. Capital Projects and Future Growth If we and our subsidiaries do not make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, our future growth could be limited. Our results of operations and our ability to grow and to make distributions to Unitholders will depend in part on our ability to make acquisitions that are accretive to our distributable cash flow per unit. We may be unable to make accretive acquisitions for any of the following reasons, among others: • because we are unable to identify attractive acquisition candidates or negotiate acceptable purchase contracts with them; • because we are unable to raise financing for such acquisitions on economically acceptable terms; • because of recent heightened antitrust focus in the energy industry creating potential risk, expense and delays in connection with prospective acquisitions and consolidations; or • because we are outbid by competitors, particularly as a trend of consolidation within the energy industry continues, some of which are substantially larger than us and have greater financial resources and lower costs of capital then we do. Furthermore, even if we consummate acquisitions that we believe will be accretive, those acquisitions may in fact adversely affect our results of operations or result in a decrease in distributable cash flow per unit. Any acquisition involves potential risks, including the risk that we may: • fail to realize anticipated benefits, such as new customer relationships, cost-savings or cash flow enhancements; • decrease our liquidity by using a significant portion of our available cash or borrowing capacity to finance acquisitions; • significantly increase our interest expense or financial leverage if we incur additional debt to finance acquisitions; • encounter difficulties operating in new geographic areas or new lines of business; • incur or assume unanticipated liabilities, losses or costs associated with the business or assets acquired for which we are not indemnified or for which the indemnity is inadequate; • be unable to hire, train or retrain qualified personnel to manage and operate our growing business and assets; • less effectively manage our historical assets, due to the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns; or • incur other significant charges, such as impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets, asset devaluation or restructuring charges. If we consummate future acquisitions, our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly. As we determine the application of our funds and other resources, Unitholders will not have an opportunity to evaluate the economic, financial and other relevant information that we will consider. 62 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Capital projects may require significant amounts of debt and equity financing, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. We may fund our growth capital expenditures, including any new pipeline construction projects and improvements or repairs to existing facilities that we may undertake, with proceeds from sales of our debt and equity securities and borrowings under our revolving credit facility; however, we cannot be certain that we will be able to issue our debt and equity securities on terms satisfactory to us, or at all. If we are required to seek alternative financing, the terms of which may not be attractive to us, or to revise or cancel our expansion plans. A significant increase in our indebtedness that is proportionately greater than our issuance of equity could negatively impact our and our subsidiaries’ credit ratings or our ability to remain in compliance with the financial covenants under our revolving credit agreement, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 could decrease demand for crude oil and natural gas and could impose new costs on our operations. In August 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA 2022”), which contains hundreds of billions in incentives for the development of renewable energy, clean hydrogen, clean fuels, electric vehicles and supporting infrastructure and carbon capture and sequestration, amongst other provisions. In addition, the IRA 2022 amended the Clean Air Act to impose a fee on the emission of methane from sources required to report their GHG emissions to the EPA, including those sources in the onshore petroleum and natural gas production categories. However, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”) amended the Clean Air Act to postpone the implementation of the fee until 2034. Although the OBBBA made various changes to the incentives created under the IRA 2022, including elimination of electric vehicle credits, if the incentives offered for various clean energy industries referenced above are pursued in the future, it could further accelerate the transition of the economy away from the use of fossil fuels and decrease demand for gasoline and diesel, increase our compliance and operating costs and consequently adversely affect our business. If we do not continue to construct new pipelines, our future growth could be limited. Our results of operations and ability to grow and to increase distributable cash flow per unit will depend, in part, on our ability to construct pipelines that are accretive to our distributable cash flow. We may be unable to construct pipelines that are accretive to distributable cash flow for any of the following reasons, among others: • we are unable to identify pipeline construction opportunities with favorable projected financial returns; • we are unable to obtain necessary governmental approvals and contracts with qualified contractors and vendors on acceptable terms; • we are unable to raise financing for our identified pipeline construction opportunities; or • we are unable to secure sufficient transportation commitments from potential customers due to competition from other pipeline construction projects or for other reasons. Furthermore, even if we construct a pipeline that we believe will be accretive, the pipeline may in fact adversely affect our results of operations or results from those projected prior to commencement of construction and other factors. Expanding our business by constructing new pipelines and related facilities subjects us to risks. One of the ways that we have grown our business is through the construction of additions to our existing gathering, compression, treating, processing and transportation systems. The construction of new pipelines and related facilities (or the improvement and repair of existing facilities) involves numerous regulatory, environmental, political and legal uncertainties beyond our control and requires the expenditure of significant amounts of capital that we will be required to finance through borrowings, the issuance of additional equity or from operating cash flow. If we undertake these projects, they may not be completed on schedule, at all, or at the budgeted cost. A variety of factors outside our control, such as weather, natural disasters and difficulties in obtaining permits and rights-of-way or other regulatory approvals, as well as the performance by third-party contractors, may result in increased costs or delays in construction. For example, in recent years, pipeline projects by many companies have been subject to several challenges by environmental groups, such as challenges to agency reviews under the NEPA and to the USACE NWP program. Any changes to the USACE NWP program that exclude our projects from coverage could require us to reroute pipeline projects, or seek individual permits that involve longer permitting timelines, leading to construction delays. For more information on the NWP program, see our regulatory disclosure titled “Clean Water Act.” Separately, cost overruns or delays in completing a project could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Moreover, our revenues may not increase immediately following the completion of a particular project. For instance, if we build a new pipeline, the construction will occur over an extended period of time, but we may not materially 63 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements increase our revenues until long after the project’s completion. In addition, the success of a pipeline construction project will likely depend upon the level of oil and natural gas exploration and development drilling activity and the demand for pipeline transportation in the areas proposed to be serviced by the project as well as our ability to obtain commitments from producers in the area to utilize the newly constructed pipelines. In this regard, we may construct facilities to capture anticipated future growth in oil or natural gas production in a region in which such growth does not materialize. As a result, new facilities may be unable to attract enough throughput or contracted capacity reservation commitments to achieve our expected investment return, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Integration of assets acquired in past acquisitions or future acquisitions with our existing business will be a complex and time-consuming process. A failure to successfully integrate the acquired assets with our existing business in a timely manner may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash available for distribution to Unitholders. The difficulties of integrating past and future acquisitions with our business include, among other things: • operating a larger combined organization in new geographic areas and new lines of business; • hiring, training or retaining qualified personnel to manage and operate our growing business and assets; • integrating management teams and employees into existing operations and establishing effective communication and information exchange with such management teams and employees; • diversion of management’s attention from our existing business; • assimilation of acquired assets and operations, including additional regulatory programs; • loss of customers or key employees; • maintaining an effective system of internal controls in compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as well as other regulatory compliance and corporate governance matters; and • integrating new technology systems for financial reporting. If any of these risks or other unanticipated liabilities or costs were to materialize, then desired benefits from past acquisitions and future acquisitions resulting in a negative impact to our future results of operations. In addition, acquired assets may perform at levels below the forecasts used to evaluate their acquisition, due to factors beyond our control. If the acquired assets perform at levels below the forecasts, then our future results of operations could be negatively impacted. Also, our reviews of proposed business or asset acquisitions are inherently imperfect because it is generally not feasible to perform an in-depth review of each such proposal given time constraints imposed by sellers. Even if performed, a detailed review of assets and businesses may not reveal existing or potential problems and may not provide sufficient familiarity with such business or assets to fully assess their deficiencies and potential. Inspections may not be performed on every asset, and environmental problems, may not be observable even when an inspection is undertaken. We are affected by competition from other midstream, transportation, terminalling and storage companies. We experience competition in all of our business segments. With respect to our midstream operations, we compete for both natural gas supplies and customers for our services. Our competitors include major integrated oil companies, interstate and intrastate pipelines and companies that gather, compress, treat, process, transport, store and market natural gas. Our natural gas and NGL transportation pipelines and storage facilities compete with other interstate and intrastate pipeline companies and storage providers in the transportation and storage of natural gas and NGLs. The principal elements of competition among pipelines are rates, terms of service, access to sources of supply and the flexibility and reliability of service. Natural gas and NGLs also compete with other forms of energy, including electricity, coal, fuel oils and renewable or alternative energy. Competition among fuels and energy supplies is primarily based on price; however, non-price factors, including governmental regulation, environmental impacts, efficiency, ease of use and handling, and the availability of subsidies and tax benefits also affects competitive outcomes. In markets served by our NGL pipelines, we compete with other pipeline companies and barge, rail and truck fleet operations. We also face competition with other storage and fractionation facilities based on fees charged and the ability to receive, distribute and/or fractionate the customer’s products. Our crude oil and refined petroleum products pipelines face significant competition from other pipelines for large volume shipments. These operations also face competition from trucks for incremental and marginal volumes in the areas we serve. 64 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Further, our crude and refined product terminals compete with terminals owned by integrated petroleum companies, refining and marketing companies, independent terminal companies and distribution companies with marketing and trading operations. We, Sunoco LP and USAC may not be able to fully execute our growth strategy if we encounter increased competition for qualified assets. Our strategy contemplates growth through the development and acquisition of a wide range of midstream, transportation, storage and other energy infrastructure assets while maintaining a strong balance sheet. This strategy includes constructing and acquiring additional assets and businesses to enhance our ability to compete effectively and diversify our asset portfolio, thereby providing more stable cash flow. We regularly consider and enter into discussions regarding the acquisition of additional assets and businesses, stand-alone development projects or other transactions that we believe will present opportunities to realize synergies and increase our cash flow. Consistent with our strategy, we may, from time to time, engage in discussions with potential sellers regarding the possible acquisition of additional assets or businesses. Such acquisition efforts may involve our participation in processes that involve a number of potential buyers, commonly referred to as “auction” processes, as well as situations in which we believe we are the only party or one of a very limited number of potential buyers in negotiations with the potential seller. We cannot give assurance that our acquisition efforts will be successful or that any acquisition will be completed on terms considered favorable to us. In addition, we may experience increased competition for the assets we purchase or contemplate purchasing. Increased competition for a limited pool of assets could result in us losing to other bidders more often or acquiring assets at higher prices, both of which would limit our ability to fully execute our growth strategy. Inability to execute our growth strategy may materially adversely impact our results of operations. We compete with other businesses in our market with respect to attracting and retaining qualified employees. Our continued success depends on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel in all areas of our business. We compete with other businesses in our market with respect to attracting and retaining qualified employees. A tight labor market, increased overtime and a higher full-time employee ratio may cause labor costs to increase. A shortage of qualified employees may require us to enhance wage and benefits packages in order to compete effectively in the hiring and retention of such employees or to hire more expensive temporary employees. No assurance can be given that our labor costs will not increase, or that such increases can be recovered through increased prices charged to customers. We are especially vulnerable to labor shortages in oil and gas drilling areas when energy prices drive higher exploration and production activity. Regulatory Matters Increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing or produced water disposal could result in reductions or delays in crude oil and natural gas production in our areas of operation, which could adversely impact our business and results of operations. The hydraulic fracturing process has come under considerable scrutiny from sections of the public as well as environmental and other groups asserting that chemicals used in the hydraulic fracturing process could adversely affect drinking water supplies and may have other detrimental impacts on public health, safety, welfare and the environment. In addition, the water disposal process has come under scrutiny from sections of the public as well as environmental and other groups asserting that the operation of certain water disposal wells has caused increased seismic activity. Additionally, several candidates for political office in both state and federal government have announced intentions to impose greater restrictions on hydraulic fracturing or produced water disposal. For example, on January 27, 2021, the Biden Administration issued an executive order temporarily suspending the issuance of new authorizations, and suspending the issuance of new leases pending completion of a review of current practices, for oil and gas development on federal lands and waters (but not tribal lands that the federal government merely holds in trust). The suspension of these federal leasing activities prompted legal action by several states against the Biden Administration, resulting in issuance of a nationwide preliminary injunction by a federal district judge in Louisiana in June 2021, followed by a permanent injunction in August 2022, effectively halting implementation of the leasing suspension. On January 20, 2025, President Trump issued an executive order rescinding the suspension; however, litigation challenging the rescission in the U.S. District Court for the District of Alaska is ongoing. Relatedly, the Department of the Interior (“DOI”) released its report on federal gas leasing and permitting practices in November 2021, referencing a number of recommendations and an overarching intent to modernize the federal oil and gas leasing program, including by adjusting royalty and bonding rates, prioritizing leasing in areas with known resource potential, and avoiding leasing that conflicts with recreation, wildlife habitat, conservation, and historical and cultural resources. In 2022, the recommendations in this report resulted in a reduction in the volume of onshore land held for lease and an increased royalty rate, and in 2024, the DOI finalized a rule to modernize the fiscal terms of the leasing program. Implementation of many of the 65 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements recommendations in the DOI report will require Congressional action and we cannot predict the extent to which the recommendations may be implemented now or in the future, but restrictions on federal oil and gas activities have the potential to result in increased costs on us and our customers, decrease demand for our services on federal lands, and adversely impact our business. Separately, in March 2024, the Bureau of Land Management (“BLM”) finalized a rule that requires operators to limit flaring from well sites on federal lands, as well as allow the delay or denial of permits if the BLM finds that an operator’s methane waste minimization plan is insufficient. The rule was challenged by various states in the District Court for the District of North Dakota and, in September 2024, the court ordered that the rule cannot be enforced against the plaintiff states pending the outcome of the litigation, and the BLM announced in December 2025 that it would delay enforcement of certain compliance deadlines under the rule through December 2026. Although the rule is currently being implemented against leases not covered by the order, the future of the rule is uncertain. Additionally, on January 28, 2026, the U.S. Department of Agriculture issued a final rule clarifying and streamlining the process for identifying and permitting federal lands managed by the U.S. Forest Service available for oil and gas leasing. In addition, the Colorado Energy and Carbon Management Commission (“CECMC”) (formerly the Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission) adopted new rules to cover a variety of matters related to public health, safety, welfare, wildlife, and environmental resources, and has issued new rules regarding the cumulative impacts of oil and gas projects; most significantly, these rule changes establish more stringent setbacks (2,000-foot, instead of the prior 500-foot) on new oil and gas development and eliminate routine flaring and venting of natural gas at new or existing wells across the state, each subject to only limited exceptions. CECMC also adopted regulations in March 2025 requiring companies to reduce the amount of fresh water used for oil and gas operations and increase the use of recycled produced water. Some local communities have adopted, or are considering adopting, additional restrictions for oil and gas activities, such as requiring even greater setbacks. While the final impacts of these developments cannot be predicted, the adoption of new laws or regulations imposing additional permitting, disclosures, restrictions or costs related to hydraulic fracturing or produced water disposal or prohibiting hydraulic fracturing in proximity to areas considered to be environmentally sensitive could make drilling certain wells impossible or less economically attractive. As a result, the volume of crude oil and natural gas we gather, transport and store for our customers could be substantially reduced which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. Legal or regulatory actions related to the Dakota Access Pipeline could cause an interruption to current or future operations, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. On July 27, 2016, the Standing Rock Sioux Tribe and other Native American tribes (the “Tribes”) filed a lawsuit in the United States District Court for the District of Columbia (“District Court”) challenging permits issued by the USACE permitting Dakota Access to cross the Missouri River at Lake Oahe in North Dakota. The case was subsequently amended to challenge an easement issued by the USACE allowing the pipeline to cross land owned by the USACE adjacent to the Missouri River. As a result of this litigation, the District Court vacated the easement, ordered USACE to prepare an Environmental Impact Statement (“EIS”), and order the pipeline shutdown and drained of oil. Dakota Access and USACE appealed this decision and moved for a stay of the District Court’s orders. On August 5, 2020, the Court of Appeals granted a stay of the portion of the District Court order that required Dakota Access to shut the pipeline down and empty it of oil, but the Court of Appeals denied a stay of the easement vacatur. The August 5, 2020 order also stated that the Court of Appeals expected the USACE to clarify its position with respect to whether USACE intends to allow the continued operation of the pipeline notwithstanding the vacatur of the easement and that the District Court may consider additional relief, if necessary. Following this order, the Tribes filed a motion with the District Court seeking an injunction to prevent the continued operation of the pipeline. On January 26, 2021, the Court of Appeals affirmed the District Court’s order requiring an EIS and its order vacating the easement. In the same January 26 order, the Court of Appeals also overturned the District Court’s July 6, 2020 order that the pipeline be shut down and emptied of oil because of the lack of findings sufficient to satisfy the legal requirements for injunctive relief, including a finding of irreparable harm to the Tribes in the absence of an injunction. Dakota Access filed for rehearing en banc on April 12, 2021, which the Court of Appeals denied. On September 20, 2021, Dakota Access filed a petition with the U.S. Supreme Court to hear the case. Oppositions were filed by the Solicitor General and plaintiffs, and Dakota Access has filed its reply. The District Court scheduled a status conference for February 10, 2021 to discuss the impact of the Court of Appeals’ ruling on the pending motion for injunctive relief, as well as USACE’s expectations as to how it will proceed in light of the Court of Appeals’ recent vacatur ruling. USACE filed a motion for a continuance of the status conference until April 9, 2021, and this motion was approved by the District Court on February 9, 2021. Dakota Access and the Tribes filed their supplemental declarations on April 19, 2021 and April 26, 2021, respectively. On April 26, 2021, the District Court requested that USACE advise it by May 3, 2021 as to USACE’s current position, if it has one, with respect to the motion. On May 3, 2021, USACE advised the District Court that it had not changed its position with respect to its opposition to the Tribes’ motion for injunction. The USACE also advised the District Court that it expected that the EIS will be completed by March 2022. On May 21, 2021 the District Court denied the plaintiffs’ request for an injunction. The District Court further directed the parties to file a joint status report by June 11, 2021 concerning potential next steps in the litigation. On June 22, 2021, the District Court terminated the consolidated lawsuits and dismissed all remaining outstanding counts without prejudice. On January 20, 2022, the Standing 66 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Rock Sioux Tribe withdrew as a cooperating agency on the draft EIS, prompting the USACE to temporarily pause on the draft EIS. On September 8, 2023, the USACE published the Draft EIS. In December 2025, the USACE issued a Final EIS concluding that the USACE’s preferred alternative is that the USACE reissue its easement to DAPL subject to additional easement conditions. The USACE has not yet issued a Record of Decision with DAPL’s easement, but it is expected to issue in early 2026. For further information, see Note 11 to our consolidated financial statements included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” in this annual report. Our interstate natural gas pipelines are subject to laws, regulations and policies governing the rates they are allowed to charge for their services, which may prevent us from fully recovering our costs. Laws, regulations and policies governing interstate natural gas pipeline rates could affect the ability of our interstate pipelines to establish rates, to charge rates that would cover future increases in its costs, or to continue to collect rates that cover current costs. We are required to file with the FERC tariff rates (also known as recourse rates) that shippers may pay for interstate natural gas transportation services. We may also agree to discount these rates on a not unduly discriminatory basis or negotiate rates with shippers who elect not to pay the recourse rates. The FERC must approve or accept all rate filings for us to be allowed to charge such tariff rates. The FERC may review existing tariff rates on its own initiative or upon receipt of a complaint filed by a third-party. The FERC may, on a prospective basis, order refunds of amounts collected if it finds the rates to have been shown not to be just and reasonable or to have been unduly discriminatory. The FERC has recently exercised this authority with respect to several pipeline companies, including Panhandle. If the FERC were to initiate additional proceedings against us and find that our rates were not just and reasonable or were unduly discriminatory, the maximum rates we are permitted to charge may be reduced and the reduction could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. The costs of our interstate pipeline operations may increase, and we may not be able to recover all of those costs due to FERC regulation of our rates. If we propose to change our tariff rates, our proposed rates may be challenged by the FERC or third parties, and the FERC may deny, modify or limit our proposed changes if we are unable to persuade the FERC that changes would result in just and reasonable rates that are not unduly discriminatory. We also may be limited by the terms of rate case settlement agreements or negotiated rate agreements with individual customers from seeking future rate increases, or we may be constrained by competitive factors from charging our tariff rates. To the extent our costs increase in an amount greater than our revenues increase, or there is a lag between our cost increases and our ability to file for and obtain rate increases, our operating results would be negatively affected. Even if a rate increase is permitted by the FERC to become effective, the rate increase may not be adequate. We cannot guarantee that our interstate pipelines will be able to recover all of our costs through existing or future rates. The ability of interstate pipelines held in tax-pass-through entities, like us, to include an allowance for income taxes as a cost-of-service element in their regulated rates has been subject to extensive litigation before the FERC and the courts for a number of years. Effective January 2018, the 2017 Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the “Tax Act”) changed several provisions of the federal tax code, including a reduction in the maximum corporate tax rate. On March 15, 2018, in a set of related proposals, the FERC addressed treatment of federal income tax allowances in regulated entity rates. The FERC issued a Revised Policy Statement on Treatment of Income Taxes (“Revised Policy Statement”) stating that it will no longer permit master limited partnerships to recover an income tax allowance in their cost-of-service rates. The FERC issued the Revised Policy Statement in response to a remand from the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit in United Airlines v. FERC, in which the court determined that the FERC had not justified its conclusion that a pipeline organized as a master limited partnership would not “double recover” its taxes under the current policy by both including an income-tax allowance in its cost of service and earning a return on equity (“ROE”) calculated using the discounted cash flow methodology. On July 18, 2018, the FERC clarified that a pipeline organized as a master limited partnership will not be precluded in a future proceeding from arguing and providing evidentiary support that it is entitled to an income tax allowance and demonstrating that its recovery of an income tax allowance does not result in a double-recovery of investors’ income tax costs. On July 31, 2020, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit issued an opinion upholding FERC’s decision denying a separate master limited partnership recovery of an income tax allowance and its decision not to require the master limited partnership to refund accumulated deferred income tax balances. In light of the rehearing order’s clarification regarding individual entities’ ability to argue in support of recovery of an income tax allowance and the court’s subsequent opinion upholding denial of an income tax allowance to a master limited partnership, the impacts that FERC’s policy on the treatment of income taxes may have on the rates an interstate pipeline held in a tax-pass-through entity can charge for the FERC regulated transportation services are unknown at this time. 67 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Even without application of FERC’s recent rate making-related policy statements and rulemakings, under the NGA, FERC or our shippers may challenge the cost-of-service rates we charge. The FERC’s establishment of a just and reasonable rate is based on many components, including ROE and tax-related components, but also other pipeline costs that will continue to affect FERC’s determination of just and reasonable cost of service rate. Moreover, we receive revenues from our pipelines based on a variety of rate structures, including cost-of-service rates, negotiated rates, discounted rates and market-based rates. Many of our interstate pipelines, such as Tiger, Midcontinent Express and Fayetteville Express, have negotiated market rates that were agreed to by customers in connection with long-term contracts entered into to support the construction of the pipelines. Other systems, such as FGT, Transwestern and Panhandle, have a mix of tariff rate, discount rate, and negotiated rate agreements. The revenues we receive from natural gas transportation services we provide pursuant to cost-of-service based rates may decrease in the future as a result of changes to FERC policies, combined with the reduced corporate federal income tax rate established in the Tax Act. The extent of any revenue reduction related to our cost-of-service rates, if any, will depend on a detailed review of all of a pipeline’s cost-of-service components and the outcomes of any challenges to our rates by the FERC or our shippers. By an order issued on January 16, 2019, the FERC initiated a review of Panhandle’s then-existing rates pursuant to Section 5 of the NGA to determine whether the rates charged by Panhandle are just and reasonable and set the matter for hearing. On August 30, 2019, Panhandle filed a general rate proceeding under Section 4 of the NGA. The NGA Section 5 and Section 4 proceedings were consolidated by order of the Chief Judge on October 1, 2019. The initial decision by the administrative law judge was issued on March 26, 2021, and on December 16, 2022, the FERC issued its order on the initial decision. On January 17, 2023, Panhandle and the Michigan Public Service Commission each filed a request for rehearing of FERC’s order on the initial decision, which were denied by operation of law as of February 17, 2023. On March 23, 2023, Panhandle appealed these orders to the D.C. Circuit, and the Michigan Public Service Commission also subsequently appealed these orders. On April 25, 2023, the D.C. Circuit consolidated Panhandle’s and Michigan Public Service Commission’s appeals and stayed the consolidated appeal proceeding while the FERC further considered the requests for rehearing of its December 16, 2022 order. On September 25, 2023, the FERC issued its order addressing arguments raised on rehearing and compliance, which denied our requests for rehearing. Panhandle filed its Petition for Review with the D.C. Circuit regarding the September 25, 2023 order. On October 25, 2023, Panhandle filed a limited request for rehearing of the September 25 order addressing arguments raised on rehearing and compliance, which was subsequently denied by operation of law on November 27, 2023. On November 17, 2023, Panhandle provided refunds to shippers and on November 30, 2023, Panhandle submitted a refund report regarding the consolidated rate proceedings, which was protested by several parties. On January 5, 2024, the FERC issued a second order addressing arguments raised on rehearing in which it modified certain discussion from its September 25, 2023 order and sustained its prior conclusions. Panhandle has timely filed its Petition for Review with the D.C. Circuit regarding the January 5, 2024 order. On May 28, 2024, the FERC issued an order rejecting Panhandle’s refund report. On June 27, 2024, Panhandle filed a revised refund report in compliance with the FERC’s May 28, 2024 order rejecting Panhandle’s refund report and a request for rehearing of the FERC’s May 28, 2024 order rejecting Panhandle’s refund report, and provided revised refunds to shippers, or in the case of shippers whose revised refunds are less than the original amounts refunded, notices of upcoming debits. One party protested Panhandle’s revised refund report, and Panhandle submitted a response to the protest on July 24, 2024. By notice issued July 29, 2024, Panhandle’s rehearing request was deemed denied. In an ordered issued September 9, 2024, FERC addressed arguments raised on rehearing, modified the discussion in the May 28, 2024 order and continued to reach the same result. On September 18, 2024, Panhandle petitioned the D.C. Circuit for review of the September 9, 2024, July 29, 2024, and May 28, 2024 orders. On December 5, 2024, the FERC issued an order rejecting Panhandle’s June 27, 2024, refund report, ordering a corrected refund report and directing the issuance of additional refunds. On January 3, 2025, Panhandle submitted an adjusted refund report as well as a request for rehearing of the FERC’s December 5, 2024 order. The FERC approved the adjusted refund report by letter order dated January 23, 2025. On February 3, 2025, the FERC issued a Notice of Denial of Rehearing by Operation of Law and Providing for Further Consideration. On March 24, 2025, Panhandle petitioned the D.C. Circuit for review of the December 5, 2024 and February 3, 2025 orders. On April 4, 2025, the FERC issued an Order on Rehearing and Clarification. On May 16, 2025, Panhandle petitioned the D.C. Circuit for review of the April 4, 2025 order. On May 19, 2025, the D.C. Circuit consolidated all cases before it and placed the consolidated cases in abeyance pending further order of the D.C. Circuit. On August 12, 2025, the D.C. Circuit issued an order returning all cases to the court’s active docket and issued a briefing schedule. Panhandle filed its initial brief on November 10, 2025, and FERC’s brief is due on February 9, 2026. On July 1, 2022, Transwestern filed a rate case pursuant to Section 4 of the NGA. By order dated September 9, 2022, a procedural schedule was adopted in this proceeding, setting the commencement of the hearing for June 22, 2023 with an initial decision anticipated by November 15, 2023. By a subsequent order dated February 14, 2023, the procedural schedule was suspended based on representations that the participants have reached an agreement in principle to resolve all issues in this proceeding and a settlement is being prepared for filing at FERC. A settlement was filed with the FERC on April 5, 2023, and approved by order dated June 30, 2023. 68 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Our interstate natural gas pipelines are subject to laws, regulations and policies governing terms and conditions of service, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In addition to rate oversight, the FERC’s regulatory authority extends to many other aspects of the business and operations of our interstate natural gas pipelines, including: • terms and conditions of service; • the types of services interstate pipelines may or must offer their customers; • siting and construction of new facilities; • acquisition, extension or abandonment of services or facilities; • reporting and information posting requirements; • accounts and records; and • relationships with affiliated companies involved in all aspects of the natural gas and energy businesses. Compliance with these requirements can be costly and burdensome. In addition, we cannot guarantee that the FERC will authorize tariff changes and other activities we might propose and to undertake in a timely manner and free from potentially burdensome conditions. Future changes to laws, regulations, policies and interpretations thereof may impair our access to capital markets or may impair the ability of our interstate pipelines to compete for business, may impair their ability to recover costs or may increase the cost and burden of operation. The FERC issued a Notice of Inquiry (“NOI”) on April 19, 2018 initiating a review of its policies on certification of natural gas pipelines, including an examination of its long-standing Policy Statement on Certification of New Interstate Natural Gas Pipeline Facilities (“1999 Policy Statement”), issued in 1999, that is used to determine whether to grant certificates for new pipeline projects. On February 18, 2021, the FERC issued another NOI (“2021 NOI”), reopening its review of the 1999 Policy Statement. Comments on the 2021 NOI were due on May 26, 2021. In September 2021, FERC issued a Notice of Technical Conference on Greenhouse Gas Mitigation related to natural gas infrastructure projects authorized under Sections 3 and 7 of the NGA. A technical conference was held on November 19, 2021, and post-technical conference comments were submitted to the FERC on January 7, 2022. On February 18, 2022, the FERC issued two new policy statements: (1) an Updated Policy Statement on the Certificate of New Interstate Natural Gas Facilities (“2022 Certificate Policy Statement”) and (2) a Policy Statement on the Consideration of Greenhouse Gas Emissions in Natural Gas Infrastructure Project Reviews (“GHG Policy Statement”), to be effective that same day. On March 24, 2022, the FERC issued an order designating the 2022 Certificate Policy Statement and the GHG Policy Statement as draft policy statements, and requested further comments. The FERC stated that it will not apply the now draft policy statements to pending applications or applications to be filed at FERC until it issues any final guidance on these topics. Comments on the 2022 Certificate Policy Statement and the GHG Policy Statement were due on April 25, 2022, and reply comments were due on May 25, 2022. On January 24, 2025, the FERC issued an order withdrawing the draft GHG Policy Statement and terminating the proceeding. On September 12, 2025, the FERC issued an order withdrawing the draft 2022 Certificate Policy Statement and terminating the proceeding. Rate regulation or market conditions may not allow us to recover the full amount of increases in the costs of our crude oil, NGL and refined products pipeline operations. Transportation provided on our common carrier interstate crude oil, NGL and refined products pipelines is subject to rate regulation by the FERC, which requires that tariff rates for transportation on these oil pipelines be just and reasonable and not unduly discriminatory. If we propose new or changed rates, the FERC or interested persons may challenge those rates and the FERC is authorized to suspend the effectiveness of such rates for up to seven months and to investigate such rates. If, upon completion of an investigation, the FERC finds that the proposed rate is unjust or unreasonable, it is authorized to require the carrier to refund revenues in excess of the prior tariff during the term of the investigation. The FERC also may investigate, upon complaint or on its own motion, rates that are already in effect and may order a carrier to change its rates prospectively. Upon an appropriate showing, a shipper may obtain reparations for damages sustained for a period of up to two years prior to the filing of a complaint. The primary ratemaking methodology used by the FERC to authorize increases in the tariff rates of petroleum pipelines is price indexing. The FERC’s ratemaking methodologies may limit our ability to set rates based on our costs or may delay the use of rates that reflect increased costs. On March 25, 2020, the FERC issued a Notice of Inquiry seeking comment on a proposal to change the preliminary screen for complaints against oil pipeline index rate increases to a “Percentage Comparison Test” consistent with the preliminary screen used by the FERC for protests against oil pipeline index rate increases. The FERC also requested comment on whether the appropriate threshold for the screen is a 10% or more differential between a proposed index 69 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements rate increase and the annual percentage change in cost of service reported by the pipeline. Initial comments were due June 16, 2020, and reply comments were due July 16, 2020. On October 20, 2022, the FERC issued a policy statement on the Standard Applied to Complaints Against Oil Pipeline Index Rate Changes to establish guidelines regarding how the FERC will evaluate shipper complaints against oil pipeline index rate increases. Specifically, the policy statement adopted the proposal in the FERC’s earlier Notice of Inquiry issued on March 25, 2020 to eliminate the “Substantially Exacerbate Test” as the preliminary screen applied to complaints against index rate increases and instead adopt the proposal to apply the “Percentage Comparison Test” as the preliminary screen for both protests and complaints against index rate increases. At this time, we cannot determine the effect of a change in the FERC’s preliminary screen for complaints against index rates changes, however, a revised screen would result in a threshold aligned with the existing threshold for protests against index rate increases. Any complaint or protest raised by a shipper could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. On June 18, 2020, FERC issued a NOI requesting comments on a proposed oil pipeline index for the five-year period commencing July 1, 2021 and ending June 30, 2026, and requested comments on whether and how the index should reflect the Revised Policy Statement and FERC’s treatment of accumulated deferred income taxes as well as FERC’s revised ROE methodology. On December 17, 2020, FERC issued an order establishing a new index of PPI-FG plus 0.78%. The FERC received requests for rehearing of its December 17, 2020 order and on January 20, 2022, granted rehearing and modified the oil index. Specifically, for the five-year period commencing July 1, 2021 and ending June 30, 2026, FERC-regulated liquids pipelines charging indexed rates are permitted to adjust their indexed ceilings annually by PPI-FG minus 0.21%. FERC directed liquids pipelines to recompute their ceiling levels for July 1, 2021 through June 30, 2022, as well as the ceiling levels for the period July 1, 2022 to June 30, 2023, based on the new index level. Where an oil pipeline’s filed rates exceed its ceiling levels, FERC ordered such oil pipelines to reduce the rate to bring it into compliance with the recomputed ceiling level to be effective March 1, 2022. Some parties sought rehearing of the January 20 order with FERC, which was denied by FERC on May 6, 2022. Certain parties have appealed the January 20 and May 6 orders. On July 26, 2024, the D.C. Circuit ruled in LEPA v. FERC that FERC violated the Administrative Procedure Act because the January 20 order modified the index without following notice and comment. As a result, the D.C. Circuit vacated the January 20 order and on September 17, 2024, the Commission reinstated the index level established by its original December 17 order, directed pipelines to file an informational filing to show their recomputed ceiling levels reflecting the reinstated index level and stated that pipelines may file to prospectively increase their indexed rates to their recomputed levels. On October 17, 2024, FERC issued a Supplemental NOPR that proposed a reduction to the currently effective index by one percent. On November 20, 2025, FERC withdrew the Supplemental NOPR and confirmed that the PPI-FG-0.78% index established in December 2020 will remain in place through June 30, 2026. On the same day, FERC approved limited relief for pipelines. Oil pipelines with index-based rates may recover applicable rate differences from March 1, 2022 to September 17, 2024 but only if such pipelines charged the maximum rate allowed under the applicable index ceiling during the relevant time period. Parties have since filed requests for clarification or rehearing, as well as court appeals, to determine whether pipelines may recover rate differences in other scenarios. Also on November 20, 2025, FERC issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking for the Five-Year Review of the Oil Pipeline Index proposing an index level of Producer Price Index for Finished Goods (PPI-FG) minus 1.42% for the period from July 1, 2026 to June 30, 2031. Under the EPAct of 1992, certain interstate pipeline rates were deemed just and reasonable or “grandfathered.” Revenues are derived from such grandfathered rates on most of our FERC-regulated pipelines. A person challenging a grandfathered rate must, as a threshold matter, establish a substantial change since the date of enactment of the EPAct of 1992, in either the economic circumstances or the nature of the service that formed the basis for the rate. If the FERC were to find a substantial change in circumstances, then the existing rates could be subject to detailed review and there is a risk that some rates could be found to be in excess of levels justified by the pipeline’s costs. In such event, the FERC could order us to reduce pipeline rates prospectively and to pay refunds to shippers. If the FERC’s petroleum pipeline ratemaking methodologies procedures changes, the new methodology or procedures could adversely affect our business and results of operations. State regulatory measures could adversely affect the business and operations of our midstream and intrastate pipeline and storage assets. Our midstream and intrastate transportation and storage operations are generally exempt from FERC regulation under the NGA, but FERC regulation still significantly affects our business and the market for our products. The rates, terms and conditions of service for the interstate services we provide in our intrastate gas pipelines and gas storage are subject to FERC regulation under Section 311 of the NGPA. Our pipeline systems of Enable Oklahoma Intrastate Transmission, LLC, Oasis Pipeline, LP, Houston Pipe Line Company LP, ETC Katy Pipeline, LLC, Energy Transfer Fuel, LP, Lobo Pipeline Company, LLC, Pelico 70 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Pipeline, LLC, Regency Intrastate Gas LP, Red Bluff Express Pipeline, LLC, Trans-Pecos Pipeline, LLC and Comanche Trail Pipeline, LLC provide such services. Under Section 311, rates charged for transportation and storage must be fair and equitable. Amounts collected that are determined to be in excess of fair and equitable rates are subject to refund with interest, and the terms and conditions of service, set forth in the pipeline’s statement of operating conditions, are subject to FERC review and approval. Should the FERC determine not to authorize rates equal to or greater than our costs of service, our cash flow would be negatively affected. Our midstream and intrastate gas and oil transportation pipelines and our intrastate gas storage operations are subject to state regulation. All of the states in which we operate midstream assets, intrastate pipelines or intrastate storage facilities have adopted some form of complaint-based regulation, which allow producers and shippers to file complaints with state regulators in an effort to resolve grievances relating to the fairness of rates and terms of access. The states in which we operate have ratable take statutes, which generally require gathering pipelines to take, without undue discrimination, production that may be tendered to the gatherer for handling. Similarly, common purchaser statutes generally require gatherers to purchase without undue discrimination as to source of supply or producer. These statutes have the effect of restricting our right as an owner of gathering facilities to decide with whom we contract to purchase or transport natural gas. Should a complaint be filed in any of these states or should regulation become more active, our business may be adversely affected. Our intrastate transportation operations located in Texas are also subject to regulation as gas utilities by the TRRC. Texas gas utilities must publish the rates they charge for transportation and storage services in tariffs filed with the TRRC, although such rates are deemed just and reasonable under Texas law unless challenged in a complaint. We are subject to other forms of state regulation, including requirements to obtain operating permits, reporting requirements, and safety rules (see description of federal and state pipeline safety regulation below). Violations of state laws, regulations, orders and permit conditions can result in the modification, cancellation or suspension of a permit, civil penalties and other relief. Certain of our assets may become subject to regulation. The distinction between federally unregulated gathering facilities and FERC-regulated transmission pipelines under the NGA has been the subject of extensive litigation and may be determined by the FERC on a case-by-case basis, although the FERC has made no determinations as to the status of our facilities. Consequently, the classification and regulation of our gathering facilities could change based on future determinations by the FERC, the courts or Congress. If our gas gathering operations become subject to FERC jurisdiction, the result may adversely affect the rates we are able to charge and the services we currently provide, and may include the potential for a termination of our gathering agreements with our customers. Intrastate transportation of NGLs is largely regulated by the state in which such transportation takes place. Energy Transfer GC NGL’s pipeline transports NGLs within the state of Texas and is subject to regulation by the TRRC. This NGLs transportation system offers services pursuant to an intrastate transportation tariff on file with the TRRC. In 2013, Energy Transfer GC NGL’s pipeline also commenced the interstate transportation of NGLs, which is subject to the FERC’s jurisdiction under ICA and the EPAct of 1992. Both intrastate and interstate NGL transportation services must be provided in a manner that is just, reasonable, and non-discriminatory. The tariff rates established for interstate services were based on a negotiated agreement; however, if the FERC’s ratemaking methodologies were imposed, they may, among other things, delay the use of rates that reflect increased costs and subject us to potentially burdensome and expensive operational, reporting and other requirements. In addition, the rates, terms and conditions for shipments of crude oil, petroleum products and NGLs on our pipelines are subject to regulation by the FERC if the NGLs are transported in interstate or foreign commerce, whether by our pipelines or other means of transportation. Since we do not control the entire transportation path of all crude oil, petroleum products and NGLs on our pipelines, FERC regulation could be triggered by our customers’ transportation decisions. In addition, if any of our pipelines were found to have provided services or otherwise operated in violation of the NGA, NGPA, or ICA, this could result in the imposition of administrative and criminal remedies and civil penalties, as well as a requirement to disgorge charges collected for such services in excess of the rate established by the FERC. Any of the foregoing could adversely affect revenues and cash flow related to these assets. We may incur significant costs and liabilities resulting from performance of pipeline integrity programs and related repairs. Pursuant to authority under the NGPSA and HLPSA, PHMSA has established a series of rules requiring pipeline operators to develop and implement integrity management programs for natural gas transmission and hazardous liquid pipelines that, in the event of a pipeline leak or rupture, could affect high consequence areas (“HCAs”) which are areas where a release could have 71 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements the most significant adverse consequences, including high population areas, certain drinking water sources, and unusually sensitive ecological areas. These regulations require operators of covered pipelines to: • perform ongoing assessments of pipeline integrity; • identify and characterize applicable threats to pipeline segments that could impact a high consequence area; • improve data collection, integration and analysis; • repair and remediate the pipeline as necessary; and • implement preventive and mitigating actions. In addition, states have adopted regulations similar to existing PHMSA regulations for intrastate gathering and transmission lines. At this time, we cannot predict the ultimate cost of compliance with applicable pipeline integrity management regulations, as the cost will vary significantly depending on the number and extent of any repairs found to be necessary as a result of the pipeline integrity testing. We will continue our pipeline integrity testing programs to assess and maintain the integrity of our pipelines. The results of these tests could cause us to incur significant and unanticipated capital and operating expenditures for repairs or upgrades deemed necessary to ensure the continued safe and reliable operation of our pipelines. Any changes to pipeline safety laws by Congress and regulations by PHMSA that result in more stringent or costly safety standards could have a significant adverse effect on us and similarly situated midstream operators. For example, in October 2019, PHMSA published the first of three regulations relating to new or more stringent requirements for certain natural gas lines and gathering lines, that had originally been proposed in 2016 as part of PHMSA’s “Gas Megarule.” The rulemaking imposed numerous requirements on onshore gas transmission pipelines relating to MAOP, reconfirmation and exceedance reporting, the integrity assessment of additional pipeline mileage found in MCAs, non-HCAs, Class 3 and Class 4 areas by 2023, and the consideration of seismicity as a risk factor in integrity management. PHMSA’s second final rule, applicable to hazardous liquid transmission and gathering pipelines, significantly extended and expanded the reach of certain integrity management requirements, use of in-line inspection tools by 2039 (unless the pipeline cannot be modified to permit such use), increased annual, accident, and safety-related conditional reporting requirements, and expanded use of leak detection systems beyond HCAs. The third final rule was published in August 2022, which adjusted the repair criteria for pipelines in HCAs, created new criteria for pipelines in non-HCAs, and strengthened integrity management assessment requirements, among other items. The changes adopted by these rulemakings could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and costs of transportation services. Federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to pipeline safety that require the use of new or more stringent safety controls or result in more stringent enforcement of applicable legal requirements could subject us to increased capital costs, operational delays and costs of operation. The NGPSA and HLPSA were amended by the Pipeline Safety, Regulatory Certainty, and Job Creation Act of 2011 (“2011 Pipeline Safety Act”). Among other things, the 2011 Pipeline Safety Act increased the penalties for safety violations and directed the Secretary of Transportation to promulgate rules or standards relating to expanded integrity management requirements, automatic or remote-controlled valve use, excess flow valve use, leak detection system installation, testing to confirm that the material strength of certain pipelines are above 30% of specified minimum yield strength, and operator verification of records confirming the MAOP of certain interstate natural gas transmission pipelines. PHMSA is required to adjust the maximum penalties it may impose for violations for inflation; these maximum civil penalties were most recently increased in December 2024 to $272,926 per violation per day, with a maximum of $2,729,245 for a related series of violations. Upon reauthorization of PHMSA, Congress directed the agency to move forward with several regulatory actions, including the “Pipeline Safety: Class Location Change Requirements” and the “Pipeline Safety: Safety of Gas Transmission and Gathering Pipelines” proposed rulemaking, To that end, PHMSA issued the three final rules discussed above, significantly expanding reporting and safety requirements of operators of gas gathering pipelines, imposing safety regulations on approximately 400,000 miles of previously unregulated onshore gas gathering lines that, among other things, will impose criteria for inspection and repair of fugitive emissions, extend reporting requirements to all gas gathering operators, and apply a set of minimum safety requirements to certain gas gathering pipelines with large diameters and high operating pressures. In October 2025, members of Congress introduced the Pipeline Safety Act of 2025, which would reauthorize appropriations for PHMSA and modernize pipeline safety regulations. Additionally, in January 2025, PHMSA issued a final rule to minimize methane leaks from pipelines and a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking that would impose new safety measures for pipelines transporting carbon dioxide, but both efforts were subsequently withdrawn by the Trump administration, and PHMSA has not announced any intention to re-propose these or any similar rules. However, we cannot predict whether any similar regulations may be enacted in the future. Separately, on July 1, 2025 and August 21, 2025, PHMSA issued final rules amending its pipeline safety regulations to incorporate updated industry standards. However, in September 2025, industry groups requested a stay of enforcement of the July 2025 final rule, and PHMSA stated that it would use its enforcement discretion to allow regulated entities to operate under the outdated industry 72 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements standards through January 1, 2027. The safety enhancement requirements and other provisions of Congressional mandates or laws regarding PHMSA, as well as any implementation of PHMSA rules thereunder or any issuance or reinterpretation of guidance by PHMSA or any state agencies with respect thereto, could require us to install new or modified safety controls, pursue additional capital projects, or conduct maintenance programs on an accelerated basis, any or all of which tasks could result in our incurring increased operating costs that could be significant and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Our business involves the generation, handling and disposal of hazardous substances, hydrocarbons and w astes which activities are subject to environmental and worker health and safety laws and regulations that may cause us to incur significant costs and liabilities. Our business is subject to stringent federal, tribal, state, and local laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment, worker health and safety and protection of the environment. These laws and regulations may require the acquisition of permits for the construction and operation of our pipelines, plants and facilities, result in capital expenditures to manage, limit or prevent emissions, discharges or releases of various materials from our pipelines, plants and facilities, impose specific health and safety standards addressing worker protection, and impose substantial liabilities for pollution resulting from our construction and operations activities. Several governmental authorities, such as the EPA and analogous state agencies have the power to enforce compliance with these laws and regulations and the permits issued under them and frequently mandate difficult and costly remediation measures and other actions. Failure to comply with these laws, regulations and permits may result in the assessment of significant administrative, civil and criminal penalties, the imposition of investigatory remedial and corrective action obligations, suspension and debarment from federal contracting opportunities, the occurrence of delays in permitting and completion of projects, and the issuance of injunctive relief. For example, following a state grand jury investigation and the filing of charges alleging criminal misconduct involving the construction and related activities of the Mariner East 2 pipeline (“Mariner 2”), in August 2022 we entered into a plea of no contest with the Pennsylvania Attorney General’s Office that requires us to pay fines to the Commonwealth, pay for independent evaluations of potential water quality impacts to residential water supplies and compensate any affected homeowners, and to also pay $10 million to support water quality improvement projects. Certain environmental laws impose strict, joint and several liability for costs required to clean up and restore sites where hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or wastes have been disposed or released, even under circumstances where the substances, hydrocarbons or wastes have been released by a predecessor operator. Moreover, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims for personal injury and property and natural resource damage allegedly caused by noise, odor or the release of hazardous substances, hydrocarbons or wastes into the environment. We may incur substantial environmental costs and liabilities because of the underlying risk arising out of our operations. Although we have established financial reserves for our estimated environmental remediation liabilities, additional contamination or conditions may be discovered, resulting in increased remediation costs, liabilities or natural resource damages that could substantially increase our costs for site remediation projects. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that our current reserves are adequate to cover all future liabilities, even for currently known contamination. Changes in environmental laws and regulations occur frequently, and any such changes that result in more stringent and costly waste handling, emission standards, or storage, transport, disposal or remediation requirements could have a material adverse effect on our operations or financial position. For example, in October 2015, the EPA published a final rule under the Clean Air Act, lowering the National Ambient Air Quality Standard (“NAAQS”) for ground-level ozone to 70 parts per billion for the 8-hour primary and secondary ozone standards, and the EPA finalized its attainment/non-attainment designations in 2018, though these are subject to change. In December 2020, the EPA announced that it was retaining without revision the 2015 NAAQS for ozone. However, several groups filed litigation over the December 2020 decision, and the Biden Administration announced plans to formally review this decision. In August 2023, the EPA announced a new review of the ozone NAAQS to reflect updated ozone science in combination with the reconsideration of the December 2020 decision. However, the review remains ongoing and is not expected to be completed before the EPA’s five-year cycle for NAAQS review in December 2025. At this time, it is not clear what actions the Trump Administration may take with respect to the review. However, reclassification of areas or imposition of more stringent standards may make it more difficult to construct new or modified sources of air pollution in newly designated non-attainment areas. Also, states are expected to implement more stringent requirements as a result of this new final rule, which could apply to our customers’ operations. Compliance with this final rule or any other new regulations could, among other things, require installation of new emission controls on some of our equipment, result in longer permitting timelines or new restrictions or prohibitions with respect to permits or projects, and significantly increase our capital expenditures and operating costs, which could adversely impact our business. Historically, we have been able to satisfy the more stringent nitrogen oxide emission reduction requirements that affect our compressor units in ozone non-attainment areas at reasonable cost, but there is no assurance that we will not incur material costs in the future to meet the new, more stringent ozone standard. 73 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Regulations under the Clean Water Act, the OPA, and state laws impose regulatory burdens on terminal operations. Spill prevention control and countermeasure requirements of federal and state laws require containment to mitigate or prevent contamination of waters in the event of a refined product overflow, rupture, or leak from above-ground pipelines and storage tanks. The Clean Water Act also requires us to maintain spill prevention control and countermeasure plans at our terminal facilities with above-ground storage tanks and pipelines. In addition, OPA requires that most fuel transport and storage companies maintain and update various oil spill prevention and oil spill contingency plans. Facilities that are adjacent to water require the engagement of Federally Certified Oil Spill Response Organizations to be available to respond to a spill on water from above-ground storage tanks or pipelines. Transportation and storage of refined products over and adjacent to water involves risk and potentially subjects us to strict, joint, and potentially unlimited liability for removal costs and other consequences of an oil spill where the spill is into navigable waters, along shorelines or in the exclusive economic zone of the United States. In the event of an oil spill into navigable waters, substantial liabilities could be imposed upon us. The Clean Water Act imposes restrictions and strict controls regarding the discharge of pollutants into navigable waters, with the potential of substantial liability for the violation of permits or permitting requirements. Terminal operations and associated facilities are subject to the Clean Air Act as well as comparable state and local statutes. Under these laws, permits may be required before construction can commence on a new source of potentially significant air emissions, and operating permits may be required for sources that are already constructed. If regulations become more stringent, additional emission control technologies. Climate change legislation or regulations restricting emissions of GHGs could result in increased operating costs and reduced demand for the services we provide. Climate change continues to attract considerable public, governmental and scientific attention. As a result, numerous proposals have been made at the international, national, regional and state levels of government to monitor and limit emissions of GHGs. These efforts have included consideration of cap-and-trade programs, carbon taxes and GHG reporting and tracking programs, and regulations that directly limit GHG emissions from certain sources. In the United States, no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level to date. However, Canada has implemented a federal carbon pricing regime. Congress previously passed the IRA 2022 in August 2022, which, in addition to significant incentives for renewable energy and low carbon projects, also imposed a fee on methane emissions from certain sources in the oil and gas sector. In November 2024, the EPA finalized the methane emissions charge rule, although the rule was repealed in March 2025 by a Joint Resolution of Disapproval under the Congressional Review Act, and the EPA subsequently issued a final rule removing it from the Code of Federal Regulations. Additionally, OBBBA, passed by Congress in July 2025, delays implementation of the charge until 2034. We cannot predict if Congress may take further actions to repeal or revise the IRA 2022, including with respect to the methane emissions charge. Notwithstanding the EPA’s recent proposal to revoke the “Endangerment Finding” that underlies that majority of its GHG-related regulations, the EPA under previous administrations has adopted rules under authority of the Clean Air Act that, among other things, establish PSD construction and Title V operating permit reviews for GHG emissions from certain large stationary sources that are also potential major sources of certain principal, or criteria, pollutant emissions, which reviews could require securing PSD permits at covered facilities emitting GHGs and meeting “best available control technology” standards for those GHG emissions. In addition, the EPA has adopted rules requiring the monitoring and annual reporting of GHG emissions from certain petroleum and natural gas system sources in the United States, including, among others, onshore processing, transmission, storage and distribution facilities. We cannot predict whether the current Administration’s deregulatory actions will ultimately be successful or if future administrations may seek to re-impose similar requirements. Recent climate change regulations have focused on methane emissions from oil and gas operations. In June 2016, the EPA published NSPS, known as Subpart OOOOa, that require certain new, modified or reconstructed facilities in the oil and natural gas sector to reduce these methane gas and VOC emissions, building on previous requirements for certain equipment-specific emissions control practices, requiring additional controls for pneumatic controllers and pumps as well as compressors, and imposing leak detection and repair requirements for natural gas compressor and booster stations. Additionally, in December 2023, the EPA issued a final rule that established OOOOb new source and OOOOc first-time existing source standards of performance for GHG and VOC emissions for crude oil and natural gas well sites, natural gas gathering and boosting compressor stations, natural gas processing plants, and transmission and storage facilities, owners or operators of affected emission units or processes will have to comply with specific standards of performance that may include leak detection using optical gas imaging and subsequent repair requirements, reduction of emissions by 95% through capture and control systems, zero-emission requirements, operations and maintenance requirements, and so-called “green well” completion requirements. The December 2023 rule also revises requirements for fugitive emissions monitoring and repair as well as equipment leaks and the frequency of monitoring surveys, establishes a “super-emitter” response program to timely mitigate emissions events, 74 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements triggering certain response and repair requirements, and provides additional options for the use of advanced monitoring to encourage the deployment of innovative technologies to detect and reduce methane emissions. Fines and penalties for violations of these rules can be substantial. However, the EPA’s final rule is currently being challenged by 23 states and a coalition of industry groups in the U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit, and we cannot predict the ultimate outcome. Further, in March 2025, the EPA announced plans to reconsider Subparts OOOOb and OOOOc and, in November 2025, the EPA finalized an interim final rule extending certain compliance deadlines for certain provisions provided in the rules. Several states have also adopted, or are considering, adopting, regulations related to GHG emissions, some of which are more stringent than those implemented by the federal government. Methane emission standards imposed on the oil and gas sector could result in increased costs to our operations or those of our customers as well as result in delays or curtailment in such operations, which costs, delays or curtailment could adversely affect our business. At the international level, in December 2015, the United States joined the international community at the 21st Conference of the Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in Paris, France in signing the “Paris Agreement,” a treaty that requires member countries to submit individually-determined, non-binding GHG emission reduction goals every five years beginning in 2020. However, in January 2025, President Trump signed an executive order withdrawing the United States from the Paris Agreement and from any other commitments made under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. Additionally, President Trump revoked any purported financial commitments made by the United States pursuant to the same. The full impact of these developments is uncertain at this time. The adoption, strengthening and implementation of any international, federal or state legislation or regulations that require reporting of GHGs or otherwise restrict emissions of GHGs could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, demand for our services, results of operations, and cash flows. Litigation risks are also increasing, as several oil and gas companies have been sued for allegedly causing climate-related damages due to their production and sale of fossil fuel products or for allegedly being aware of the impacts of climate change for some time but failing to adequately disclose such risks to their investors or customers. There are also increasing financing risks for fossil fuel energy companies, as various investors become increasingly concerned about the potential effects of climate change and may elect in the future to shift some or all of their investments into other sectors. Institutional lenders who provide financing for fossil fuel energy companies also have become more attentive to sustainable lending practices that favor “clean” power sources such as wind and solar photovoltaic, making those sources more attractive for investment, and some of them may elect not to provide funding for fossil fuel energy companies. Such efforts could make it more difficult for exploration and production companies and midstream companies, like us, to secure funding as well as negatively affect the cost of, and terms for, financings to fund growth projects or other aspects of our business. Additionally, in March 2024 the SEC released a final rule requiring climate disclosures. However, the future of the rule is uncertain at this time given that its implementation has been stayed pending the outcome of legal challenges, with such litigation held in abeyance until the SEC reconsiders, repeals, or otherwise modifies the rule. In March 2025, the SEC voted to end its defense of the rule, though no further action has been taken at this time to repeal the rule. Meanwhile, several states have also either adopted or are considering similar rules; however legal challenges have been brought related to such rules and a final decision remains pending at this time. Climatic events in the areas in which we operate, whether from climate change or otherwise, can cause disruptions, and in some cases, delays in, or suspension of, our services. These event, including but not limited to drought, winter storms, wildfire, extreme temperatures or flooding, may become more intense or more frequent as a result of climate change and could have an adverse effect on our continued operations. If such effects were to occur, our operations could be adversely affected in various ways, including damages to our facilities or our customers’ facilities from powerful winds or rising waters. We may experience increased insurance costs, or difficulty obtaining adequate insurance coverage, for our assets in areas subject to more frequent severe weather. We may not be able to recoup these increased costs through the rates we charge our customers. Extreme weather events could cause damage to property or facilities that could exceed our insurance coverage and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Another possible consequence of climate change is increased volatility in seasonal temperatures. The market for our NGLs and natural gas is generally improved by periods of colder weather and impaired by periods of warmer weather, so any changes in climate could affect the market for the fuels that we transport, and thus demand for our services. Despite the use of the term “global warming” as a shorthand for climate change, some studies indicate that climate change could cause some areas to experience temperatures substantially colder than their historical averages. As a result, it is difficult to predict how the market for our products could be affected by increased temperature volatility, although if there is an overall trend of warmer temperatures, it would be expected to have an adverse effect on our business. 75 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements A climate-related decrease in demand for crude oil, natural gas and other hydrocarbon products could negatively affect our business. Supply and demand for crude oil, natural gas and other hydrocarbon products we handle is dependent upon a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among others, the potential adoption of new government regulations, including those related to fuel conservation measures and climate change regulations, technological advances in fuel economy and energy generation devices. For example, legislative, regulatory or executive actions intended to reduce emissions of GHGs could increase the cost of consuming crude oil, natural gas and other hydrocarbon products, thereby potentially causing a reduction in the demand for such products. A broader transition to alternative fuels or energy sources, whether resulting from potential new government regulation, carbon taxes, governmental incentives and funding or consumer preferences could result in decreased demand for hydrocarbon products like crude oil, natural gas and NGLs that we handle. Any decrease in demand for these products could consequently reduce demand for our services and could have a negative effect on our business. Increased attention to ESG matters and conservation measures may adversely impact our business. Increased attention from investors, customers, employees, regulatory bodies and other stakeholders to, and societal expectations on companies to address climate change and other environmental and social impacts, investor and societal expectations regarding voluntary ESG disclosures, and consumer demand for alternative forms of energy may result in increased costs, reduced demand for fossil fuels and consequently demand for our midstream services, reduced profits, increased risk of investigations and litigation, heightened scrutiny of our statements and initiatives, and negative impacts on the value of our assets and access to capital. While we may participate in various voluntary frameworks and certification programs to improve the ESG profile of our operations and products, we cannot guarantee that such participation or certification will have the intended results on our ESG profile. Moreover, while we are pursuing various low-carbon opportunities such as renewable power generation, renewable fuels, and carbon capture and storage projects through our alternative energy initiatives to address potential energy transition related risks, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to execute these projects in a timely manner because of permitting, technology, or other risks or that such opportunities will ultimately be successful. Moreover, while we create and publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters from time to time, many of the statements in those voluntary disclosures will be based on expectations, assumptions and hypothetical scenarios. Such expectations, assumptions and hypothetical scenarios are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved and the lack of an established single approach to identifying, measuring, and reporting on many ESG matters. Additionally, while we may have or may announce various voluntary ESG targets in the future, such targets are often aspirational. We may not be able to meet or progress against such targets in the manner or on such a timeline as initially contemplated, including, but not limited to as a result of unforeseen costs or technical difficulties associated with achieving such results. To the extent we meet such targets, it may be achieved through various contractual arrangements, including the purchase of various credits or offsets that may be deemed to mitigate our environmental impact instead of actual changes in our business operations. Some of these arrangements may receive scrutiny from certain constituencies. Certain regulators, such as various state agencies, as well as nongovernmental organizations and other private actors have filed lawsuits under various securities and consumer protection laws alleging that certain ESG statements, goals or standards were misleading, false or otherwise deceptive, including for alleged “greenwashing” (i.e., the process of conveying misleading information or making false claims that overstate potential ESG benefits). Certain employment practices and social initiatives are the subject of scrutiny by both those calling for the continued advancement of such policies, as well as those who believe they should be curbed, including government actors, and the complex regulatory and legal frameworks applicable to such initiatives continue to evolve. More recent political developments could mean that the Partnership faces increasing criticism or litigation risks from certain “anti-ESG” parties, including various governmental agencies. Such sentiment may focus on the Partnership’s environmental commitments (such as reducing GHG emissions) or its pursuit of certain employment practices or social initiatives that are alleged to be political or polarizing in nature or are alleged to violate laws based, in part, on changing priorities of, or interpretations by, federal agencies or state governments. Consideration of ESG-related factors in the Partnership’s decision-making could be subject to increasing scrutiny and objection from such anti-ESG parties. We cannot be certain of the impact of such regulatory, legal and other developments on our business. As a result, the Partnership may be subject to pressure in the media or through other means, such as governmental investigations, enforcement actions, or other proceedings, all of which could adversely affect our reputation, business, financial performance, market access and growth. Accordingly, there may be increased costs related to reviewing, implementing and managing such policies, as well as compliance and litigation risks based both on positions we do or do not take, or work we do or do not perform. ESG activism directed at shifting funding away from companies with energy-related assets could lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward us and our industry and to the diversion of investment to other industries, which could have a 76 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements negative impact on our access to and costs of capital. Additionally, to the extent ESG matters negatively impact our reputation, we may not be able to compete as effectively to recruit or retain employees, which may adversely affect our operations. Such ESG-related matters may also impact our customers or suppliers, which may adversely impact our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The swaps regulatory provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules adopted thereunder could have an adverse effect on our ability to use derivative instruments to mitigate the risks of changes in commodity prices and interest rates and other risks associated with our business. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) requires that certain classes of swaps be cleared on a derivatives clearing organization and traded on a designated contract markets or other regulated exchange, unless exempt from such clearing and trading requirements, which could result in the application of certain margin requirements imposed by derivatives clearing organizations and their members. The CFTC and prudential regulators have also adopted mandatory margin requirements for uncleared swaps entered into between swap dealers and certain other counterparties. We currently qualify for and rely upon an end-user exception from such clearing and margin requirements for the swaps we enter into to hedge our commercial risks. However, the application of the mandatory clearing and trade execution requirements and the uncleared swaps margin requirements to other market participants, such as swap dealers, may adversely affect the cost and availability of the swaps that we use for hedging. In addition to the Dodd-Frank Act, the European Union and other foreign regulators have adopted and are implementing local reforms generally comparable with the reforms under the Dodd-Frank Act. Implementation and enforcement of these regulatory provisions may reduce our ability to hedge our market risks with non-U.S. counterparties and may make transactions involving cross-border swaps more expensive and burdensome. Additionally, the lack of regulatory equivalency across jurisdictions may increase compliance costs and make it more difficult to satisfy our regulatory obligations. Additional deepwater drilling laws and regulations, delays in the processing and approval of drilling permits and exploration, development, oil spill-response and decommissioning plans, and other related developments may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. The Federal Bureau of Ocean Energy Management (“BOEM”) and the federal Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (“BSEE”), each agencies of the DOI, have imposed more stringent permitting procedures and regulatory safety and performance requirements for new wells to be drilled in federal waters. Compliance with these more stringent regulatory requirements and with existing environmental and oil spill regulations, together with any uncertainties or inconsistencies in decisions and rulings by governmental agencies, delays in the processing and approval of drilling permits or exploration, development, oil spill-response and decommissioning plans, and possible additional regulatory initiatives could result in difficult and more costly actions and adversely affect or delay new drilling and ongoing development efforts. In addition, new regulatory initiatives may be adopted or enforced by the BOEM or the BSEE in the future that could result in additional costs, delays, restrictions, or obligations with respect to oil and natural gas exploration and production operations conducted offshore by certain of our customers. Separately, in April 2024, BOEM issued a final rule which significantly increases the amount of new supplemental financial assurance required for offshore oil and gas lessees and other operators. The final rule, which became effective in June 2024, adopts a three-year phased compliance period for full payment of a supplemental financial assurance demand. BOEM anticipates it will take up to 24 months to complete the processing of financial assurance demands for execution. The final rule was challenged in court. While the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana declined to enjoin the rule, the litigation is stayed while BOEM pursues efforts to suspend, revise, or rescind the rule. In May 2025, the DOI announced its intent to revise and develop a new rule that is consistent with the Trump administration’s prior proposed rule on financial assurance, though the specific substance and timing of a revised rule cannot be predicted at this time. Rules such as this, as well as any new rules, regulations, or legal initiatives, could delay or disrupt our customers’ operations, increase the risk of expired leases due to the time required to develop new technology, result in increased supplemental bonding and costs, limit activities in certain areas, or cause our customers’ to incur penalties, or shut-in production or lease cancellation. Also, if material spill events were to occur in the future, the United States or other countries could elect to issue directives to temporarily cease drilling activities offshore and, in any event, may from time to time issue further safety and environmental laws and regulations regarding offshore oil and gas exploration and development. The overall costs imposed on our customers to implement and complete any such spill response activities or any decommissioning obligations could exceed estimated accruals, insurance limits, or supplemental bonding amounts, which could result in the incurrence of additional costs to complete. Separately, in January 2021, the Biden Administration issued orders temporarily suspending the issuance of new authorizations and suspending the issuance of new leases pending completion of a review of current practices, for oil and gas development on federal lands and waters. The suspension of these federal leasing activities prompted legal action by several states against the Biden Administration, resulting in issuance of a nationwide preliminary 77 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements injunction by a federal district judge in Louisiana in June 2021 and permanent injunction in August 2022, effectively halting implementation of the leasing suspension. On January 20, 2025, President Trump issued an executive order rescinding the suspension; however, litigation challenging the rescission in the U.S. District Court for the District of Alaska is ongoing. In September 2023, the DOI published a proposed final offshore leasing program for 2024 – 2029, which was then approved by the Secretary of the Interior and authorized three Gulf of America leasing sales. Relatedly, the DOI released its report on federal gas leasing and permitting practices in November 2021, referencing a number of recommendations and an overarching intent to modernize the federal oil and gas leasing program, including by adjusting royalty and bonding rates, prioritizing leasing in areas with known resource potential, and avoiding leasing that conflicts with recreation, wildlife habitat, conservation, and historical and cultural resources. Implementation of many of the recommendations in the DOI report will require Congressional action and we cannot predict the extent to which the recommendations may be implemented now or in the future, but restrictions on federal oil and gas activities have the potential to result in increased costs on us and our customers, decrease demand for our services on federal lands, and adversely impact our business and adversely impact our business. For example, in 2024, the DOI finalized a rule to modernize the fiscal terms of the leasing program, increase costs associated with such leases and add new criteria for the DOI to consider when deciding whether to lease nominated lands. The OBBBA further mandates BOEM conduct at least two offshore lease sales annually and reduces the royalty rate for Gulf of America leases acquired at these sales. We cannot predict with any certainty the full impact of any new laws or regulations on our customers’ drilling operations or on the cost or availability of insurance to cover some or all of the risks associated with such operations. The occurrence of any one or more of these developments could result in decreased demand for our services, which could have a material adverse effect on our business as well as our financial position, results of operation and liquidity. Our business is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern the product quality specifications of the petroleum products that we store and transport. The petroleum products that we store and transport are sold by our customers for consumption into the public market. Various federal, state and local agencies have the authority to prescribe specific product quality specifications to commodities sold into the public market. Changes in product quality specifications could reduce our throughput volume, require us to incur additional handling costs or require the expenditure of significant capital. In addition, different product specifications for different markets impact the fungibility of products transported and stored in our pipeline systems and terminal facilities and could require the construction of additional storage to segregate products with different specifications. We may be unable to recover these costs through increased revenues. In addition, our patented butane blending services are reliant upon gasoline vapor pressure specifications. Significant changes in such specifications could reduce butane blending opportunities, which would affect our ability to market our butane blending service licenses and which would ultimately affect our ability to recover the costs incurred to acquire and integrate our butane blending assets. Risks Relating to Our Partnership Structure Issuance of Common Units or Other Classes of Equity We may issue an unlimited number of limited partner interests or other classes of equity without the consent of our Unitholders, which will dilute Unitholders’ ownership interest in us and may increase the risk that we will not have sufficient available cash to maintain or increase our per unit distribution level. Our Partnership Agreement allows us to issue an unlimited number of additional limited partner interests, including securities senior to the Common Units, without the approval of our Unitholders. The issuance of additional Common Units or other equity securities by us will have the following effects: • our Unitholders’ current proportionate ownership interest in us will decrease; • the amount of cash available for distribution on each Common Unit or partnership security may decrease; • the ratio of taxable income to distributions may increase; • the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding Common Unit and/or Preferred Unit may be diminished; and • the market price of our Common Units and/or Preferred Units may decline. 78 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Cash Distributions to Unitholders and Governance Cash distributions are not guaranteed and may fluctuate with our performance and other external factors. The amount of cash we can distribute to our Unitholders depends upon the amount of cash we generate from our operations and from our subsidiaries, Sunoco LP and USAC. The amount of cash we generate from our operations will fluctuate from quarter to quarter and will depend upon, among other things: • the amount of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil and refined products transported in our pipelines; • the level of throughput in our processing and treating operations; • the fees we charge and the margins we realize for our services; • the price of natural gas, NGLs, crude oil and refined products; • the relationship between natural gas, NGL and crude oil prices; • the weather in our operating areas; • the level of competition from other midstream, transportation and storage and other energy providers; • the level of our operating costs; • prevailing economic conditions; and • the level and results of our derivative activities. In addition, the actual amount of cash we and our subsidiaries, including Sunoco LP and USAC, will have available for distribution will also depend on other factors, such as: • the level of capital expenditures we and our subsidiaries make; • the level of costs related to litigation and regulatory compliance matters; • the cost of acquisitions, if any; • the levels of any margin calls that result from changes in commodity prices; • our and our subsidiaries’ debt service requirements; • fluctuations in our and our subsidiaries’ working capital needs; • our and our subsidiaries’ ability to borrow under our revolving credit facility; • our and our subsidiaries’ ability to access capital markets; • restrictions on distributions contained in our and our subsidiaries’ debt agreements; and • the amount of cash reserves established by our general partner in its discretion for the proper conduct of our business. Because of all these factors, we cannot guarantee that in the future we will be able to pay distributions or that any distributions we do make will be at or above our current quarterly distribution. The actual amount of cash that is available for distribution to our Unitholders will depend on numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control or the control of our general partner. Furthermore, our Unitholders should be aware that the amount of cash we have available for distribution depends primarily upon our cash flow and is not solely a function of profitability, which is affected by non-cash items. As a result, we may declare and/or pay cash distributions during periods when we record net losses. Our general partner’s absolute discretion in determining the level of cash reserves may adversely affect our ability to make cash distributions to Unitholders. Our Partnership Agreement requires our general partner to deduct from operating surplus cash reserves that in its reasonable discretion are necessary to fund our future operating expenditures. In addition, our Partnership Agreement permits our general partner to reduce available cash by establishing cash reserves for the proper conduct of our business, to comply with applicable law or agreements to which we are a party or to provide funds for future distributions to partners. These cash reserves will affect the amount of cash available for distribution to Unitholders. 79 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Unitholders may have liability to repay distributions. Under certain circumstances, Unitholders may have to repay us amounts wrongfully distributed to them. Under Delaware law, we may not make a distribution to Unitholders if the distribution causes our liabilities to exceed the fair value of our assets. Liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and non-recourse liabilities are not counted for purposes of determining whether a distribution is permitted. Delaware law provides that a limited partner who receives such a distribution and knew at the time of the distribution that the distribution violated Delaware law, will be liable to the limited partnership for the distribution amount for three years from the distribution date. The NYSE does not require a publicly traded partnership like us to comply with certain corporate governance requirements. Our Common Units and Series I Preferred Units are listed on the NYSE. Because we are a publicly traded partnership, the NYSE does not require us to have a majority of independent directors on our general partner’s board of directors or to establish a compensation committee or a nominating and corporate governance committee. Accordingly, our Unitholders do not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of corporations that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of the applicable stock exchange. Our General Partner The control of our general partner may be transferred to a third-party without Unitholder consent. Our general partner may transfer its general partner interest to a third-party without the consent of the Unitholders. Any new owner of the general partner would be in a position to replace the officers and directors of the general partner with its own designees and thereby exert significant influence over the decisions made by such officers and directors. The majority owner of our general partner has rights that protect him against dilution. Through his controlling interest in our general partner, Kelcy Warren owns all of the outstanding Energy Transfer Class A Units, which represents an approximately 20% voting interest in the Partnership. Under the terms of the Energy Transfer Class A Units, upon the issuance by the Partnership of additional Common Units or any securities that have voting rights that are pari passu with the Partnership Common Units, the Partnership will issue to the general partner additional Energy Transfer Class A Units such that Mr. Warren maintains a voting interest in the Partnership that is equivalent to his voting interest in the Partnership with respect to such Energy Transfer Class A Units (approximately 20%) prior to such issuance of common units. As a result, Mr. Warren is partially protected against the dilutive effect of additional common unit issuances by the Partnership with respect to voting. As of December 31, 2025, the Partnership had outstanding 851,420,597 Energy Transfer Class A Units. Cost reimbursements due to our general partner may be substantial and may reduce our ability to pay the distributions to Unitholders. Prior to making any distributions to our Unitholders, we will reimburse our general partner for all expenses it has incurred on our behalf. In addition, our general partner and its affiliates may provide us with services for which we will be charged reasonable fees as determined by the general partner. The reimbursement of these expenses and the payment of these fees could adversely affect our ability to make distributions to the Unitholders. Our general partner has sole discretion to determine the amount of these expenses and fees. Holders of our Common Units have limited voting rights and are not entitled to elect our general partner or its directors. Unlike the holders of common stock in a corporation, our common Unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our business and, therefore, limited ability to influence management’s decisions regarding our business. Our Unitholders have no right to elect our general partner or the board of directors of our general partner. Our general partner has the right to appoint and replace the members of the board, including all of its independent directors. Mr. Warren owns an 81.2% membership interest in our general partner and controls our general partner and therefore has the ability to direct our general partner with respect to the exercise of these governance rights. If our Unitholders are dissatisfied with the general partner’s performance, they have limited ability to remove the general partner. The vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of all outstanding common units is required to remove the general partner; however, Mr. Warren owns a significant number of common units and, through his controlling interest in the general partner, owns all of the outstanding Energy Transfer Class A Units, which vote together with the common units and entitle the holders of the Energy Transfer Class A Units to maintain the voting percentage in Energy Transfer represented by such Energy Transfer Class A Units as of the date the initial Energy Transfer Class A Units were issued (approximately 20%) any time new common units are issued. As of February 13, 2026, Mr. Warren’s combined common unit and Energy Transfer Class A Unit ownership 80 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements results in a voting interest in the Partnership of 27%. As a result of this and other limitations, it may be more difficult to remove the general partner. Furthermore, our Partnership Agreement contains provisions limiting the ability of common unitholders to call meetings or to obtain information about our operations, as well as other provisions limiting our common Unitholders’ ability to influence the manner or direction of management. Common unitholders’ voting rights are further restricted by a provision of our Partnership Agreement providing that any units held by a person or group that owns 20% or more of such class of units then outstanding, other than, with respect to our Common Units, the general partner, its affiliates, their direct transferees and their indirect transferees approved by our general partner (which approval may be granted in its sole discretion) and persons who acquired such common units with the prior approval of the general partner, cannot vote on any matter. Kelcy Warren owns a majority interest in, and controls, our general partner, and our general partner has sole responsibility for conducting our business and managing our operations. The general partner may have conflicts of interest with us and limited fiduciary duties, and it may favor its own interests to the detriment of us and our Unitholders. Mr. Warren owns an 81.2% membership interest in, and therefore controls, the general partner and accordingly has the right to appoint and replace all of the officers and directors of the general partner. Although our general partner has a fiduciary duty to manage us in a manner that is beneficial to us and our Unitholders, the directors and officers of the general partner also have a fiduciary duty to manage the general partner in a manner that is beneficial to its majority owner, Mr. Warren. Conflicts of interest will arise between the general partner and its owner, on the one hand, and us and our Unitholders, on the other hand. In resolving these conflicts of interest, the general partner may favor its own interests and the interests of its owner over our interests and the interests of our Unitholders. Unitholders may not have limited liability if a court finds that limited partner actions constitute control of our business. Under Delaware law, unitholders could be held liable for our obligations to the same extent as a general partner if a court determined that the right of limited partners to remove our general partner or to take other action under the Partnership Agreement constituted participation in the “control” of our business. Additionally, under Delaware law, our general partner has unlimited liability for the obligations of Energy Transfer, such as our debts and environmental liabilities, except for those contractual obligations of Energy Transfer that are expressly made without recourse to the general partner. The limitations on the liability of holders of limited partner interests for the obligations of a limited partnership have not been clearly established in some of the states in which we do business. Unitholders could have unlimited liability for obligations of the Partnership if a court or government agency determined that (i) we were conducting business in a state, but had not complied with that particular state’s partnership statute; or (ii) a Unitholder’s right to act with other Unitholders to remove or replace our general partner, to approve some amendments to our Partnership Agreement or to take other actions under the Partnership Agreement constituted “control” of our business. Our general partner has a limited call right that may require Unitholders to sell their units at an undesirable time or price. If at any time our general partner and its affiliates own more than 90% of our outstanding units, our general partner will have the right, but not the obligation, which it may assign to any of its affiliates or to us, to acquire all, but not less than all, of the units held by unaffiliated persons at a price not less than their then-current market price. As a result, Unitholders may be required to sell their units at an undesirable time or price and may not receive any return on their investment. Unitholders may also incur a tax liability upon a sale of their units. As of February 13, 2026, the directors and executive officers of our general partner owned approximately 10% of our Common Units. Our Subsidiaries We have a holding company structure in which our subsidiaries conduct our operations and own our operating assets. We are a holding company, and our subsidiaries conduct all of our operations and own all of our operating assets. We do not have significant assets other than the partnership interests and the equity in our subsidiaries. As a result, our ability to pay distributions to our Unitholders and to service our debt depends on the performance of our subsidiaries and their ability to distribute funds to us. The ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions to us may be restricted by, among other things, credit facilities and applicable state partnership laws and other laws and regulations. In particular, our Five-Year Credit Facility, limits our and certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to make distributions. If we are unable to obtain funds from our subsidiaries, we may not be able to pay distributions to our Unitholders or to pay interest or principal on our debt when due. 81 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The interruption of distributions to us from our operating subsidiaries and equity investees may affect our ability to satisfy our obligations and to make distributions to our partners. We are a holding company with no business operations other than that of our operating subsidiaries. Our only significant assets are the equity interests we own in our operating subsidiaries and equity investees. As a result, we depend upon the earnings and cash flow of our operating subsidiaries and equity investees and any interruption of distributions to us may affect our ability to meet our obligations, including any obligations under our debt agreements, and to make distributions to our partners. Our subsidiaries are not prohibited from competing with us. Neither our Partnership Agreement nor the partnership agreements of our subsidiaries, including Sunoco LP and USAC, prohibit our subsidiaries from owning assets or engaging in businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. In addition, our subsidiaries may acquire, construct or dispose of any assets in the future without any obligation to offer us the opportunity to purchase or construct any of those assets. Sunoco LP and USAC may issue additional common units, which may increase the risk that each Partnership will not have sufficient available cash to maintain or increase its per unit distribution level. The partnership agreements of Sunoco LP and USAC allow each partnership to issue an unlimited number of additional limited partner interests. The issuance of additional common units or other equity securities by each respective partnership will have the following effects: • unitholders’ current proportionate ownership interest in each partnership will decrease; • the amount of cash available for distribution on each common unit or partnership security may decrease; • the ratio of taxable income to distributions may increase; • the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding common unit may be diminished; and • the market price of each partnership’s common units may decline. The payment of distributions on any additional units issued by Sunoco LP and USAC may increase the risk that either partnership may not have sufficient cash available to maintain or increase its per unit distribution level, which in turn may impact the available cash that we have to meet our obligations. A reduction in Sunoco LP’s distributions will disproportionately affect the amount of cash distributions to which Energy Transfer is entitled. Energy Transfer indirectly owns all of the IDRs of Sunoco LP. These IDRs entitle the holder to receive increasing percentages of total cash distributions made by Sunoco LP as such entity reaches established target cash distribution levels as specified in its partnership agreement. Energy Transfer currently receives its pro rata share of cash distributions from Sunoco LP based on the highest sharing level of 50% in respect of the Sunoco LP IDRs. A decrease in the amount of distributions by Sunoco LP to less than $0.65625 per unit per quarter would reduce Energy Transfer’s percentage of the incremental cash distributions from Sunoco LP above $0.546875 per unit per quarter from 50% to 25%. As a result, any such reduction in quarterly cash distributions from Sunoco LP would have the effect of disproportionately reducing the amount of all distributions that Energy Transfer receives, based on its ownership interest in the IDRs as compared to cash distributions received from its Sunoco LP common units. A significant decrease in demand for motor fuel, crude oil, refinery feedstock or refined products, including increased consumer preference for alternative motor fuels, improvements in fuel efficiency or a material shift toward electric or other alternative-power vehicles, in the areas Sunoco LP serves would reduce their ability to make distributions to its unitholders. For the year ended December 31, 2025, sales of refined motor fuels accounted for approximately 92% of Sunoco LP’s total revenues. A significant decrease in demand for motor fuel in the areas Sunoco LP serves could significantly reduce revenues and Sunoco LP’s ability to make distributions to its unitholders, including Energy Transfer. Sunoco LP revenues are dependent on various trends, such as trends in commercial truck traffic, travel and tourism in their areas of operation, and these trends can change. Regulatory action, including government imposed fuel efficiency standards, may also affect demand for motor fuel. Because certain of Sunoco LP’s operating costs and expenses are fixed and do not vary with the volumes of motor fuel distributed, their costs and expenses might not decrease ratably or at all should they experience such a reduction. As a result, Sunoco LP may experience declines in their profit margin if fuel distribution volumes decrease. 82 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Any technological advancements, regulatory changes or changes in consumer preferences causing a significant shift toward alternative motor fuels could reduce demand for the conventional petroleum based motor fuels Sunoco LP currently sells. Additionally, a shift toward electric, hydrogen, natural gas or other alternative-power vehicles could fundamentally change customers’ shopping habits or lead to new forms of fueling destinations or new competitive pressures. New technologies have been developed and from time to time governmental mandates have been implemented to improve fuel efficiency, which may ultimately result in decreased demand for petroleum-based fuel. For example, the EPA previously finalized new criteria pollutant and GHG emissions standards for light and medium-duty vehicles, including passenger cars, vans, pickups, sedans and sport utility vehicles for model years 2027 through 2032 and beyond. However, following the change in U.S. presidential administrations, the EPA finalized rules rescinding these standards and the GHG “Endangerment Finding,” which underpins the majority of EPA’s GHG regulations and GHG emissions standards for new motor vehicles and engines. Additionally, the Trump Administration has taken steps to reduce or eliminate incentives for zero-emission vehicles, and the OBBBA, passed by Congress in July 2025, eliminates electric vehicle credits previously available for new and used electric vehicles and commercial fleets. However, we cannot predict whether or not these regulatory repeals will ultimately be successful or if future administrations may seek to restore incentives and further promote or mandate the adoption of electric vehicles. Any of these or similar actions could result in fewer visits to Sunoco LP’s convenience stores or independently operated commission agents and dealer locations, a reduction in demand from Sunoco LP’s wholesale customers, decreases in both fuel and merchandise sales revenue, or reduced profit margins, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Similarly, any sustained decrease in demand for crude oil, refined products, refinery feedstock, renewable fuels or anhydrous ammonia in the markets Sunoco LP’s pipelines and terminals serve that extends beyond the expiration of Sunoco LP’s existing throughput and deficiency agreements could result in a significant reduction in throughputs in Sunoco LP’s pipelines and storage in Sunoco LP’s terminals, which would reduce Sunoco LP’s cash flows and impair Sunoco LP’s ability to make distributions to Sunoco LP’s unitholders. Factors that tend to decrease market demand include: • a recession, high interest rates, inflation or other adverse economic conditions that result in lower spending by consumers on gasoline, diesel and travel; • events that negatively impact global economic activity, travel and demand generally; • higher fuel taxes or other governmental or regulatory actions that increase, directly or indirectly, the cost of gasoline; • an increase in aggregate automotive engine fuel economy; • new government and regulatory actions or court decisions requiring the phase out or reduced use of gasoline-fueled vehicles; • the increased use of and public demand for use of alternative fuel sources or electric vehicles; • an increase in the market price of crude oil that increases refined product prices, which may reduce demand for refined products and increase demand for alternative products; and • adverse weather events resulting in decreased corn acres planted, which may reduce demand for anhydrous ammonia. Sunoco LP’s financial condition and results of operations are influenced by changes in the prices of motor fuel, which may adversely impact margins, customers’ financial condition and the availability of trade credit. Sunoco LP’s operating results are influenced by prices for motor fuel, refinery feedstock and refined petroleum products. General economic and political conditions, acts of war or terrorism and instability in oil producing regions, particularly in the Middle East, South America, Russia and Africa, could significantly impact crude oil supplies, refinery feedstock and petroleum costs. Significant increases or high volatility in petroleum costs could impact consumer demand for motor fuel and convenience merchandise. Such volatility makes it difficult to predict the impact that future petroleum costs fluctuations may have on Sunoco LP’s operating results and financial condition. Sunoco LP is subject to dealer tank wagon pricing structures at certain locations further contributing to margin volatility. A significant change in any of these factors could materially impact both wholesale and retail fuel margins, the volume of motor fuel distributed or sold at retail, and overall customer traffic, each of which in turn could have a material adverse effect on Sunoco LP’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to its unitholders. Significant increases in wholesale motor fuel prices could impact Sunoco LP as some of their customers may have insufficient credit to purchase motor fuel from us at their historical volumes. Higher prices for motor fuel may also reduce access to trade credit support or cause it to become more expensive. 83 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The industries in which Sunoco LP operates are subject to seasonal trends, which may cause its operating costs to fluctuate, affecting its cash flow. Sunoco LP relies in part on customer travel and spending patterns and may experience more demand for gasoline in the late spring and summer months than during the fall and winter. Travel, recreation and construction are typically higher in these months in the geographic areas in which Sunoco LP or its commission agents and dealers operate, increasing the demand for motor fuel that they sell and distribute. Therefore, Sunoco LP’s revenues and cash flows are typically higher in the second and third quarters of our fiscal year. As a result, Sunoco LP’s results from operations may vary widely from period to period, affecting Sunoco LP’s cash flow. The dangers inherent in the storage and transportation of motor fuel, crude oil, refinery feedstock, refined petroleum products and anhydrous ammonia could cause disruptions in Sunoco LP’s operations and could expose them to potentially significant losses, costs or liabilities. Sunoco LP’s operations are subject to significant hazards and risks inherent in transporting and storing motor fuel, crude oil, refinery feedstock, refined petroleum products and anhydrous ammonia. These hazards and risks include, but are not limited to, traffic accidents, fires, explosions, spills, discharges, and other releases, any of which could result in distribution difficulties and disruptions, environmental pollution, governmentally-imposed fines or clean-up obligations, personal injury or wrongful death claims, and other damage to its properties and the properties of others. Any such event not covered by Sunoco LP’s insurance could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to its unitholders. Additionally, Sunoco LP’s pipelines, terminals, storage assets and refinery operations are generally long-lived assets, and some have been in service for many years. The age and condition of Sunoco LP’s assets could result in increased maintenance or repair expenditures in the future. If any of Sunoco LP’s facilities, or those of its customers or suppliers, suffer significant damage or are forced to shut down for a significant period of time, it may have a material adverse effect on Sunoco LP’s results of operations and financial condition as a whole. Sunoco LP’s pipelines, fuel storage terminals and refinery operations are subject to operational and business risks which may adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to make distributions to its unitholders. Sunoco LP’s pipelines, fuel storage terminals and refinery are subject to operational and business risks, the most significant of which include the following: • the inability to renew a ground lease for certain of its pipelines, fuel storage terminals or at the Burnaby Refinery on similar terms or at all; • the dependence on third parties to supply its fuel storage terminals and refinery feedstock; • outages at its pipelines, fuel storage terminals or Burnaby Refinery, or interrupted operations due to weather-related or other natural causes; • the threat that the nation’s terminal infrastructure and the Burnaby Refinery may be a future target of terrorist organizations; • the volatility in the prices of the products transported on its pipelines, stored at its fuel storage terminals or its refinery feedstock and the resulting fluctuations in demand for storage services; • the effects of a sustained recession or other adverse economic conditions; • the possibility of federal and/or state regulations that may discourage its customers from transporting or storing gasoline, diesel fuel, ethanol and jet fuel at its fuel storage terminals or reduce the demand by consumers for petroleum products, and the possibility of federal, state or provincial regulation in Canada, particularly with respect to the Burnaby Refinery; • competition from other pipelines and fuel storage terminals that are able to provide its customers with comparable transportation service or storage capacity at lower prices or from other refineries servicing the Lower Mainland in Canada; and • climate change legislation or regulations that restrict emissions of GHGs could result in increased operating and capital costs and reduced demand for its transportation and storage services. The occurrence of any of the above situations, amongst others, may affect operations at Sunoco LP’s fuel storage terminals or the Burnaby Refinery and may adversely affect Sunoco LP’s business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to make distributions to its unitholders. 84 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Negative events or developments associated with Sunoco LP’s branded suppliers could have an adverse impact on its revenues. Sunoco LP believes that the success of its operations is dependent, in part, on the continuing favorable reputation, market value, and name recognition associated with the motor fuel brands sold at Sunoco LP’s convenience stores and at stores operated by its independent, branded dealers and commission agents. Erosion of the value of those brands could have an adverse impact on the volumes of motor fuel Sunoco LP distributes, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations and ability to make distributions to its unitholders. The wholesale motor fuel distribution industry and convenience store industry are characterized by intense competition and fragmentation and impacted by new entrants. Failure to effectively compete could result in lower margins. The market for distribution of wholesale motor fuel is highly competitive and fragmented, which results in narrow margins. Sunoco LP has numerous competitors, some of which may have significantly greater resources and name recognition than it does. Sunoco LP relies on its ability to provide value-added, reliable services and to control its operating costs in order to maintain our margins and competitive position. If Sunoco LP fails to maintain the quality of its services, certain of its customers could choose alternative distribution sources and margins could decrease. While major integrated oil companies have generally continued to divest retail sites and the corresponding wholesale distribution to such sites, such major oil companies could shift from this strategy and decide to distribute their own products in direct competition with Sunoco LP, or large customers could attempt to buy directly from the major oil companies. The occurrence of any of these events could have a material adverse effect on Sunoco LP’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to its unitholders. The geographic areas in which Sunoco LP operates and supplies independently operated commission agent and dealer locations are highly competitive and marked by ease of entry and constant change in the number and type of retailers offering products and services of the type we and our independently operated commission agents and dealers sell in stores. Sunoco LP competes with other convenience store chains, independently owned convenience stores, motor fuel stations, supermarkets, drugstores, discount stores, dollar stores, club stores, mass merchants and local restaurants. Over the past two decades, several non-traditional retailers, such as supermarkets, hypermarkets, club stores and mass merchants, have impacted the convenience store industry, particularly in the geographic areas in which Sunoco LP operates, by entering the motor fuel retail business. These non-traditional motor fuel retailers have captured a significant share of the motor fuels market, and Sunoco LP expects their market share will continue to grow. In some of Sunoco LP’s markets, its competitors have been in existence longer and have greater financial, marketing, and other resources than they or their independently operated commission agents and dealers do. As a result, Sunoco LP’s competitors may be able to better respond to changes in the economy and new opportunities within the industry. To remain competitive, Sunoco LP must constantly analyze consumer preferences and competitors’ offerings and prices to ensure that they offer a selection of convenience products and services at competitive prices to meet consumer demand. Sunoco LP must also maintain and upgrade our customer service levels, facilities and locations to remain competitive and attract customer traffic to our stores. Sunoco LP may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, and competitive pressures faced by Sunoco LP could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and cash available for distribution to its unitholders. Sunoco LP competes with other midstream service providers, including certain major energy and chemical companies, that possess, or have greater financial resources to acquire, assets better suited to meet customer demand, which could undermine Sunoco LP’s ability to obtain and retain customers or reduce utilization of its assets, which could adversely affect its revenues and cash flows, thereby reducing Sunoco LP’s ability to make its quarterly distributions to unitholders. Sunoco LP faces competition in all aspects of its business and can give no assurances that it will be able to compete effectively against its competitors. Sunoco LP’s competitors include major energy and chemical companies, some of which have greater financial resources, more pipelines or storage terminals, greater capacity pipelines or storage terminals and greater access to supply than does Sunoco LP. Certain of Sunoco LP’s competitors also have advantages in competing for acquisitions or other new business opportunities because of their financial resources and synergies in operations. As a consequence of increased competition in the industry or market conditions, some customers are and others may be in the future reluctant to renew or enter into long-term contracts or contracts that provide for minimum throughput amounts. Sunoco LP’s inability to renew or replace a significant portion of its current contracts as they expire, to enter into contracts for newly acquired, constructed or expanded assets and to respond appropriately to changing market conditions would have a negative effect on Sunoco LP’s revenue, cash flows and ability to make quarterly distributions to its unitholders. 85 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Sunoco LP does not own all of the land on which its retail service stations are located, and Sunoco LP leases certain facilities and equipment, and Sunoco LP is subject to the possibility of increased costs to retain necessary land use which could disrupt its operations. Sunoco LP does not own all of the land on which its retail service stations are located. Sunoco LP has rental agreements for approximately 61% of Sunoco LP, commission agent or dealer operated retail service stations where Sunoco LP currently controls the real estate. Sunoco LP also has rental agreements for certain logistics facilities. As such, Sunoco LP is subject to the possibility of increased costs under rental agreements with landowners, primarily through rental increases and renewals of expired agreements. Sunoco LP is also subject to the risk that such agreements may not be renewed. Additionally, certain facilities and equipment (or parts thereof) used by Sunoco LP are leased from third parties for specific periods. Sunoco LP’s inability to renew leases or otherwise maintain the right to utilize such facilities and equipment on acceptable terms, or the increased costs to maintain such rights, could have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Like other pipeline and storage logistics services providers, certain of Sunoco LP’s pipelines, storage terminals and other facilities are located on land owned by third parties and governmental agencies that Sunoco LP has obtained the right to utilize for these purposes through contract (rather than through outright purchase). Many of Sunoco LP’s rights-of-way or other property rights are perpetual in duration, but others are for a specific period of time. In addition, some of Sunoco LP’s facilities are located on leased premises. A potential loss of property rights through Sunoco LP’s inability to renew right-of-way contracts or leases or otherwise retain property rights on acceptable terms or the increased costs to renew such rights could adversely affect its financial condition, results of operations and cash flows available for distribution to its unitholders. Sunoco LP is subject to federal laws related to the Renewable Fuel Standard. New laws, new interpretations of existing laws, increased governmental enforcement of existing laws or other developments could require us to make additional capital expenditures or incur additional liabilities. For example, certain independent refiners have initiated discussions with the EPA to change the way the Renewable Fuel Standard (“RFS”) is administered in an attempt to shift the burden of compliance from refiners and importers to blenders and distributors. Under the RFS, which requires an annually increasing amount of biofuels to be blended into the fuels used by U.S. drivers, refiners/importers are obligated to obtain renewable identification numbers (“RINs”) either by blending biofuel into gasoline or through purchase in the open market. If the obligation was shifted from the importer/refiner to the blender/distributor, the Partnership would potentially have to utilize the RINs it obtains through its blending activities to satisfy a new obligation and would be unable to sell RINs to other obligated parties, which may cause an impact on the fuel margins associated with Sunoco LP’s sale of gasoline. In addition, the RFS regulations are highly complex and evolving, and the RINs market is subject to significant price volatility as a result. In June 2025, the EPA proposed volume requirements for 2026 and 2027 that continue to build on the increasing volume requirements established in July 2023, though the substance of any final rule is uncertain. The occurrence of any of the events described above could have a material adverse effect on Sunoco LP’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to its unitholders. Sunoco LP is subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern the product quality specifications of refined petroleum products it purchases, stores, transports, and sells to its distribution customers. Various federal, state, and local government agencies have the authority to prescribe specific product quality specifications for certain commodities, including commodities that Sunoco LP distributes. Changes in product quality specifications, such as reduced sulfur content in refined petroleum products, or other more stringent requirements for fuels, could reduce Sunoco LP’s ability to procure product, require it to incur additional handling costs and/or require the expenditure of capital. If Sunoco LP is unable to procure product or recover these costs through increased selling price, it may not be able to meet its financial obligations. Failure to comply with these regulations could result in substantial penalties for Sunoco LP. If third-party pipelines and other facilities interconnected to Sunoco LP’s fuel storage terminals and transmix processing facilities become partially or fully unavailable to transport refined products, Sunoco LP’s revenues could be adversely affected. Sunoco LP depends upon third-party pipelines and other facilities that provide delivery options to and from its fuel storage terminals and transmix processing facilities. Since Sunoco LP does not own or operate these pipelines or other facilities, their continuing operation in their current manner is not within Sunoco LP’s control. If any of these third-party facilities become partially or fully unavailable, or if the quality specifications for their facilities change so as to restrict our ability to utilize them, Sunoco LP’s financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 86 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements The third parties on whom Sunoco LP relies for transportation services to its fuel storage terminals and transmix processing facilities are subject to complex federal, state, and other laws that could adversely affect Sunoco LP’s financial condition and results of operations. The operations of the third parties on whom Sunoco LP relies for transportation services are subject to complex and stringent laws and regulations that require obtaining and maintaining numerous permits, approvals and certifications from various federal, state and local government authorities. These third parties may incur substantial costs in order to comply with existing laws and regulations. If existing laws and regulations governing such third-party services are revised or reinterpreted, or if new laws and regulations become applicable to their operations, these changes may affect the costs that Sunoco LP pays for services. Similarly, a failure to comply with such laws and regulations by the third parties could have a material adverse effect on Sunoco LP’s financial condition and results of operations. Integration of assets and businesses acquired by Sunoco LP in past acquisitions or future acquisitions with its existing business will be a complex, time-consuming and costly process, particularly given that assets acquired to date significantly increased Sunoco LP’s size and diversified the geographic areas in which it operates. A failure to successfully integrate the acquired assets or businesses, such as Parkland, with Sunoco LP’s existing business in a timely manner may have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations or cash available for distribution to its unitholders. The difficulties of integrating past and future acquisitions with Sunoco LP’s business includes, among other things: • operating a larger combined organization in new geographic areas and new lines of business; • hiring, training or retaining qualified personnel to manage and operate Sunoco LP’s growing business and assets; • integrating management teams and employees into existing operations and establishing effective communication and information exchange with such management teams and employees; • diversion of management’s attention from Sunoco LP’s existing business; • assimilation of acquired assets and operations, including additional regulatory programs, operational philosophies and complex systems; • loss of customers, suppliers or key employees; • maintaining an effective system of internal controls in compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 as well as other regulatory compliance and corporate governance matters; • integrating new technology systems for financial reporting; and • assuming contractual obligations of acquired businesses, potential unknown liabilities and unforeseeable increased expenses as a result of such acquisitions. If any of these risks or other unanticipated liabilities or costs were to materialize, then desired benefits from past acquisitions and future acquisitions could result in a negative impact to Sunoco LP’s future results of operations. In addition, acquired assets may perform at levels below the forecasts used to evaluate them, due to factors beyond Sunoco LP’s control. If the acquired assets perform at levels below the forecasts, then Sunoco LP’s future results of operations could be negatively impacted. Sunoco LP acquired Parkland, a Canadian corporation, indirectly through Sunoco Retail LLC, a wholly owned corporate subsidiary of Sunoco LP. The acquisition involved the creation of SunocoCorp, within our ownership structure, and resulted in Sunoco LP’s expansion into jurisdictions where it did not previously have an operating footprint, which may expose Sunoco LP to additional regulatory, operational and geopolitical risks. See “—Risks Relating to Our Partnership Structure—Our Subsidiaries—Sunoco LP operates assets outside of the United States, which exposes Sunoco LP to different legal and regulatory requirements and additional risk” for more information. Sunoco LP’s acquisition of Parkland involved the combination of a U.S. master limited partnership with a Canadian corporation and involved the creation of a separate public company, SunocoCorp, within our ownership structure, and resulted in its expansion into jurisdictions where it did not previously have an operating footprint, which may expose Sunoco LP to additional regulatory, operational and geopolitical risks. See “—Regulatory Matters—Sunoco LP operates assets outside of the United States, which exposes Sunoco LP to different legal and regulatory requirements and additional risk” for more information. The combination of two independent businesses is complex, costly and time consuming, and Sunoco LP will be required to continue to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of Parkland into Sunoco LP to achieve, among other things, the targeted cost synergies associated with the acquisition. To the extent Sunoco LP is unable to successfully integrate the business and operations of Parkland into its operations, and to the 87 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements extent Sunoco LP is unable to successfully manage the creation and associated expenses of SunocoCorp, Sunoco LP’s business, results of operations and its ability to achieve the anticipated benefits of the acquisition may be adversely affected. Sunoco LP could be subject to liabilities from its assets that predate the acquisition of those assets, but that are not covered by indemnification rights Sunoco LP has against the sellers of the assets. Sunoco LP has acquired assets and businesses and it is not always indemnified by the seller for liabilities that precede its ownership. In addition, in some cases, Sunoco LP has indemnified the previous owners and operators of acquired assets or businesses. Some of Sunoco LP’s assets have been used for many years to transport and store crude oil and refined products, and past releases could require costly future remediation. If a significant release or event occurred in the past, the liability for which was not retained by the seller, or for which indemnification by the seller is not available, it could adversely affect Sunoco LP’s financial position and results of operations. Conversely, if liabilities arise from assets Sunoco LP has sold, it could incur costs related to those liabilities if the buyer possesses valid indemnification rights against Sunoco LP with respect to those assets. Sunoco LP operates assets outside of the United States, which exposes it to different legal and regulatory requirements and additional risk. A portion of Sunoco LP’s revenues are generated from its assets located in northern Mexico and Europe. Sunoco LP’s operations are subject to various risks that could have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations and financial condition, including political and economic instability from civil unrest; labor strikes; war and other armed conflict; inflation; currency fluctuations, devaluation and conversion restrictions or other factors. Any deterioration of social, political, labor or economic conditions, including the increasing threat of terrorist organizations and drug cartels in Mexico, or affecting a customer with whom Sunoco LP does business, as well as difficulties in staffing, obtaining necessary equipment and supplies and managing foreign operations, may adversely affect Sunoco LP’s operations or financial results. Sunoco LP is also exposed to the risk of foreign and domestic governmental actions that may: impose additional costs on Sunoco LP; delay permits or otherwise impede Sunoco LP’s operations; limit or disrupt markets for Sunoco LP’s operations, restrict payments or limit the movement of funds; impose sanctions on or otherwise restrict Sunoco LP’s ability to conduct business with certain customers or persons or in certain countries; or result in the deprivation of contract rights. Sunoco LP’s operations outside the United States may also be affected by changes in trade protection laws, policies and measures, and other regulatory requirements affecting trade and investment, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and foreign laws prohibiting corrupt payments, as well as travel restrictions and import and export regulations. Sunoco LP’s investment in the Burnaby Refinery is subject to operational risks, including commodity price and pricing pressure and environment, health and safety hazards. If any of the operational risks materialize, our financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Following the Parkland acquisition, Sunoco LP owns and operates a refinery located in Burnaby, British Columbia (the “Burnaby Refinery”), which produces and supplies fuel within the Lower Mainland in British Columbia, Canada. The Burnaby Refinery has two crude units, including a 25,000 barrel per day crude unit and a 30,000 barrel per day splitter, that are designed to process Canadian light and medium sweet crudes. Key operational risks at the Burnaby Refinery include: supply disruptions of crude oil and bio-feedstocks, product offtake contract issues or interruptions, operational availability, labor and material shortages, compliance with regulatory requirements, includes GHG emission and low-carbon fuel intensity production requirements, and local community opposition. Major accidents could cause significant damage and may result in operational interruptions, loss of licenses, fines, reputational damage, injuries or fatalities. Large amounts of power, heat by way of natural gas and large volumes of water are used to refine crude oil, the supply of which is not in our control, and even a temporary interruption of power, natural gas or water could adversely affect continuous operations. Unanticipated costs and delays during maintenance may negatively impact Sunoco LP’s operational results. Scheduled and unscheduled maintenance and repairs at the Burnaby Refinery may reduce revenue and increase Sunoco LP’s operating costs, impacting our financial and operational results. Additionally, Sunoco LP contracts with third parties for the supply of crude oil and other feedstock to the Burnaby Refinery. Crude oil sourced by the Burnaby Refinery is delivered from Alberta by the Trans Mountain Pipeline (“TMPL”). Interruptions or apportionment on the TMPL’s pipeline system can result in Sunoco LP temporarily ceasing or decreasing processing operations at the Burnaby Refinery and may materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Burnaby Refinery could see variability in its crude deliveries as the capacity on the pipeline fluctuates from time to time, which can impact committed as well as uncommitted linespace, based on operating conditions and planned and/or unplanned maintenance. In addition to the TMPL line capacity, extreme or unexpected weather events may affect the operation of the TMPL. Significant operational delays, changes in tariffs and unanticipated costs could adversely impact the refinery. 88 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Refining gross margins are primarily driven by commodity prices and are a function of the difference between the costs of feedstock (primarily crude oil) and the market prices for the marketing of finished products (such as gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, lubricants, fuel oil and fuel and lubricant additives). Prices for commodities are determined by global and regional marketplaces and are influenced by many factors, including supply and demand balances, inventory levels, industry refinery operations, import and export balances, currency fluctuations, seasonal demand, political climate, disruptions at the refinery resulting from unplanned outages due to severe weather, fires or other operational events and plant capacity utilization. Sustained low refining margins may have an adverse effect on our revenue, profitability and ability to service debt and pay distributions. The Burnaby Refinery faces hazards related to hydrocarbon supply and processing, including, but not limited to, fires, explosions, railcar or marine vessel incidents, oil spills, migration of harmful substances, corrosion, vandalism, terrorism and other accidents that may occur at or during transport to or from sites. The consequences of an accidental spill or release at or near any marine terminal used in connection with Sunoco LP’s operations could be significant, given the complexities of addressing releases occurring in marine environments or along populated coastlines. Such incidents could result in significant disruptions to offshore shipping activities and impede Sunoco LP’s ability to operate in any affected areas. These hazards may interrupt operations, cause injuries or fatalities, cause loss of or damage to equipment, property, information technology or control systems, and data, or result in environmental damage that may include pollution of water, land or air. The consequences could expose Sunoco LP to business interruptions, potential liabilities, modifications to or revocation of existing regulatory approvals, fines and other environmental damages, or reputational impacts. Sunoco LP faces a variety of risks related to its entry into the refinery business following the completion of the Parkland acquisition. Entry into a new line of business in a new jurisdiction may also subject Sunoco LP to new laws and regulations with which it is not familiar and may lead to increased litigation and regulatory risk. In addition, there is some risk as it relates to indigenous groups asserting aboriginal or treaty rights in various regions of western Canada, particularly in British Columbia. Such claims may affect many businesses operating in western Canada as the claims are litigated or settled with the federal and provincial governments. The federal and provincial governments have a duty to consult with indigenous people on actions and decisions that may affect their aboriginal or treaty rights and, in certain cases, accommodate their concerns. The government’s duty to consult may be triggered if Sunoco LP applies to obtain or renew significant permits, leases, licenses or other approvals for its operations in the traditional territories of indigenous groups. Sunoco LP’s management team has not engaged in the refinery operations business in recent years and continues to familiarize itself with the Canadian regulatory landscape, which imposes more stringent requirements than those in the other jurisdictions in which it operates. If Sunoco LP is unable to successfully implement the acquired business of Parkland, in particular, the Burnaby Refinery, Sunoco LP’s revenue and profitability may not grow as expected, its competitiveness may be materially and adversely affected, and its reputation and business may be harmed. USAC’s customers may choose to vertically integrate their operations by purchasing and operating their own compression fleet, increasing the number of compression units they currently own or using alternative technologies for enhancing crude oil production. USAC’s customers that are significant producers, processors, gatherers and transporters of natural gas and crude oil may choose to vertically integrate their operations by purchasing and operating their own compression fleets in lieu of using USAC’s compression services. The historical availability of attractive financing terms from financial institutions and equipment manufacturers facilitates this possibility by making the purchase of individual compression units more affordable to USAC’s customers. In addition, there are many technologies available for the artificial enhancement of crude oil production, and USAC’s customers may elect to use these alternative technologies instead of the gas lift compression services USAC provides. Such vertical integration, increases in vertical integration or use of alternative technologies could result in decreased demand for USAC’s compression services, which may have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations, financial condition and reduce its cash available for distribution. A significant portion of USAC’s services are provided to customers on a month-to-month basis, and USAC cannot be sure that such customers will continue to utilize its services. USAC’s contracts typically have initial terms between six months to five years, depending on the application and location of the compression unit. After the expiration of the initial term, the contract continues on a month-to-month or longer basis until terminated by USAC or USAC’s customers upon notice as provided for in the applicable contract. For the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 19% of USAC’s compression services on a revenue basis were provided on a month-to-month basis to customers who continue to utilize its services following expiration of the primary term of their contracts. These customers can generally terminate their month-to-month compression services contracts on 30-days’ written notice. If a significant number of these customers were to terminate their month-to-month services, or attempt to renegotiate their month- 89 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements to-month contracts at substantially lower rates, it could have a material adverse effect on USAC’s business, results of operations, financial condition and cash available for distribution. Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest The fiduciary duties of our general partner’s officers and directors may conflict with those of SunocoCorp’s, Sunoco LP’s or USAC’s respective managing member or general partners, as applicable. Conflicts of interest may arise because of the relationships among SunocoCorp, its managing member, Sunoco LP, USAC, their general partners and us. Our General Partner’s directors and officers have fiduciary duties to manage our business in a manner beneficial to us and our Unitholders. Some of our general partner’s directors or officers are also directors and/or officers of Sunoco LP’s general partner, USAC’s general partner or SunocoCorp’s managing member, and have fiduciary duties to manage the respective businesses of Sunoco LP, USAC and SunocoCorp in a manner beneficial to Sunoco LP, USAC, SunocoCorp and their respective unitholders. The resolution of these conflicts may not always be in our best interest or that of our Unitholders. Although we control SunocoCorp, Sunoco LP and USAC through our ownership of SunocoCorp’s managing member and Sunoco LP’s and USAC’s general partners, SunocoCorp’s managing member and Sunoco LP’s and USAC’s general partners owe duties to SunocoCorp and SunocoCorp’s unitholders, Sunoco LP and Sunoco LP’s unitholders and USAC and USAC’s unitholders, respectively, which may conflict with our interests. Conflicts of interest exist and may arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and SunocoCorp and its respective members and Sunoco LP and USAC and their respective limited partners, on the other hand. The directors and officers of Sunoco LP’s and USAC’s general partners and SunocoCorp’s managing member have duties to manage Sunoco LP, USAC, and SunocoCorp, respectively, in a manner beneficial to us. At the same time, the general partners and the managing member have fiduciary duties to manage Sunoco LP and USAC and SunocoCorp in a manner beneficial to Sunoco LP and USAC and their respective limited partners and to SunocoCorp and its members. Sunoco LP’s and USAC’s general partner and SunocoCorp’s managing member will resolve any such conflict and have broad latitude to consider the interests of all parties to the conflict. The resolution of these conflicts may not always be in our best interest. For example, conflicts of interest with SunocoCorp, Sunoco LP and USAC may arise in the following situations: • the allocation of shared overhead expenses to SunocoCorp, Sunoco LP, USAC and us; • the management of the ET-S Permian joint venture; • the interpretation and enforcement of contractual obligations between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and SunocoCorp, Sunoco LP and USAC, on the other hand; • the determination of the amount of cash to be distributed to Sunoco LP’s and USAC’s partners and the amount of cash to be reserved for the future conduct of Sunoco LP’s and USAC’s businesses; • the determination whether to make borrowings under Sunoco LP’s and USAC’s revolving credit facilities to pay distributions to their respective partners; • the determination of whether a business opportunity (such as a commercial development opportunity or an acquisition) that we may become aware of independently of Sunoco LP and USAC is made available for Sunoco LP and USAC to pursue; and • any decision we make in the future to engage in business activities independent of SunocoCorp, Sunoco LP and USAC. Potential conflicts of interest may arise among our general partner, its affiliates and us. Our general partner and its affiliates have limited fiduciary duties to us, which may permit them to favor their own interests to the detriment of us. Conflicts of interest may arise among our general partner and its affiliates, on the one hand, and us, on the other hand. As a result of these conflicts, our general partner may favor its own interests and the interests of its affiliates over our interests. These conflicts include, among others, the following: • our general partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us, including SunocoCorp, Sunoco LP and USAC, and their respective affiliates and any general partners and limited partnerships acquired in the future, in resolving conflicts of interest, which has the effect of limiting its fiduciary duties to us. • our general partner has limited its liability and reduced its fiduciary duties under the terms of our Partnership Agreement, while also restricting the remedies available for actions that, without these limitations, might constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. As a result of purchasing our units, Unitholders consent to various actions and conflicts of interest that might otherwise constitute a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable state law. 90 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • our general partner determines the amount and timing of our investment transactions, borrowings, issuances of additional partnership securities and reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash that is available for distribution. • our general partner determines which costs it and its affiliates have incurred are reimbursable by us. • our Partnership Agreement does not restrict our general partner from causing us to pay it or its affiliates for any services rendered, or from entering into additional contractual arrangements with any of these entities on our behalf, so long as the terms of any such payments or additional contractual arrangements are fair and reasonable to us. • our general partner controls the enforcement of obligations owed to us by it and its affiliates. • our general partner decides whether to retain separate counsel, accountants or others to perform services for us. Our Partnership Agreement limits our general partner’s fiduciary duties to us and restricts the remedies available for actions taken by our general partner that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. Our Partnership Agreement contains provisions that reduce the standards to which our general partner would otherwise be held by state fiduciary duty law. For example, our Partnership Agreement: • permits our general partner to make a number of decisions in its individual capacity, as opposed to in its capacity as our general partner. This entitles our general partner to consider only the interests and factors that it desires, and it has no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of, or factors affecting, us, our affiliates or any limited partner; • provides that our general partner is entitled to make other decisions in “good faith” if it reasonably believes that the decisions are in our best interests; • generally provides that affiliated transactions and resolutions of conflicts of interest not approved by a conflicts committee of the board of directors of our general partner and not involving a vote of Unitholders must be on terms no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or be “fair and reasonable” to us and that, in determining whether a transaction or resolution is “fair and reasonable,” our general partner may consider the totality of the relationships among the parties involved, including other transactions that may be particularly favorable or advantageous to us; • provides that unless our general partner has acted in bad faith, the action taken by our general partner shall not constitute a breach of its fiduciary duty; • provides that our general partner may resolve any conflicts of interest involving us and our general partner and its affiliates, and any resolution of a conflict of interest by our general partner that is “fair and reasonable” to us will be deemed approved by all partners, including the Unitholders, and will not constitute a breach of the Partnership Agreement; • provides that our general partner may, but is not required, in connection with its resolution of a conflict of interest, to seek “special approval” of such resolution by appointing a conflicts committee of the general partner’s board of directors composed of two or more independent directors to consider such conflicts of interest and to recommend action to the board of directors, and any resolution of the conflict of interest by the conflicts committee shall be conclusively deemed “fair and reasonable” to us; and • provides that our general partner and its officers and directors will not be liable for monetary damages to us, our limited partners or assignees for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that the general partner or those other persons acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud, willful misconduct or gross negligence. Our general partner’s absolute discretion in determining the level of cash reserves may adversely affect our ability to make cash distributions to our Unitholders. Our Partnership Agreement requires our general partner to deduct from operating surplus cash reserves that in its reasonable discretion are necessary to fund our future operating expenditures. In addition, our Partnership Agreement permits our general partner to reduce available cash by establishing cash reserves for the proper conduct of our business, to comply with applicable law or agreements to which we are a party or to provide funds for future distributions to partners. These cash reserves will affect the amount of cash available for distribution to Unitholders. Affiliates of our general partner may compete with us. Except as provided in our Partnership Agreement, affiliates and related parties of our general partner are not prohibited from engaging in other businesses or activities, including those that might be in direct competition with us. 91 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Tax Risks to Unitholders Our tax treatment depends on our continuing status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, as well as our not being subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation. If the IRS were to treat us and our subsidiaries, including Sunoco LP and USAC as a corporation for federal income tax purposes or if we, Sunoco LP or USAC become subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation for state tax purposes, then our cash available for distribution would be substantially reduced. The anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in our units depends largely on our being treated as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. We have not requested, and do not plan to request, a ruling from the IRS on this matter. The value of our investments in Sunoco LP and USAC, depend largely on Sunoco LP and USAC being treated as partnerships for federal income tax purposes. Despite the fact that we, Sunoco LP and USAC are each a limited partnership under Delaware law, we would each be treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes unless we satisfy a “qualifying income” requirement. Based upon our current operations and current Treasury Regulations, we believe we, Sunoco LP and USAC satisfy the qualifying income requirement. Failing to meet the qualifying income requirement or a change in current law could cause us, Sunoco LP or USAC to be treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject us to taxation as an entity. If we, Sunoco LP or USAC were treated as a corporation for federal income tax purposes, we would pay federal income tax at the corporate tax rate and we would likely pay additional state income taxes at varying rates. Distributions to Unitholders would generally be taxed again as corporate distributions, and none of our income, gains, losses or deductions would flow through to Unitholders. Because a tax would be imposed upon us as a corporation, our cash available for distribution to Unitholders would be substantially reduced. Therefore, treatment of us as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to the Unitholders, likely causing a substantial reduction in the value of our units. At the state level, several states have been evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state income, franchise, or other forms of taxation. We currently own property or conduct business in many states that impose a margin or franchise tax. In the future, we may expand our operations. Imposition of a similar tax on us in the jurisdictions in which we operate or in other jurisdictions to which we may expand could substantially reduce our cash available for distribution to our Unitholders. Our Partnership Agreement provides that if a law is enacted or existing law is modified or interpreted in a manner that subjects us to taxation as a corporation or otherwise subjects us to entity-level taxation for U.S. federal, state, local or foreign income tax purposes, the target distribution amounts may be adjusted to reflect the impact of that law or interpretation on us. The tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in our units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes or differing interpretations, possibly applied on a retroactive basis. The present United States federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including us, or an investment in our units may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial changes or differing interpretations at any time. Members of Congress have frequently proposed and considered substantive changes to the existing United States federal income tax laws that affect publicly traded partnerships, including proposals that would eliminate our ability to qualify for partnership tax treatment. Recent proposals have provided for the expansion of the qualifying income exception for publicly traded partnerships in certain circumstances and other proposals have provided for the total elimination of the qualifying income exception upon which we rely for our partnership tax treatment. In addition, the U.S. Department of the Treasury has issued, and in the future may issue, regulations interpreting those laws that affect publicly traded partnerships. There can be no assurance that there will not be further changes to United States federal income tax laws or the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s interpretation of the qualifying income rules in a manner that could impact our ability to qualify as a partnership in the future. Any modification to the United States federal income tax laws and interpretations thereof may or may not be retroactively applied and could make it more difficult or impossible for us to meet the exception for certain publicly traded partnerships to be treated as partnerships for United States federal income tax purposes. We are unable to predict whether any changes or other proposals will ultimately be enacted. Any future legislative changes could negatively impact the value of an investment in our units. You are urged to consult with your own tax advisor with respect to the status of regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on your investment in our units. If the IRS contests the federal income tax positions we take, the market for our units may be adversely affected and the costs of any such contest will reduce cash available to pay our debt securities and for distributions to our Unitholders. We have not requested a ruling from the IRS with respect to our treatment as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the positions we take. It may be necessary to resort to administrative or court 92 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements proceedings to sustain some or all of the positions we take. A court may not agree with some or all of the positions we take. Any contest with the IRS may materially and adversely impact the market for our units, and the prices at which they trade. In addition, the costs of any contest between us and the IRS will result in a reduction in our cash available to pay our debt securities and for distribution to our Unitholders and thus will be borne indirectly by our Unitholders. If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns, it (and some states) may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustments directly from us, in which case our cash available to pay our debt securities and for distribution to our Unitholders might be substantially reduced. If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns, it (and some states) may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustment directly from us. To the extent possible, our general partner may elect to either pay the taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) directly to the IRS or, if we are eligible, issue an information statement to each Unitholder and former Unitholder with respect to an audited and adjusted return. Although our general partner may elect to have our Unitholders and former Unitholders take such audit adjustment into account and pay any resulting taxes (including applicable penalties or interest) in accordance with their interests in us during the tax year under audit, there can be no assurance that such election will be practical, permissible or effective in all circumstances. As a result, our current Unitholders may bear some or all of the tax liability resulting from such audit adjustment, even if such Unitholders did not own units in us during the tax year under audit. If, as a result of any such audit adjustment, we are required to make payments of taxes, penalties and interest, our cash available for distribution to our Unitholders might be substantially reduced. Unitholders are required to pay taxes on their share of our income even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us. Our Unitholders are required to pay any federal income taxes and, in some cases, state and local income taxes on their share of our taxable income whether or not they receive cash distributions from us. Our Unitholders may not receive cash distributions from us equal to their share of our taxable income or even equal to the actual tax liability that results from that income. Tax gain or loss on disposition of our units could be more or less than expected. If a Unitholder sells their units, the Unitholder will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and that Unitholder’s tax basis in those units. Because distributions in excess of a Unitholder’s allocable share of our net taxable income decrease such Unitholder’s tax basis in their units, the amount, if any, of such prior excess distributions with respect to the units a Unitholder sells will, in effect, become taxable income to a Unitholder if such units are sold at a price greater than their tax basis in those units, even if the price such Unitholder receives is less than their original costs. In addition, because the amount realized includes a Unitholder’s share of our nonrecourse liabilities, if a Unitholder sells their units, a Unitholder may incur a tax liability in excess of the amount of cash received from the sale. A substantial portion of the amount realized from a Unitholder’s sale of their units, whether or not representing gain, may be taxed as ordinary income to such Unitholder due to potential recapture items, including depreciation recapture. Thus, a Unitholder may recognize both ordinary income and capital loss from the sale of Common Units if the amount realized on a sale of such units is less than such Unitholder’s adjusted basis in the units. Net capital loss may only offset capital gains and, in the case of individuals, up to $3,000 of ordinary income per year. In the taxable period in which a Unitholder sells their units, such Unitholder may recognize ordinary income from our allocations of income and gain to such Unitholder prior to the sale and from recapture items that generally cannot be offset by any capital loss recognized upon the sale of units. Tax-exempt entities face unique tax issues from owning our units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them. Investment in our units by tax-exempt entities, such as employee benefit plans and individual retirement accounts (known as IRAs) raises issues unique to them. For example, virtually all of our income allocated to organizations that are exempt from United States federal income tax, including IRAs and other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable income and will be taxable to them. Additionally, all or part of any gain recognized by such tax-exempt organization upon a sale or other disposition of our units may be unrelated business taxable income and may be taxable to them. Tax-exempt entities should consult a tax advisor before investing in our units. Non-United States Unitholders will be subject to United States taxes and withholding with respect to their income and gain from owning our units. Non-United States Unitholders are generally taxed and subject to income tax filing requirements by the United States on income effectively connected with a United States trade or business (“effectively connected income”). Income allocated to our Unitholders and any gain from the sale of our units will generally be considered to be “effectively connected” with a United States trade or business. As a result, distributions to a non-United States Unitholder will be subject to withholding at the highest 93 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements applicable effective tax rate and a non-United States Unitholder who sells or otherwise disposes of a unit will also be subject to United States federal income tax on the gain realized from the sale or disposition of that unit. In addition to the withholding tax imposed on distributions of effectively connected income, distributions to a non-U.S. unitholder will also be subject to a 10% withholding tax on the amount of any distribution in excess of our cumulative net income. We intend to treat all of our distributions as being in excess of our cumulative net income for such purposes and subject to such 10% withholding tax. Accordingly, distributions to a non-U.S. unitholder will be subject to a combined withholding tax rate equal to the sum of the highest applicable effective tax rate and 10%. Moreover, the transferee of an interest in a partnership that is engaged in a United States trade or business is generally required to withhold 10% of the “amount realized” by the transferor unless the transferor certifies that it is not a foreign person. While the determination of a partner’s “amount realized” generally includes any decrease of a partner’s share of the partnership’s liabilities, the Treasury regulations provide that the “amount realized” on a transfer of an interest in a publicly traded partnership, such as our units, will generally be the amount of gross proceeds paid to the broker effecting the applicable transfer on behalf of the transferor, and thus will be determined without regard to any decrease in that partner’s share of a publicly traded partnership’s liabilities. For a transfer of interests in a publicly traded partnership that is effected through a broker, the obligation to withhold is imposed on the transferor’s broker. Current and prospective non-U.S. unitholders should consult their tax advisors regarding the impact of these rules on an investment in our units. We have subsidiaries that will be treated as corporations for federal income tax purposes and subject to corporate-level income taxes. Even though we (as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) are not subject to United States federal income tax, some of our operations are conducted through subsidiaries that are organized as corporations for United States federal income tax purposes. The taxable income, if any, of subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for United States federal income tax purposes, is subject to corporate-level United States federal income taxes, which may reduce the cash available for distribution to us and, in turn, to our Unitholders. If the IRS or other state or local jurisdictions were to successfully assert that these corporations have more tax liability than we anticipate or legislation was enacted that increased the corporate tax rate, the cash available for distribution could be further reduced. The income tax return filings positions taken by these corporate subsidiaries require significant judgment, use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. Significant judgment is also required in assessing the timing and amounts of deductible and taxable items. Despite our belief that the income tax return positions taken by these subsidiaries are fully supportable, certain positions may be successfully challenged by the IRS, state or local jurisdictions. We treat each purchaser of units as having the same tax benefits without regard to the actual units purchased. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could result in a Unitholder owing more tax and may adversely affect the value of the units. Because we cannot match transferors and transferees of units and because of other reasons, we have adopted certain methods for allocating depreciation, depletion and amortization that may not conform to all aspects of existing Treasury Regulations. A successful IRS challenge to the use of these methods could adversely affect the amount of tax benefits available to our Unitholders. It also could affect the timing of these tax benefits or the amount of gain from the sale of units and could have a negative impact on the value of our units or result in audit adjustments to tax returns of our Unitholders. Moreover, because we have subsidiaries that are organized as C corporations for federal income tax purposes, a successful IRS challenge could result in these subsidiaries having a greater tax liability than we anticipate and, therefore, reduce the cash available for distribution to our partnership and, in turn, to our Unitholders. We generally prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our units each month based upon the ownership of our units on the first business day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. The IRS may challenge aspects of our proration method, and if successful, we would be required to change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our Unitholders. We generally prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our units each month based upon the ownership of our units on the first business day of each month (the “Allocation Date”), instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. Similarly, we generally allocate (i) certain deductions for depreciation of capital additions, (ii) gain or loss realized on a sale or other disposition of our assets and (iii) in the discretion of the general partner, any other extraordinary item of income, gain, loss or deduction based upon ownership on the Allocation Date. Treasury Regulations allow a similar monthly simplifying convention, but such regulations do not specifically authorize all aspects of the proration method we have adopted. If the IRS were to challenge our proration method, we may be required to change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our Unitholders. A Unitholder whose common or preferred units are the subject of a securities loan (e.g. a loan to a short seller to cover a short sale of common or preferred units) may be considered as having disposed of those units. If so, such Unitholder would no longer 94 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan and may recognize gain or loss from the disposition. Because there are no specific rules governing the federal income tax consequences of loaning a partnership interest, a Unitholder whose units are the subject of a securities loan may be considered as having disposed of the loaned units. In that case, the Unitholder may no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan to the short seller, and the Unitholder and may recognize gain or loss from such disposition. Moreover, during the period of the loan, any of our income, gain, loss or deduction with respect to those units may not be reportable by the Unitholder and any cash distributions received by the Unitholder as to those units could be fully taxable as ordinary income. Unitholders desiring to assure their status as partners and avoid the risk of gain recognition from a securities loan are urged to consult a tax advisor to determine whether it is advisable to modify any applicable brokerage account agreements to prohibit their brokers from borrowing their units. We have adopted certain valuation methodologies in determining Unitholder’s allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction. The IRS may challenge these methods or the resulting allocations, and such a challenge could adversely affect the value of our Common Units. When we issue additional units or engage in certain other transactions, we determine the fair market value of our assets and allocate any unrealized gain or loss attributable to such assets to the capital accounts of our Unitholders and our general partner. Although we may from time to time consult with professional appraisers regarding valuation matters, including the valuation of our assets, we make many of the fair market value estimates of our assets ourselves using a methodology based on the market value of our Common Units as a means to measure the fair market value of our assets. Our methodology may be viewed as understating the value of our assets. In that case, there may be a shift of income, gain, loss and deduction between certain Unitholders and our general partner, which may be unfavorable to such Unitholders. Moreover, under our current valuation methods, subsequent purchasers of our Common Units may have a greater portion of their Internal Revenue Code Section 743(b) adjustment allocated to our tangible assets and a lesser portion allocated to our intangible assets. The IRS may challenge our valuation methods, or our allocation of Section 743(b) adjustment attributable to our tangible and intangible assets, and allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction between our general partner and certain of our Unitholders. A successful IRS challenge to these methods or allocations could adversely affect the amount of taxable income or loss being allocated to our Unitholders. It also could affect the amount of gain on the sale of Common Units by our Unitholders and could have a negative impact on the value of our Common Units or result in audit adjustments to the tax returns of our Unitholders without the benefit of additional deductions. Unitholders will likely be subject to state and local taxes and income tax return filing requirements in jurisdictions where they do not live as a result of investing in our units. In addition to United States federal income taxes, the Unitholders may be subject to other taxes, including state and local taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we or our subsidiaries conduct business or own property now or in the future, even if they do not live in any of those jurisdictions. Unitholders will likely be required to file state and local income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of these various jurisdictions. Further, Unitholders may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. It is the responsibility of each Unitholder to file all federal, state and local tax returns. Unitholders may be subject to limitation on their ability to deduct interest expense incurred by us. In general, we are entitled to a deduction for interest paid or accrued on indebtedness properly allocable to our trade or business during our taxable year. However, our deduction for “business interest” is generally limited to the sum of our business interest income and 30% of our “adjusted taxable income.” For the purposes of this limitation, adjusted taxable income is computed without regard to any business interest expense or business interest income. If our “business interest” is subject to limitation under these rules, our Unitholders will be limited in their ability to deduct their share of any interest expense that has been allocated to them. As a result, Unitholders may be subject to limitation on their ability to deduct interest expense incurred by us. The treatment of Energy Transfer Preferred Units is uncertain, and distributions on Energy Transfer Preferred Units (other than Series I Preferred Units) may not be eligible for the 20% deduction for qualified publicly traded partnership income. The tax treatment of our Preferred Units is uncertain. With respect to Preferred Units (other than Series I Preferred Units), we will treat Preferred Unitholders as partners for tax purposes and will treat distributions on such Preferred Units as guaranteed payments for the use of capital that will generally be taxable to such Preferred Unitholders as ordinary income. Holders of our 95 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Preferred Units (other than Series I Preferred Units) will recognize taxable income from the accrual of such a guaranteed payment (even in the absence of a contemporaneous cash distribution). Otherwise, except in the case of our liquidation, holders of our Preferred Units (other than Series I Preferred Units) are generally not anticipated to share in our items of income, gain, loss or deduction, nor will we allocate any share of our nonrecourse liabilities to such Preferred Unitholders. If the Energy Transfer Preferred Units (other than Series I Preferred Units) were treated as indebtedness for tax purposes, rather than as guaranteed payments for the use of capital, distributions likely would be treated as payments of interest by us to Preferred Unitholders. Although we expect that much of the income we earn will be eligible for the 20% deduction for qualified publicly traded partnership income, the Treasury Regulations provide that income attributable to a guaranteed payment for the use of capital is not eligible for the 20% deduction for qualified business income. As a result income attributable to a guaranteed payment for use of capital recognized by holders of our Preferred Units is not eligible for the 20% deduction for qualified business income. With respect to Series I Preferred Units, we will treat distributions as distributions to a partner and will treat Preferred Unitholders that hold Series I Preferred Units (the “Series I Preferred Unitholders”) as receiving an allocable share of gross income from us, to the extent we have sufficient gross income to make such allocations. In the event there is not sufficient gross income to match such distributions, the distributions on the Series I Preferred Units would reduce the capital accounts of the Series I Preferred Units, requiring a subsequent allocation of income or gain to provide the Series I Preferred Units with their liquidation preference, if possible. However, if the IRS were to determine that such distributions were guaranteed payments for the use of capital, the distributions would generally be taxable to each of the Series I Preferred Unitholders as ordinary income and the Series I Preferred Unitholders would recognize taxable income from the accrual of such guaranteed payment (even in the absence of a contemporaneous cash distribution), as described above with respect to Preferred Units (other than Series I Preferred Units). If the Series I Preferred Units are not treated as partnership interests, they would likely constitute indebtedness for tax purposes, and distributions on the Series I Preferred Units likely would be treated as payments of interest by us to such Series I Preferred Unitholders. A Preferred Unitholder will be required to recognize gain or loss on a sale of Energy Transfer Preferred Units equal to the difference between the amount realized by such Preferred Unitholder and such Preferred Unitholder’s tax basis in the Energy Transfer Preferred Units sold. The amount realized generally will equal the sum of the cash and the fair market value of other property such Preferred Unitholder receives in exchange for such Energy Transfer Preferred Units. Subject to general rules requiring a blended basis among multiple partnership interests and the rules applicable in determining the exchanged tax basis of a Series I Preferred Unit received by a Unitholder pursuant to the Crestwood acquisition, the tax basis of a Preferred Unit will generally be equal to the sum of the cash and the fair market value of other property paid by the Preferred Unitholder to acquire such Energy Transfer Preferred Units. Gain or loss recognized by a Preferred Unitholder on the sale or exchange of Energy Transfer Preferred Units held for more than one year generally will be taxable as long-term capital gain or loss. Because Preferred Unitholders will generally not be allocated a share of our items of depreciation, depletion or amortization, it is not anticipated that such Preferred Unitholders would be required to recharacterize any portion of their gain as ordinary income as a result of the recapture rules. Investment in our Preferred Units by tax-exempt investors, such as employee benefit plans and individual retirement accounts, and non-United States persons raises issues unique to them. With respect to Preferred Units (other than Series I Preferred Units), the treatment of guaranteed payments for the use of capital to tax-exempt investors is not certain and such payments may be treated as unrelated business taxable income for federal income tax purposes. With respect to Series I Preferred Units, virtually all of our gross income allocated to tax-exempt investors will be unrelated business taxable income and will be taxable to them. Distributions to non-United States Preferred Unitholders will be subject to withholding taxes. If the amount of withholding exceeds the amount of United States federal income tax actually due, non-United States Preferred Unitholders may be required to file United States federal income tax returns in order to seek a refund of such excess. All Preferred Unitholders are urged to consult a tax advisor with respect to the consequences of owning Energy Transfer Preferred Units. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECURITY Description of Processes for Assessing, Identifying and Managing Cybersecurity Risks The information and operational technology infrastructure we use is important to the operation of our business and to our ability to perform day-to-day operations. In the normal course of business, we may collect and store certain sensitive information of 96 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements the Partnership, including proprietary and confidential business information, trade secrets, intellectual property, sensitive third-party and employee information, and certain personally identifiable information. The Partnership maintains a shared services cybersecurity program for assessing, identifying and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. This program includes processes that are modeled after the National Institute of Standards and Technology’s Cybersecurity Framework and focuses on using business drivers to guide cybersecurity activities. This program is managed by our Chief Information Officer, who is supported by a team of full-time employees tasked with conducting our day-to-day information technology (“IT”) operations (collectively, the “IT team”). Furthermore, the Partnership considers cybersecurity risks as part of, and has incorporated its cybersecurity program into, the Partnership’s overall risk management processes. Through engagement with the guidance of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), Transportation Security Administration (TSA) and the U.S. Coast Guard (USCG), we seek to follow industry cybersecurity standards and protect our infrastructure against cyber attacks from domestic and international threats. We seek to use a defense-in-depth approach for cybersecurity management, layers of technology, policies and training at all levels of the enterprise designed to keep the Partnership’s assets secure and operational. We use various processes as part of our efforts to maintain the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our systems, including security threat intelligence, incident response, identity and access management, supply-chain security assessments, endpoint extended detection and response protection, network segmentation, data encryption, event monitoring and a Security Operations Center (SOC). In an effort to validate the effectiveness of our cybersecurity program and assess such program’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, we engage third-party service providers to perform audits, assessments and penetration tests. Cybersecurity awareness among our employees is promoted with regular training and awareness programs. All employees who have access to our systems are required to undergo annual cybersecurity training and, each year, our employees must review and acknowledge our cybersecurity policies. Further, our IT team is trained to understand how to manage, use and protect personally identifiable information. User access controls have been implemented to limit unauthorized access to sensitive information and critical systems. Employees are required to use multifactor authentication and keep their passwords confidential, among other measures. We recognize that third-party service providers may introduce cybersecurity risks. In an effort to mitigate these risks, before contracting with certain technology service providers, when possible, we conduct due diligence to evaluate their cybersecurity capabilities. Additionally, we endeavor to include cybersecurity requirements in our contracts with these providers and endeavor to require them to adhere to security standards and protocols. Further, we also endeavor to engage with any third-party service providers with access to personally identifiable employee information to evaluate their security controls. Finally, the Partnership maintains cybersecurity insurance coverage. Impact of Risks from Cybersecurity Threats The energy industry’s increasing dependence on information technology and operational technology to support critical functions, such as energy distribution and management activities, has heightened its vulnerability to cybersecurity incidents. Consequently, the global surge in cybersecurity incidents, whether caused by intentional attacks or accidental events, presents a significant challenge to our sector. As cybersecurity threats grow in complexity and scale, preventing, detecting, mitigating and remediating these incidents remains a continuous and increasingly demanding task for the industry. Compliance with evolving cybersecurity reporting requirements, such as those mandated by FERC, presents significant challenges. These regulations necessitate timely and detailed reporting of cyber incidents, demanding substantial resources and robust internal processes to ensure adherence. Failure to comply could result in legal penalties, increased regulatory scrutiny and reputational damage. Moreover, the dynamic nature of these requirements may lead to overlapping or inconsistent obligations, further complicating compliance efforts. Monitoring these developments and integrating them into our cybersecurity and compliance frameworks is essential to mitigate potential risks. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, though the Partnership and our service providers have experienced certain cybersecurity incidents, we are not aware of any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Partnership, either financially or operationally. Cybersecurity incident response is a component of both the Partnership’s cybersecurity program and the Partnership’s business continuity plans, which are designed to limit service interruptions and provide for continued business operation in the event of disaster, whether physical, environmental or cyber in nature. However, we recognize that cybersecurity threats are continually evolving, and there remains a risk that a cybersecurity incident could potentially negatively impact the Partnership. Despite the implementation of our cybersecurity processes, we cannot guarantee that a significant cybersecurity attack will not occur. A successful attack on our information system or operational technology system could have significant consequences to our business, including the interruption of key services that our customers depend on. While we devote resources to our security measures to protect our systems and information, 97 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements these measures cannot provide absolute security. Due to the number of acquisitions made by the Partnership over the past few years and the time it takes to implement technology standards across the enterprise, certain assets may be in different stages of integration and may have incomplete cybersecurity controls applied. For additional information on cybersecurity risks, see “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, or changes in trade agreements or trade relations; • an impairment of goodwill and intangible assets; • an interruption of supply of crude oil to our facilities; • the loss of any key producers or customers; • failure to retain or replace existing customers or volumes due to declining demand or increased competition; • unfavorable changes in natural gas price spreads between two or more physical locations; • production declines over time, which we may not be able to replace with production from newly drilled wells; • competition for water resources or limitations on water usage for hydraulic fracturing; • our customers’ ability to use our pipelines and third-party pipelines over which we have no control; • the inability to access or continue to access lands owned by third parties; • the overall forward market for crude oil and other products we store; • a natural disaster, catastrophe, terrorist attack or other similar event; • extreme weather events that may be more severe or frequent than historically experienced and that may be attributable to changes in climate due to the adverse effects of an industrialized economy; • union disputes and strikes or work stoppages by unionized employees; • cybersecurity breaches and other disruptions or failures of our information systems; • failure to establish or maintain adequate corporate governance; • product liability claims and litigation, or increased insurance costs including as a result of increased risks due to the potential adverse effects of changes in climate; • actions taken by certain of our joint ventures that we do not control; • increasing levels of congestion in the Houston Ship Channel; • the costs of providing pension and other postretirement health care benefits and related funding requirements; • mergers among customers and competitors; • fraudulent activity or misuse of proprietary data involving our outsourcing partners; and • losses resulting from the use of derivative financial instruments. Indebtedness . Our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, as well as our ability to make distributions, could be impacted by the following: • our debt level and debt agreements, or increases in interest rates; • the credit and risk profile of our general partner and its owners; and • a downgrade of our credit ratings. Capital Projects and Future Growth . Our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and future growth could be impacted by the following: • failure to make acquisitions on economically acceptable terms, or to successfully integrate acquired assets; • failure to secure debt and equity financing for capital projects on acceptable terms, including as a result of recent increases in cost of capital resulting from changes in monetary policy by the Federal Reserve and/or changes in financial institutions’ policies or practices concerning businesses linked to fossil fuels; • any increased costs or reduced demand for crude oil and natural gas as a result of policy changes or otherwise; • failure to construct new pipelines or to do so efficiently; • failure to execute our growth strategy due to increased competition within any of our core businesses; and • failure to attract and retain qualified employees. Regulatory Matters . Our business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, and future growth could be impacted by the following: • increased regulation of hydraulic fracturing or produced water disposal; • legal or regulatory actions related to the Dakota Access Pipeline; 47 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements • laws, regulations and policies governing the rates, terms and conditions of our services; • failure to recover the full amount of increases in the costs of our pipeline or refinery operations; • imposition of regulation on assets not previously subject to regulation; • costs and liabilities resulting from performance of pipeline integrity programs and related repairs; • new or more stringent pipeline safety controls or enforcement of legal requirements; • costs and liabilities associated with environmental and worker health and safety laws and regulations; • climate change legislation or regulations restricting emissions of GHGs, limiting oil and gas leases on federal lands, discouraging oil and gas development or otherwise increasing our or our customers’ costs; • increased attention to environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) matters and conservation measures; • regulatory provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the rules adopted thereunder; • deepwater drilling laws and regulations, delays in the processing and approval of drilling permits and exploration, development, oil spill-response and decommissioning plans, and related developments; and • laws and regulations governing the specifications of products that we store and transport. Risks Relating to Our Partnership Structure Cash Distributions to Unitholders . Our cash distributions could be impacted by the following: • our general partner’s absolute discretion in issuing an unlimited number of limited partner interests or other classes of equity without the consent of our Unitholders; • cash distributions are not guaranteed and may fluctuate with our performance and other external factors; • limitations on available cash that are imposed by our distribution policy; • our general partner’s absolute discretion in determining the level of cash reserves; and • unitholders’ potential liability to repay distributions. Our General Partner . Our stakeholders could be impacted by risks related to our general partner, including: • transfer of control of our general partner to a third-party without unitholder consent; • the rights of the majority owner of our general partner that protect him against dilution; and • substantial cost reimbursements due to our general partner. Our Subsidiaries . Risks that are unique to our subsidiaries and/or our relationship to our subsidiaries could reduce our subsidiaries’ cash available for distributions to us, including: • the potential issuance of additional common units by Sunoco LP or USAC; • a significant decrease in demand for or the price of motor fuel in the areas Sunoco LP serves; • the failure of Sunoco LP to integrate the acquired assets and businesses of Parkland, which significantly increased Sunoco LP’s size and diversified the business lines and the geographic areas in which it operates; • the exposure of Sunoco LP to different legal and regulatory requirements due to it operating outside of the United States; • disruptions in Sunoco LP’s operations due to dangers inherent in motor fuel transportation; • seasonal industry trends, which may cause Sunoco LP’s operating costs to fluctuate; • increased costs to retain necessary land use, which could disrupt Sunoco LP’s operations; and • federal, state and local laws and regulations that govern the industries in which our subsidiaries operate. Risks Related to Conflicts of Interest . Our stakeholders could be impacted by conflicts of interest, including: • our general partner may favor its own interests to the detriment of our Unitholders; • fiduciary duties owed to SunocoCorp, Sunoco LP, USAC and their respective unitholders by their managing member or general partners, as applicable; and • potential conflicts of interest faced by directors and officers in managing our business. Tax Risks . Our stakeholders could be impacted by tax risks, including: • our tax treatment depends on our status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes, and not being subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation; • our cash available for distribution to Unitholders may be substantially reduced if we become subject to entity-level taxation as a result of the IRS treating us as a corporation or legislative, judicial or administrative changes, and may also be reduced by any audit adjustments if imposed directly on the partnership; • even if Unitholders do not receive any cash distributions from us, Unitholders will be required to pay taxes on their share of our taxable income; • a Unitholder’s share of our taxable income may be increased as a result of the IRS successfully contesting any of the federal income tax positions we take; • tax-exempt entities and non-U.S. Unitholders face unique tax issues from owning our units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them; and • the treatment of Energy Transfer Preferred Units is uncertain and distributions on Energy Transfer Preferred Units (other than Series I Preferred Units) may not be eligible for the 20% deduction for qualified publicly traded partnership income. 48 Table of Contents Index to Financial Statements Risk Factor Discussion The following discussion provides additional information regarding each of our

