TICKER: ETHM
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could
adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. Any of the abovementioned
factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian
invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of conflict in the Middle East and Southwest Asia and subsequent sanctions or related actions, may
lead to increased volume and price volatility for publicly traded securities or could adversely affect our search for an initial business
combination by adversely affecting the operations or financial condition of potential target companies, any of which could make it more
difficult for us to identify a business combination target and consummate an initial business combination on acceptable commercial terms,
or at all. 22 The extent and duration of
the ongoing conflicts, resulting sanctions and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly
if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations
on a global scale. Any such disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. If
these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate an initial business
combination may be materially adversely affected. Adverse global conditions,
including economic uncertainty, may negatively impact our search for an initial business combination, and any target business with which
we may ultimately consummate an initial business combination. Global conditions, dislocations
in the financial markets, any negative financial impacts affecting United States corporations as a result of tax reform or changes to
existing trade agreements or tax conventions, or inflation, could adversely impact our ability to consummate a business combination. The
global macroeconomic environment could be negatively affected by, among other things, increased U.S. trade tariffs and trade disputes
with other countries, instability in the global credit markets, supply chain weaknesses, and instability in global economic markets. President Trump has announced
plans to impose broad-based tariffs on imports from many countries, including Mexico, Canada, countries of the European Union, China and
Japan. Furthermore, President Trump’s other intended reforms, including reducing the corporate tax rate, repealing green energy
tax credits, and extending certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, could contribute to increases in market interest rates
and a decrease in U.S. economic growth. It is impossible to predict with any precision the effects that new policies and reforms would
have on the United States and global economy, although we expect the impact could be significant. If we are unable to consummate our initial
business combination within the completion window, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond 24 months before redemption
from our trust account. If we are unable to consummate
our initial business combination within the completion window, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses) and not previously released to us pursuant to permitted withdrawals, will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares,
as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate
the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding
up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced
to wait beyond the end of the completion window before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they
receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors
prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in
cases where investors have sought to redeem their public shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders
be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we
will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 23 Our shareholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter
into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that
immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves
and our Company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot
assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully
authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of $18,293 and to imprisonment for five years
in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual general meeting
until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our public shareholders to discuss
company affairs with management, and the holders of our Class A ordinary shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment
or removal of directors or continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands until after the consummation of our initial
business combination. In accordance with Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end
following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings
to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss Company
affairs with management. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right
to vote on the appointment or removal of directors or continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands until after
the consummation of our initial business combination. The warrants may become exercisable and
redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security
at this time. In certain situations, including
if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than
the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement,
you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving
company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within
20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. In the event that the proposed Business
Combination with Ether Machine is not consummated, we will not be limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector,
and you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations. In the event that the proposed
Business Combination with Ether Machine is not consummated, our efforts to identify a prospective initial business combination target
will not be not limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region. While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity
in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business or businesses
that can benefit from our management team’s established global relationships and operating experience. Our management team has extensive
experience in identifying and executing strategic investments globally and has done so successfully in a number of sectors. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association prohibits us from effectuating a business combination solely with another blank check
company or similar company with nominal operations. In the event that the proposed
Business Combination with Ether Machine is not consummated, there may be no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular
target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete
our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For
example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be
affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. In recent years,
a number of target businesses have underperformed financially post-business combination. There are no assurances that the target business
with which we consummate our initial business combination will perform as anticipated. Although our officers and directors will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of
the significant

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, service providers,
prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute
such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including,
but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the
enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds
held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with
such third party if management believes that such third party’s engagement would be in the best interests of the Company under the
circumstances. WithumSmith+Brown, PC, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of our initial public offering
will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Examples of possible instances
where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular
expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute
a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee
that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts
or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we
are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in
connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived
that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by
public shareholders could be less than the $10.025 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors.
Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products
sold to us (except for the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which
we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce
the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) $10.025 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per
public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than $10.025 per public share due
to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third
party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not
such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of our initial public offering against
certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification
obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe
that our sponsor’s only assets are securities of our Company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to
satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our
initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than $10.025 per public share. In such event, we may not be able
to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of
your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims
by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce
the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution
to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds
in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) $10.025 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share
held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than $10.025 per public share due to reductions
in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy his obligations
or that he has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take
legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors
would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent
directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance
if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable
or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these
indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced
below $10.025 per public share. 18 We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy
indemnification claims of our directors and officers. We have agreed to indemnify
our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except
through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right,
title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any
reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly,
any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account
or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders
from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect
of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might
otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder’s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay
the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. If, after we distribute the proceeds in
the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, a liquidator or a bankruptcy, insolvency or other court may seek to recover such proceeds,
and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors, thereby exposing
the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the
proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or
winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable
debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy/insolvency laws as either a “preferential transfer” or a “fraudulent conveyance, preference
or disposition.” As a result, a liquidator or a bankruptcy, insolvency or other court could seek to recover some or all amounts
received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to us or our creditors
and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the
trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in
the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition
is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders
and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the
proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or
winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy
or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority
over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount
that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure
to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial
business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and
regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal
requirements and numerous complex tax laws. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time
consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those
changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply
with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability
to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 19 On January 24, 2024,
the SEC adopted a series of new rules relating to SPACs (the “SPAC Rules”) requiring, among other items, (i) additional
disclosures relating to SPAC business combination transactions; (ii) additional disclosures relating to dilution and to conflicts
of interest involving sponsors and their affiliates in both SPAC initial public offerings and de-SPAC transactions; (iii) the use
of projections by SPACs in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; and (iv) both the SPAC and
the target company’s status as co-registrants on de-SPAC registration statements. In addition, the SEC’s
adopting release provided guidance describing circumstances in which a SPAC could become subject to regulation under the Investment Company
Act, including its duration, asset composition, business purpose, and the activities of the SPAC and its management team in furtherance
of such goals. Compliance with the SPAC Rules
and related guidance may increase the costs of and the time needed to negotiate and complete an initial business combination and may constrain
the circumstances under which we could complete an initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company
under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted,
which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. As described in the risk factor
above entitled “Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business,
including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations,” the SEC’s adopting
release with respect to the SPAC Rules provided guidance describing the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under
the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. Whether a SPAC is an investment company will be a question of facts and circumstances.
If our facts and circumstances change over time, we will update our disclosure to reflect how those changes impact the risk that we may
be considered to be operating as an unregistered investment company. We can give no assurance that a claim will not be made that we have
been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we are deemed to be an
investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may have to change our operations, wind down our operations, or register as an
investment company under the Investment Company Act. Our activities may be restricted, including: ● restrictions on the nature of our investments; and ● restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which
may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed
upon us burdensome requirements, including: ● registration as an investment company; ● adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and ● reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements
and other rules and regulations. In order not to be regulated
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged
primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting,
owning, holding or trading “investment securities” constituting more than 40% of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government
securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We are mindful of the SEC’s investment company definition and guidance and
intend to identify and complete an initial business combination with an operating business, and not with an investment company, or to
acquire investment securities in other businesses exceeding the permitted threshold. 20 We do not believe that our
activities subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account were initially invested only
in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations; the holding
of these assets in this form is intended to be temporary and for the sole purpose of facilitating the intended business combination. To
mitigate the risk that we might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, which risk increases
the longer that we hold investments in the trust account, we may, at any time instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in
the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in cash or in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank. Pursuant to the trust agreement,
the trustee is not permitted to invest in securities or assets other than as described above. By restricting the investment of the proceeds
to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying
and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an “investment
company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended solely as a temporary depository for funds
pending the earliest to occur of: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public
shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) in a manner that would affect the substance or timing of our obligation to redeem 100% of our public shares if we do not complete
our initial business combination within the completion window; or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights
of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent an initial business
combination within the completion window, from the closing of our initial public offering, our return of the funds held in the trust account
to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. We are aware of litigation
claiming that certain SPACs should be considered to be investment companies. Although we believe that these claims were without merit,
we cannot guarantee that we will not be deemed to be an investment company and thus subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were
deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses
for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete an initial business combination or may result in our winding
down our operations and our liquidation. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders may receive
only approximately $10.025 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless, and our public shareholders
would also lose the possibility of an investment opportunity in a target company as well as any potential price appreciation in the combined
company following a business combination. To mitigate the risk that we might be deemed
to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time (based on our management team’s ongoing
assessment of all factors related to our potential status under the Investment Company Act), instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments
held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank until
the earlier of the consummation of an initial business combination or our liquidation. As a result, following the liquidation of investments
in the trust account, we will likely receive less interest on the funds held in the trust account than we would have had the trust account
remained as initially invested, such that our public shareholders would receive less upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company
than what they would have received had the investments not been liquidated. The funds held in the trust
account were initially held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less, in money market
funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment
Company Act and in cash or cash like items (including demand deposit accounts) at a bank. However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed
to be an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company
Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we may, at any time (based on our management team’s ongoing
assessment of all factors related to our potential status under the Investment Company Act), instruct Odyssey Transfer and Trust
Company, the trustee with respect to the trust account, to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations or money market funds
held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account in an interest bearing demand deposit account at a bank
until the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination or our liquidation. Following such liquidation, we will likely
receive less interest on the funds held in the trust account than we would earn if the trust account remained invested in U.S. government
treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in U.S. government treasury
obligations and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. However, interest previously earned
on the funds held in the trust account still may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain other expenses as permitted.
As a result, any decision to liquidate the investments held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account
in an interest-bearing demand deposit at a bank could reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would receive upon any redemption
or liquidation of the Company as compared to what they would have received had the investments not been so liquidated. 21 In addition, we may
still be deemed to be an investment company. The longer that the funds in the trust account are held in short-term
U.S. government treasury obligations or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, the greater the risk
that we may be deemed to be an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate. If our facts and
circumstances change over time, we will update our disclosure to reflect how those changes impact the risk that we may be considered
to be operating as an unregistered investment company. As disclosed above, we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate between
the securities held in the trust account at any time and instead hold all funds in the trust account in an interest bearing demand
deposit account or as cash or cash items at a bank, which could further reduce the dollar amount our public shareholders would
receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the Company as compared to what they would have received had the investments not been
so liquidated. Were we to liquidate the Company, our warrants would expire worthless, and our securityholders would lose the
investment opportunity associated with an investment in the target company with which we could have consummated an initial business
combination. In addition, upon moving the funds from the trust account to a deposit account, we will maintain the cash items in bank
accounts which, at times, may exceed federally insured limits as guaranteed by the FDIC. While we intend to place our deposits
in high-quality banks, only a small portion of the funds in our trust account will be guaranteed by the FDIC. Our search for a business combination, and
any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the status of
debt and equity markets. Our ability to consummate
a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by certain events, including as
a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to
us or at all. Our search for an initial business combination,
and any target business with which we may ultimately consummate an initial business combination, may be materially adversely affected
by current global geopolitical conditions resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the recent escalation of conflict in
the Middle East and Southwest Asia and the potential for an extended regional war in the Middle East. United States and
global markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing
Russia-Ukraine conflict and the recent escalation of conflict in the Middle East and Southwest Asia. In response to the ongoing
Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (“NATO”) deployed additional military forces to eastern
Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and
restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals and entities, including the removal of certain financial
institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT) payment system. Certain countries,
including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance to Ukraine and to
Israel, or have undertaken or will undertake military strikes in Southwest Asia, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of
nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation of conflict in the Middle East, including the recent conflict between
Iran and Israel and the United States’ military actions against Iran, and Southwest Asia and the resulting measures that have been
taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its
neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that could result in an extended regional war or have a
lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable,
they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as
supply chain interruptions and increased cyber-attacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could
adversely affect the global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. Any of the abovementioned
factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian
invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of conflict in the Middle East and Southwest Asia and subsequent sanctions or related actions, may
lead to increased volume and price volatility for publicly traded securities or could adversely affect our search for an initial business
combination by adversely affecting the operations or financial condition of potential target companies, any of which could make it more
difficult for us to identify a business combination target and consummate an initial business combination on acceptable commercial terms,
or at all. 22 The extent and duration of
the ongoing conflicts, resulting sanctions and any related market disruptions are impossible to predict, but could be substantial, particularly
if current or new sanctions continue for an extended period of time or if geopolitical tensions result in expanded military operations
on a global scale. Any such disruptions may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this section. If
these disruptions or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate an initial business
combination may be materially adversely affected. Adverse global conditions,
including economic uncertainty, may negatively impact our search for an initial business combination, and any target business with which
we may ultimately consummate an initial business combination. Global conditions, dislocations
in the financial markets, any negative financial impacts affecting United States corporations as a result of tax reform or changes to
existing trade agreements or tax conventions, or inflation, could adversely impact our ability to consummate a business combination. The
global macroeconomic environment could be negatively affected by, among other things, increased U.S. trade tariffs and trade disputes
with other countries, instability in the global credit markets, supply chain weaknesses, and instability in global economic markets. President Trump has announced
plans to impose broad-based tariffs on imports from many countries, including Mexico, Canada, countries of the European Union, China and
Japan. Furthermore, President Trump’s other intended reforms, including reducing the corporate tax rate, repealing green energy
tax credits, and extending certain provisions of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, could contribute to increases in market interest rates
and a decrease in U.S. economic growth. It is impossible to predict with any precision the effects that new policies and reforms would
have on the United States and global economy, although we expect the impact could be significant. If we are unable to consummate our initial
business combination within the completion window, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond 24 months before redemption
from our trust account. If we are unable to consummate
our initial business combination within the completion window, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned
on the funds held in the trust account (which interest shall be net of taxes payable and up to $100,000 of interest to pay dissolution
expenses) and not previously released to us pursuant to permitted withdrawals, will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares,
as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate
the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding
up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced
to wait beyond the end of the completion window before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they
receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors
prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial business combination prior thereto and only then in
cases where investors have sought to redeem their public shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders
be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles
of association will provide that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we
will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more
than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 23 Our shareholders may be held liable for
claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter
into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that
immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course
of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors
may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves
and our Company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot
assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully
authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall
due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine of $18,293 and to imprisonment for five years
in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual general meeting
until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay the opportunity for our public shareholders to discuss
company affairs with management, and the holders of our Class A ordinary shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment
or removal of directors or continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands until after the consummation of our initial
business combination. In accordance with Nasdaq
corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end
following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings
to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss Company
affairs with management. In addition, as holders of our Class A ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right
to vote on the appointment or removal of directors or continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands until after
the consummation of our initial business combination. The warrants may become exercisable and
redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security
at this time. In certain situations, including
if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than
the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement,
you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving
company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within
20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. In the event that the proposed Business
Combination with Ether Machine is not consummated, we will not be limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector,
and you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business’s operations. In the event that the proposed
Business Combination with Ether Machine is not consummated, our efforts to identify a prospective initial business combination target
will not be not limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region. While we may pursue an initial business combination opportunity
in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business or businesses
that can benefit from our management team’s established global relationships and operating experience. Our management team has extensive
experience in identifying and executing strategic investments globally and has done so successfully in a number of sectors. Our amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association prohibits us from effectuating a business combination solely with another blank check
company or similar company with nominal operations. In the event that the proposed
Business Combination with Ether Machine is not consummated, there may be no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular
target business’s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete
our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For
example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be
affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. In recent years,
a number of target businesses have underperformed financially post-business combination. There are no assurances that the target business
with which we consummate our initial business combination will perform as anticipated. Although our officers and directors will endeavor
to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of
the significant

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a business combination since
the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant
to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure
may cause our units to be worth less than if it included a whole warrant to purchase one share. Unless we complete our business combination,
holders of the public warrants will not be able to exercise the warrant put right, and we may not have sufficient funds to repurchase
public warrants pursuant to the holders’ exercise of the warrant put rights. In connection with the completion
of our business combination, each holder of public warrants will have the right to require our sponsor to repurchase or cause one of its
affiliates to repurchase, at $0.65 per public warrant (exclusive of commissions), our outstanding public warrants held by such holder.
If we are unable to complete our business combination, there will be no requirement for our sponsor to repurchase, or to cause one of
its affiliates to repurchase, our public warrants held by such holder. There can be no assurances that we will complete our business combination
or that if we do complete our business combination, our sponsor or we will have sufficient funds to repurchase public warrants pursuant
to the holders’ exercise of the warrant put rights. Holders of Class A ordinary shares
will not be entitled to vote on continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside of the Cayman Islands. As holders of our Class A
ordinary shares, our public shareholders will not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and continuing our Company in
a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend our constitutional documents or to adopt
new constitutional documents, in each case, as a result of our approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the
Cayman Islands). In addition, prior to our initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member
of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you will not have any say in the management of our Company prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination. You will not be permitted to exercise your
warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available. If the issuance of the Class A
ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities
Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have
no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full
unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. Because the warrants will
be exercisable until their expiration date of up to five years after the completion of our initial business combination, in order
to comply with the requirements of Section 10(a)(3) of the Securities Act following the consummation of our initial business
combination, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business
days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective
amendment to the registration statement relating to our initial public offering, or a new registration statement covering the registration
under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use
our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business
combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until
the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration
statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC
issues a stop order. 50 If the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders
of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless
basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In no event will warrants
be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their
warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the
exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. If our Class A ordinary
shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition
of “covered securities” under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders
of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance
with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect
a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the
event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky
laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required
to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in
exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities
Act or applicable state securities laws. You may only be able to exercise your public
warrants on a “cashless basis” under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer Class A ordinary
shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. The warrant agreement provides
that in the following circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do for cash and will,
instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the
Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the
terms of the warrant agreement; (ii) if we have so elected and the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of
a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of “covered securities” under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the public warrants for redemption. If you exercise your public
warrants on a cashless basis, you would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary
shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants,
multiplied by the excess of the “fair market value” of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined in the next sentence)
over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The “fair market value” is the average reported
closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date
on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants,
as applicable. As a result, you would receive fewer Class A ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such
warrants for cash. 51 The grant of registration rights to our
sponsor, the underwriters and other holders of our private placement warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial business
combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to our registration
rights agreement entered into in connection with our initial public offering, our sponsor, the underwriters, and their permitted transferees
can demand that we register the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, holders of our private placement
warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants or holders of securities that may be issued upon conversion of working capital
loans and their permitted transferees may demand that we register such units, shares, warrants or the Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon exercise of such warrants and any other securities of the Company acquired by them prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of
securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition,
the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because
the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration
to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned
by our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted
transferees are registered. General

