TICKER: EU
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains and procurement strategies reliant on nuclear fuel supplies coming out of, or through, Russia. Sanctions, restrictions, and an inability to obtain insurance on cargo have contributed to transportation and other supply chain disruptions between producers and suppliers. As a result of this and coupled with multiple years of declining uranium production globally, uranium market fundamentals are shifting from an inventory driven market to one more driven by production. The Prohibiting Russian Uranium Imports Act (H.R. 1042) which was signed into law in May 2024, prohibits the importation of unirradiated, low-enriched uranium produced in the Russian Federation or by a Russian entity, with temporary waivers until January 1, 2028, in certain circumstances, after which the ban will be in effect until December 31, 2040. While we have limited direct business exposure in areas with current conflict, such as Ukraine or Iran, military actions globally and any resulting sanctions or tariffs could adversely affect the global economy, as well as further disrupt the supply chain. A major disruption in the global economy and supply chain could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. The extent and duration of military action, sanctions, tariffs, and resulting market and/or supply disruptions are impossible to predict but could be substantial, and our management continues to monitor these events closely. Employees and Human Capital As of December 31, 2025, 168 people were employed on a full-time basis and approximately 83 individuals provided services on a contractual basis, principally through our drilling rig contractors, all of whom were located in the U.S. Our Company is committed to attracting and retaining talented and experienced individuals to manage and support our operations. We engage in a variety of learning and development opportunities with our employees, including ongoing training, continuing education courses, workshops and seminars and membership in professional organizations relating to employees’ areas of expertise. We strive to fill employment openings through internal promotions or transfers of qualified employees, as appropriate. Available Information The Company’s website address is www.encoreuranium.com and the Company’s filings with the SEC, including our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to such reports, are available free of charge on our website as soon as reasonably practicable after such materials are filed or furnished electronically with the SEC. Additional information about the Company can be found on our website, however, such information is neither incorporated by reference nor included as part of this or any other report or information filed with or furnished to the SEC. From time to time we may use our website as a distribution channel for material company information. The SEC maintains an internet site ( www.sec.gov ) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. Canadian securities authorities also maintain an internet site ( www.sedarplus.ca ) that contains reports, circulars, annual information statements and other information regarding the Company. 5 Table of Contents Our Mineral Properties enCore controls key mineral properties within the United States, in Texas, South Dakota, Wyoming and New Mexico.  As of December 31, 2025, enCore owns three of the current 10 licensed and constructed ISR CPPs in the United States, with all existing facilities located in the business-friendly, energy-centric state of Texas. Our plants’ operations are designed and permitted to process uranium from a mix of satellite plants and primary sources within south Texas. During the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company extracted approximately 700,000 and 300,000, respectively, of U 3 O 8 from its Alta Mesa Uranium Project and its South Texas Integrated ISR Project. See the Summary of Properties below for additional information. Property Location Map Summary of Properties South Texas Integrated ISR Project (Rosita CPP) The South Texas Integrated ISR Project is an Exploration Stage Property, as defined by S-K 1300, which consists of five project areas: the Rosita Central Processing Plant (“Rosita CPP”), Butler Ranch Uranium ISR Project (“Butler Ranch”), Upper Spring Creek - Brevard Area ISR Uranium Project (“USC – Brevard or Brevard”), Upper Spring Creek - Brown Area ISR Uranium Project (“USC – Brown or Brown”), and Rosita South Cadena ISR Project (“RS – Cadena or Cadena”). For a more detailed discussion of the South Texas Integrated ISR Project see the section titled “Material Properties,”  below for this project. Alta Mesa Uranium Project, Texas The Alta Mesa Uranium Project (“Alta Mesa”) is an Exploration Stage Property, as defined by S-K 1300, and is a fully licensed and constructed ISR project and central processing facility, located on over 4,597 acres of private land in the state of Texas. For a more detailed discussion of the Alta Mesa Uranium Project see the section titled “Material Properties,”  below for this project. Mesteña Grande Uranium Project, Texas The Mesteña Grande Uranium Project (“Mesteña Grande”) is an Exploration Stage Property located in Brooks and Jim Hogg Counties, Texas and is on land located adjacent to, and to the south, north, and west of the Alta Mesa Uranium Project. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Mesteña Grande project. The property covers an approximate area of 35 6 Table of Contents miles in a north-south direction by 30 miles in an east-west direction. For a more detailed discussion of the Mesteña Grande Uranium Project see the section titled “Material Properties,” below for this project. Dewey Burdock Project, South Dakota The Dewey Burdock Project is an Exploration Stage Property located in southwest South Dakota and is part of the northwestern extension of the Edgemont Uranium Mining District. The Company owns 100% interest in the Dewey Burdock Project. The project includes federal claims, private mineral rights and private surface rights controlling the entire area within the licensed project permit boundary as well as surrounding areas. The Company currently controls approximately 16,962 acres of net mineral rights and 12,613 acres of surface rights.  For a more detailed discussion of the Dewey Burdock Project see the section titled “Material Properties,” below for this project. Gas Hills Project, Wyoming The Gas Hills Project is an Exploration Stage Property located in Wyoming. The Company owns a 100% interest in the Gas Hills Exploration Project located in the historic Gas Hills Uranium District 45 miles east of Riverton, Wyoming. The Gas Hills Project consists of approximately 1,280 surface acres and 12,960 net mineral acres of unpatented lode claims, a State of Wyoming mineral lease, and private mineral leases, within a brownfield site which has experienced extensive development including extraction and mill site production. For a more detailed discussion of the Gas Hills Project see the section titled “Material Properties,” below for this project. Summary of Mineral Resources The following table shows the Company’s estimate of Mineral Resources as defined in S-K 1300 through December 31, 2025. Project Measured Mineral Resources Indicated Mineral Resources Measured + Indicated Inferred Mineral Resources Tons (000s) Grade (% eU3O8) Pounds (000s eU3O8) Tons (000s) Grade (% eU3O8) Pounds (000s eU3O8) Tons (000s) Grade (% eU3O8) Pounds (000s eU3O8) Tons (000s) Grade (% eU3O8) Pounds (000s eU3O8) ISR Properties Region: Texas South Texas Integrated ISR Uranium Project (Project Totals) n/a n/a 2,754 n/a n/a 773 n/a n/a 3,527 n/a n/a 308 Alta Mesa Project 263.7 0.1 691.4 630.0 0.2 1,894.5 630.0 0.1 2,585.9 2,223.4 0.1 5,200.5 Mesteña Grande Project - - - - - - - - - 5,853 0.119 13,888 Region: South Dakota Dewey Burdock Project 5,419.8 0.132 14,286.0 1,968.4 0.07 2,836.2 7,388.2 0.12 17,122.1 645.5 0.06 712.6 Region: Wyoming Gas Hill Project 994.0 0.10 2,051.0 2,835.0 0.10 5,654.0 3,829.0 0.10 7,705.0 409.0 0.05 428.0 Total Mineral Resources 6,677.5 0.33 19,782.4 5,433.4 0.37 11,157.7 11,847.2 0.32 30,940.0 9,130.9 0.33 20,537.10 Notes: 1. The Mineral Resource estimates in this table comply with the requirements of S-K 1300. 2. Mineral Resources were estimated using the following prices: (a) the South Texas Integrated ISR Project used a variable U 3 O 8 sales price ranging from $78.37/lbs up to $92.04/lbs with an overall average U 3 O 8 sales price of $87.05/lb (b) Alta Mesa Project used U 3 O 8 sales price that ranges from $82.00 to $89.00, with an average life of mine sales price of $83.43, (c) the Dewey Burdock Project used U 3 O 8 sales price ranging from $82.00 to $89.00, with an average sales price of $86.34 .and (d) Gas Hills Project used a U 3 O 8 sales price of $87.00/lb. 3. Mineral Resources were estimated using various %eU 3 O 8 or G.T. cut-off grades.  The following are the averages for Measured and Indicated Resources: (a) the South Texas Integrated ISR Project used 0.2 to 0.3 GT cutoff with avg  GT values ranging between 0.40 and 2.15, (b) the Alta Mesa Project used 0.145 %U 3 O 8 , (c) the Mesteña Grande Project had no Measured or Indicated resources , (d) the Dewey Burdock Project used 0.12 % U 3 O 8 (0.66 avg. GT) and (e) the Gas Hills Project used 0.10 % U 3 O 8 (0.502 avg. GT). 4. The South Texas Integrated ISR Project includes Mineral Resources from the Upper Spring Creek Brevard, Upper Spring Creek – Brown and Rosita South – Cadena project areas. Mining Properties and Technical Information Management has evaluated whether any material changes have occurred since the filing of the last S-K 1300 technical report summaries filed for each of the material properties.  Based on this evaluation, management has determined there have been no material changes to the scientific and technical information, including mineral resource and mineral reserve estimates, key assumptions, mining methods, processing parameters, capital or operating cost estimates, or material risks associated with our mineral properties. As a result, an updated S-K 1300 technical report summary has not been prepared 7 Table of Contents for each of the material properties, and the previously filed technical report summaries are incorporated herein by reference. Material Properties South Texas Integrated ISR Project (Rosita CPP) The South Texas Integrated ISR Project and associated well fields (collectively, the “STX Integrated Project”) are comprised of the Rosita CPP located in Duval County on a 200-acre tract owned by the Company, and multiple associated Satellite IX facilities at various project sites across south Texas. The STX Integrated Project is located within the South Texas uranium province, about 22 miles west of the town of Alice. The Rosita CPP was constructed in 1990 and was originally designed and constructed to operate as an up-flow extraction facility. The Rosita property holdings consist of mineral leases from private landowners covering approximately 3,475 gross and net acres of mineral rights. The STX Integrated Project, including the Rosita CPP, was the starting point for the Company’s Texas production strategy. The Company commenced uranium extraction operations in 2023, at Rosita from the Rosita Extension wellfield (“Rosita Extension”), PAA-5. The Rosita CPP has an 800,000-pound U 3 O 8 per year production capacity and produced 5,728 pounds of U 3 O 8 for the year ended December 31, 2025 and 73,488 pounds U 3 O 8 in the year ended December 31, 2024, which was extracted and packaged.  Cumulative dried pounds from PAA5 totaled 76,909 through December 31, 2025. The following technical and scientific description of the STX Integrated Project is based in part on the South Texas Technical Report Summary. The report is filed Exhibit 96.1 to this Annual Report as of December 31, 2025. The South Texas Technical Report Summary was prepared in accordance with S-K 1300. The STX Integrated does not have “Mineral Reserves” and is therefore considered under SEC S-K 1300 definitions to be an Exploration Stage Property. 8 Table of Contents Property and Operational Overview Property Location The Rosita CPP is located in Duval County, Texas, approximately 13.7 miles east of Freer and approximately 60 miles west of Corpus Christi at latitude 27.830423 and longitude -98.403543.  This facility represents the central location of the STX Integrated Project and includes the CPP where resin from each satellite facility is processed. The Rosita CPP is supplied with uranium-loaded ion exchange resin from ISR mining at one or more of the project areas. Uranium Resources, Inc. initiated extraction at the Rosita CPP in 1990 and extracted 2.65 million pounds of U 3 O 8 from 1990 to 1999. The Company restarted the Rosita CPP facility in 2023. This plant was originally constructed as an IX facility in 1990, and its conversion to a CPP was completed in 2023. At the Rosita CPP, resin is processed, and uranium is recovered, precipitated as a slurry, and is then dried and packaged. The Butler Ranch project consists of approximately 743 acres located in a rural area of Karnes County, Texas, approximately 44 miles south of San Antonio at latitude 28.887336 and longitude -98.059851. Butler Ranch is comprised of four different non-connected property leases over approximately 10 square miles in the western part of the county. Upper Spring Creek - Brevard is located 6 miles northeast of the Ray Point Mining District in the Gulf Coast Uranium Province and South Texas Uranium Province or “GCUP”/“STUP” and is situated in Bee and Live Oak counties in Texas approximately halfway between San Antonio and Corpus Christi at latitude 28.567478 and longitude -98.024910. Three properties form the Brevard project area (Benham, Brevard, and Johnston) and total approximately 1,110 acres. Upper Spring Creek – Brown Area project is located approximately 6 miles south-southwest of George West, Texas at the intersection of FM 889 and County Road 135 in Live Oak County at latitude 28.287159 and longitude -98.211350. The project includes two properties totaling approximately 87.88 acres. The properties (P1 and P2) are located east of FM 889 and northeast County Road 135. Brown includes three properties totaling approximately 247 acres. URI, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, owns both surface and mineral rights of P1 and owns surface and leases mineral rights for P2 at this project location.   In 2025, a portion of the adjacent Houdman property was acquired which will be added to the project once permitting and drilling is completed in the area. Rosita South-Caden a is located in Duval County, Texas, approximately 11.5 miles east of Freer and approximately 64 miles west of Corpus Christi at latitude 27.807052 and longitude -98.453480. 9 Table of Contents Ownership The STX Integrated Project is owned and operated by the Company. The Company has executed surface use and access agreements and fee mineral leases with surface and mineral owners at the STX Integrated Project. The net mineral ownership, royalty burden, and estimated annual costs are provided below for each of the projects: Project Gross Holdings Surface and/or Mineral (acres) Net Mineral (acres) Mineral Royalty Range Estimated Annual Holding Costs Rosita 1,772 1,118 6.25% to 11.25% sliding scale based on Sales Price $72,277 Butler Ranch 675 509 6% to 12% sliding scale based on Sales Price $9,344 Upper Spring Creek – Brevard 280 280 6% to 12% sliding scale based on Sales Price $14,000 Upper Spring Creek Brown Area 728 449 5% to 12% sliding scale based on Sales Price $7,275 Rosita South - Cadena 3,619 2,439 5% to 12% sliding scaled based on Sales Price $49,572 Infrastructure Equipment, supplies and personnel needed for exploration and day-to-day operation are available from population centers such as San Antonio, and Corpus Christi. Specialized equipment for the wellfields is often available in Texas but may need to be acquired from outside of the state. The local economy for all project areas is geared toward oil and gas exploration, energy production, and ranching operations, providing a well-trained and capable pool of workers for ISR production and processing operations. Workers reside locally and commute to work daily. As a result of energy development since the early 1900s, all the project areas have existing or nearby electrical power, gas and adequate telephone and internet connectivity. Generally, the local and regional infrastructure is in place for all project areas including roads, power and maintenance facilities. Locally, exceptions include local access roads, wellfield development, local power and well control facilities that must be constructed. Rosita CPP - Projects The Company currently owns and operates the Rosita CPP within the Rosita Project radioactive materials license and injection permit boundaries. Site infrastructure includes the Rosita CPP and associated infrastructure, refurbishment of which was completed in 2023, electric transmission lines, water supply, ponds, and several paved and well-graded county roads that traverse the area providing access to the property. The remaining unused lands are primarily undeveloped farmland. Butler Ranch The Company leases the surface and mineral rights at Butler Ranch and has access to the land for exploration and development. Site infrastructure consists of residential buildings, undeveloped farmland, and retention ponds. Several paved and well-graded county roads traverse the area providing access to each property. Several electric transmission lines run adjacent to these roads and by the individual properties. Non-potable water will be supplied by water wells at or near the site. There is an existing water supply well at the site, but additional wells may need to be developed. Water extracted as part of ISR operations will be recycled for re-injection. Upper Spring Creek - Brevard The Company has or will obtain legal access to the land surface through confidential agreements.  Site infrastructure consists of land to support cattle ranching and agriculture.  Several paved county roads provide access to Brevard. An overhead electric transmission line and underground phone line run parallel to CR 140. Non-potable water will be supplied by wells at or near the site. There are two existing wells at Brevard, but additional wells may need to be developed.  El Oso 10 Table of Contents Water Supply Corporation, a public water system, also serves the area. Water extracted as part of ISR operations will be recycled for re-injection. Upper Spring Creek – Brown The Company owns both surface and mineral rights at the Brown and Geffert properties. The Company leases minerals located beneath the Geibel property and has access to the land for exploration and development. Site infrastructure consists of residential buildings, undeveloped farmland, and retention ponds. Several paved and well-graded county roads traverse the area providing access to each property. Several electric transmission lines run adjacent to these roads and by the individual properties. Non-potable water will be supplied by wells at or near the site. There is an existing water supply well at Upper Spring Creek- Brown, but additional wells may need to be developed. Water extracted as part of ISR operations will be recycled for re-injection. Rosita South - Cadena The Company has obtained legal access to the land surface through confidential agreements. Site infrastructure consists of residential buildings and land to support ranching and agriculture. Several paved and well-graded county roads traverse the area providing access to the property. Several electric transmission lines run adjacent to these roads to supply power to residential areas. No water supply sources have been developed for this site. Economic Analysis The South Texas Technical Report Summary contains an Initial Assessment which indicates a pre-tax Net Present Value of $104.3 million at an 8% discount rate compared to an after- tax Net Present Value of $81.8 million at an 8% discount rate. The South Texas Technical Report Summary contemplates an annual production of just over 0.5 million pounds in the first year and then ramping up to approximately 0.8 million pounds by the second year. Total life of the project is estimated at approximately 9 years (6 years production followed by 3 years of restoration/surface reclamation). The NPV assumes cash flows take place in the middle of the periods and is calculated based on a discounted cash flow. The production estimates, Capital Expenses, and Operating Expenses, cost distributions used to develop the cash flow are based on the production and restoration models developed by the Company and incorporated in the cash flow. The cash flow assumes no escalation, no debt, interest, or capital repayment. The initial capitalized STX Integrated project construction was completed prior to this analysis. Excluding sunk costs which occurred prior to the operations proposed in the analysis, the STX Integrated is estimated to generate net cash flow over its life, before income tax, of $123.96 million and $97.01 million after income tax. The mine plan and economic analysis are based on the following assumptions: • NI 43-101 and S-K 1300 compliant estimate of Mineral Resources and a recovery factor of 80%, • A variable U 3 O 8 sales price ranging from $78.37/lb up to $92.04/lb with an overall average U 3 O 8 sales price of $87.05/lb, • A mine life 9 years (6 years production followed by 3 years of restoration/surface reclamation), • A pre-income tax cost including royalties, state and local taxes, operating costs, and capital costs of $43.12/lb, and costs for the Project are based on actual costs from enCore’s currently operating south Texas ISR projects, economic analyses for similar ISR uranium projects, and WWC’s in house experience with mining and construction costs. All costs are in U.S. dollars. The above information is based on Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources which do not have demonstrated economic viability. Given the speculative nature of mineral resources, there is no guarantee that any or all of the mineral resources included in the Initial Assessment will be recovered. The Initial Assessment is preliminary in nature and there is no certainty that the Project will be realized. Geology, Mineralization and Deposit The STX Integrated Project is located along the South Texas coastal plain, within the STUP. The uranium-bearing deposits in the STUP include sandstones in Tertiary formations ranging in age from Eocene (oldest) to Lower Pliocene (youngest). These permeable deposits are interbedded with claystones, mudstones and siltstones. Uranium mineralization at the STX Integrated Project is typical of Texas roll-front sandstone deposits. The formation of roll-front deposits is largely a groundwater process that occurs when uranium-rich, oxygenated groundwater interacts with 11 Table of Contents a reducing environment in the subsurface and precipitates uranium. The most favorable host rocks for roll-fronts are permeable sandstones with large aquifer systems. Interbedded mudstone, claystone and siltstone are often present and aid in the formation process by focusing groundwater flux. The roll-front deposits at Brevard are slightly different from the other roll-front deposits at Butler Ranch, Brown, and Cadena. Permitting and Licensing ISR projects in Texas require a number of permitting steps before recovery of uranium can commence. The first requirement is an exploration permit regulated by the Texas Railroad Commission. All sites have active exploration permits that allow drilling of exploration holes allowing enCore to collect data to determine if an economic ore body exists. The results of the drilling programs through exploration permits are used to define the resources on the associated property. An aquifer exemption is determined by the U.S. Environment Protection Agency (“EPA”) that the aquifer or potion of the aquifer is mineralized and can not be used now or in the future as a source for drinking water. Once acknowledgment is made by the EPA that naturally occurring uranium exists in the aquifer in the designated area with that section of the aquifer specified as suitable for use as a drinking water source. Once it has been decided to move towards production, an aquifer exemption must be obtained through the EPA. Texas is a Nuclear Regulatory Commission (“NRC”) agreement state with regulatory control over radioactive materials licensing for uranium recovery via a Radioactive Materials License (“RML”) and also has primary regulatory authority from the EPA over the permitting of Underground Injection Control “UIC” activities.  An area UIC permit is required to progress to the next stage. This stipulates the area in which production can be pursued and the requirements regarding operations and reclamation of uranium ISR activities. Within the permitted areas, one or more PAAs must be obtained. To obtain a PAA, monitor wells must be installed and pump tests conducted to verify connectivity within the aquifer. Baseline wells must also be installed and analyses run to establish baseline testing and bonding must be put into place prior to operations. In order to extract and process natural uranium, a RML is needed. A RML requires part and parcel with the UIC permit and the application for the two are submitted simultaneously or as close together as possible. This stipulates the environmental and occupational monitoring that the licensee must carry out. Current Permits for the STX Integrated Projects are as follows: Upper Spring Creek - Brown Permit Type Permit Number Approved date Current Status Aquifer Exemption EPA exemption ID: 6-114 – Boots/Brown Jan. 1, 1982 Approved Area Permit URO3095 August 2, 2024 Approved Area Permit Application for Upper Spring Creek - Brown Expansion Area Permit Scheduled for 1H 2026 PAAs Application submitted May 23, 2025 Under review with the TCEQ PAAs Application to add PAA for the Upper Spring Creek Brown Expansion Project Scheduled for 2H 2026 WDW WDW467 Pending approval - projected mid-April 2026 RML License RO3653 Issued May 22, 2025 Approved Upper Spring Creek – Brevard Permit Type Permit Number Approved date Current Status Aquifer Exemption EPA exemption ID: 6-84 – Brevard Jan. 1, 1982 Approved Rosita South – Cadena Permit Type Permit Number Approved date Current Status 12 Table of Contents Aquifer Exemption EPA ID: 6-75 – Rosita Extension Jul. 1, 1998 Approved Area Permit Renewal application submitted Apr. 8, 2024. URO2880 Nov. 15, 2007. Has subsequently been renewed Oct. 10, 2014. Approved. PAAs N/A PAA to be submitted once drilling identifies an orebody WDW WDW250 Active: Wastewater will be piped to existing Class I  Injection Wells No. 250. Mineral Extraction Activities The following table shows the extraction history from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2025, from the STX Integrated: Project 2025 2024 South Texas Integrated ISR Project (dried and packaged) Pounds U3O8 5,728 73,488 Mineral resources that are not mineral reserves have not demonstrated economic viability and do not meet the requirement for all the relevant modifying factors. Stated mineral resources are derived from estimated quantities of mineralized material recoverable by ISR methods. Mineral Resources The Company mines uranium using the ISR recovery method. ISR has historically been utilized at the STX Integrated Project and is environmentally benign when compared to conventional open pit or underground recovery techniques. The STX Integrated Project Mineral Resources have a reasonable prospect for economic extraction due to the depth of mineralization, Grade x Thickness (“GT”) values, and continuity of mineralization. Studies completed to date support the conclusion that the STX Integrated Project deposits could be mined through ISR. The Mineral Resource estimates presented in the South Texas Technical Report Summary use cutoffs that are appropriate for ISR mining and may not be applicable to other mining methods. Mineral reportable as Mineral Resources meets the following cutoff criteria: • Minimum Grade: 0.020 %U 3 O 8 Grade is calculated at 0.5 ft depth increments, and values below this cutoff are excluded from reported resources. • Minimum GT: • 0.30 for Brevard, Cadena, and the measured resources at Brown • 0.20 for the indicated and inferred resources at Brown No specific minimum thickness is applied; however, the grade is calculated at 0.5 ft depth increments, making this the minimum possible thickness. The South Texas Technical Report Summary concludes the cutoffs used are typical of the ISR industry standard practice and are appropriate for current ISR methods. The following key assumptions are used for all resource estimates: • Resources are in permeable and porous sandstones; and • Resources are located below the water table. 13 Table of Contents Summary of Uranium Mineral Resources at the South Texas Integrated ISR Project through December 31, 2025. (Based on a U 3 O 8 price of $87.05/lb.) Project Area GT Cutoff Average GT U3O8 (lbs) Upper Spring Creek – Brevard Area Measured 0.30 0.59 800,000 Indicated 0.30 0.40 38,000 Total Measured and Indicated 838,000 Upper Spring Creek – Brown Area Measured 0.30 1.17 1,339,000 Indicated 0.20 2.15 720,000 Total Measured and Indicated 2,059,000 Total Inferred 0.20 1.36 308,000 Rosita South – Cadena Measured 0.30 0.80 615,000 Indicated 0.30 0.42 15,000 Total Measured and Indicated 630,000 Notes: 1. Mineral resources as defined in S-K 1300. 2. All resources occur below the static water table. 3. The point of reference for mineral resources is in-situ at the STX Integrated Project. 4. Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. 5. An 80% metallurgical recovery factor was considered for the purposes of the economic analysis. 6. There are no measured or indicated resources at Rosita CPP or Butler Ranch and no inferred resources at Rosita CPP, Butler Ranch, Brevard or Cadena. There have been no changes to the STX Integrated Project Mineral Resources estimates for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. Mine Design and Plans A CPP and satellite facility collects and processes uranium. The CPP processing circuits consist of elution, precipitation, dewatering, drying and packaging. The satellite facility includes an IX and a resin transfer system to facilitate transfer of loaded resin by truck from the satellite to the CPP. ISR has historically been utilized at the STX Integrated Project and is relatively environmentally benign when compared to conventional open pit or underground recovery techniques. This mining method utilizes injection wells to introduce a mining solution, called lixiviant, into the mineralized zone. To use ISR, the mineralized body must be saturated with groundwater, transmissive to water, and amenable to dissolution by the lixiviant. Previous operations have demonstrated uranium mineralization within the STX Integrated Project area is recoverable using the proposed ISR techniques. In areas where the ore is not as widespread to allow for these patterns, encore will utilize an alternative line drive pattern placed over the recovery zone with wells alternating between production and injection wells. Pattern design is determined by the size and shape of the deposit, hydrogeological properties of the mining formation, and mining economics. enCore plans to use a combination of five-spot and alternating line drive patterns with recovery wells spaced 50-100 feet from injection wells. Patterns are grouped into production units referred to as wellfields. Wellfields form a practical means for design, development and production, where groups of recovery wells and their associated injection wells are designed, constructed and operated, serving as the fundamental operating unit for distribution of the alkaline leach system, which is the process of mixing with alkaline carbonate solutions or other solutions to convert uranium into a soluble form. An economic wellfield must cover the construction costs associated with well installation, connection of wells to piping that conveys the leach system between wellfields and the IX facility, wellfield and plant operating costs, and reclamation costs. To further facilitate planning, wellfields are grouped into PAs.  PAs represent a collection of wellfields for which baseline data, monitoring requirements, and restoration criteria have been established for development of a Wellfield Hydrologic Data Package that will be submitted to regulatory authorities for mining approval. 14 Table of Contents Wellfields will typically be developed based on conventional five-spot or alternating line drive patterns. Injection and recovery wells will be completed in a manner to isolate the screened uranium-bearing interval. To establish baseline data, monitoring requirements, and restoration criteria, monitor wells will be installed for each mine unit. Baseline production zone monitor wells will be completed in the deposit hosting sandstone unit to establish baseline water restoration criteria. Production zone monitor wells will also be installed in a ring around the entire wellfield. This ring of perimeter monitor wells will be setback approximately 400 feet from the patterns and 400 feet apart, respectively. Certain exceptions can be made to this distance based upon land and ore outline limitations when approved in the permit. This monitor well ring will be used to ensure mining fluids are contained within the wellfield. Overlying and underlying monitor wells will also be completed in hydro-stratigraphic units immediately above and below the production zone to monitor the potential for vertical lixiviant migration. Overlying monitor wells will be completed in all overlying units. Underlying wells will be completed in the immediately underlying unit. Each injection and production well will be connected within a network of high-density polyethylene (HDPE) piping to an injection or production manifold located in the wellfield. The manifolds are connected to pipes that convey leaching solutions to and from the ion exchange columns in the CPP or Satellite facility. Flow meters, control valves, and pressure gauges in the individual well piping will monitor and control the individual well flow rates. Wellfield piping will be constructed using high-density polyethylene pipe. The proposed uranium ISR process will involve the dissolution of the water-soluble uranium compound from the mineralized host sands at near neutral pH ranges. The lixiviant contains dissolved oxygen and carbon dioxide. The oxygen oxidizes the uranium, which is complexed with the bicarbonate formed by addition of carbon dioxide to the solution. The uranium-rich solution will be pumped from the recovery wells to the nearby CPP or satellite facility for uranium concentration with IX resin. A slightly greater volume of water will be recovered from the mineralized zone hydro-stratigraphic unit than injected, referred to as “bleed”, to create an inward flow gradient towards the wellfields. Thus, overall recovery flow rates will always be slightly greater than overall injection rates. This bleed solution will be disposed, as permitted, via injection into Class I Disposal Deep Wells. Extraction Rates and Expected Mine Life Extraction rate was calculated using an extraction model derived from wellfields operating in the South Texas region. The extraction model was applied to mineral resources based upon the observed monthly recovery with a recovery of 80% in 32 months. The figure below depicts the extraction forecast model for the wellfields for the STX Integrated Project. Exploration Target Conventional rotary drilling and down-hole geophysical logging were the primary exploration method at the STX Integrated Project. An exploration target has been identified at the Butler Ranch Project. The ranges of potential quantity and grade of the exploration target are conceptual in nature. There has been insufficient exploration to define a mineral resource or mineral reserve at Butler Ranch. It is uncertain if further exploration will result 15 Table of Contents in the target being delineated as a mineral resource and as such, the exploration target does not represent, and should not be construed to be, an estimate of a mineral resource or mineral reserve. Data evaluated to prepare the exploration target include project maps, mineral trend maps, historical ore body maps, cross sections, logs, previous technical reports, correspondence, and historical resource estimates and reporting. An extensive review of historical drill hole data was undertaken to estimate existing uranium resources within the property boundaries that have not been mined. Data from over 1,934 drill holes at Butler Ranch were evaluated. This evaluation included the use of historical down-hole electric logs, drill hole location maps, a 2015 drilling project report, a data acquisitions summary, past memos and permits, and historical ore reserve estimates by Conoco in 1978 and 1981. In addition, log data was inventoried and includes summaries of mineralized drill hole intercepts with grade, thickness, and local survey coordinates for drill holes. Those projects without down-hole electric logs were evaluated for exploration potential.  The ranges of potential quantity and grade of the exploration target are conceptual in nature.  At the time of the of the technical report there has been insufficient exploration to define a mineral resource or mineral reserve. It is uncertain if further exploration will result in the target being delineated as a mineral resource. An exploration target was estimated for several of the properties within the Butler Ranch Project area, as indicated in the table below. The estimates were derived from historical maps with mineral intercept data. No data can be confirmed by drill logs so resources cannot be classified. These properties are targets for further exploration in the future.  The ranges of tonnage and grade of the exploration target could change as exploration activities are completed. Rosita Butler Ranch – Exploration Target Estimate of U3O8 lbs Trend Property Host Strata Acreage Area (ft2) Estimated Pounds at GT Cutoff Estimated Pounds Turner Analog 1 Moczygemba Tordilla 3.71 161,608 19,000 69,000 2 Zunker Tordilla 14.08 613,325 72,000 264,000 3 Garcia Dubuse/Stone switch 28.91 1,259,320 148,000 541,000 4 Dziuk Tordilla 1.74 75,794 9,000 33,000 Totals 2,110,047 248,000 907,000 Planned Work The Company’s planned work will focus on commencing uranium extraction from Upper Spring Creek - Brown. The necessary initial steps included the completion of the regulatory approvals of the amendment to the RML RO3653, Class I UIC non-hazardous liquid byproduct disposal well and the PAA. Installation of the wellfield patterns, wellfield infrastructure, and the satellite IX facility for the site are currently ongoing. The first modules and the first half of the IX train will be ready to operate once the final PAA is received in 2026. The Company intends to conduct additional exploratory drilling on the Geffert and Houdman properties to identify additional Mineral Resources and increase confidence in the reported inferred Mineral Resources. In 2026, the Company intends to file applications to amend the RML RO3653 to incorporate Upper Spring Creek–Brown Expansion Project and file applications for Class III and Class I Underground Injection Control permits for Upper Spring Creek–Brown Expansion Project. Alta Mesa Project (Alta Mesa CPP), Brooks County, TX The Alta Mesa Project is a fully licensed and constructed CPP, located on over 203,000 acres of private land. Total operating capacity is currently approximately 1.5 million lbs. U 3 O 8 per year. Alta Mesa historically produced approximately 4.6 million lbs. of U 3 O 8 between 2005 and 2013, when full production was curtailed because of low uranium prices at the time by Mesteña Uranium LLC, the previous owner. The following technical and scientific description of the Alta Mesa Project is based in part on the Alta Mesa Technical Report Summary. The report is filed as Exhibit 96.3 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Alta Mesa Technical Report Summary was prepared in accordance with S-K 1300. The Alta Mesa Project does not have known “Mineral Reserves” and is therefore considered under SEC S-K 1300 definitions to be an Exploration Stage Property. 16 Table of Contents Property and Operational Overview Property Location The Alta Mesa Project is an Exploration Stage ISR uranium mining project located in south Texas. The Alta Mesa Project lies within the southern part of the STUP. Uranium deposits in the STUP extend from Starr County at the international border with Mexico northeastward through Zapata, Jim Hogg, Brooks, Webb, Duval, Kleberg, McMullen, Live Oak, Bee, Atascosa, Karnes, Wilson, Goliad, and Gonzales counties. The Alta Mesa Project is located entirely within private land holdings of the Jones Ranch. The Jones Ranch is an approximately 380,000-acre ranch that was founded in 1897, and enCore controls over 200,000 of the 380,000 acres with mineral leases and options for uranium exploration and development. The Alta Mesa Project is comprised of the Alta Mesa Mining Lease and the Alta Mesa CPP. The Alta Mesa Project consists of 4,597 acres. The active mine and CPP are located on the Alta Mesa project area approximately 35.5 miles southwest of Falfurrias via US Highway 281 to Ranch Road 755 to Ranch Road 430 to CR 314 to CR 315, Encino, Texas 78353, in Brooks County, Texas at approximately 26° 54’ 08” north longitude and 98° 18’ 54” west latitude. Ownership Mineral Rights Royalty agreements have been established with mineral and surface owners. Furthermore, surface owners are paid an annual rental to hold the surface on behalf of enCore. Additionally, the agreements also provide for additional charges to the surface owner to cover surface damages and for reduction of husbandry grazing during field operations and other disturbances to the land. 17 Table of Contents Mining Leases and Royalties The Uranium Solution Mining Lease comprises Tract 5 and a portion of Tracts 1, 4, and 6 of “W.W. Jones Subdivision,”  out of the “La Mesteña Y Gonzalena” Rafael Garcia Salinas Survey, Abstract N0. 480 and the “La Mesteñas” Ysidro Garcia Survey, Abstract No. 218, Brooks County, Texas. The Lease now covers uranium, thorium, vanadium, molybdenum, other fissionable minerals, and associated minerals and materials for the 4,597.67 acre property. The lease, as amended, commenced on June 16, 2016, with a term of 15 years and the option for a 15-year extension, as long as the lessee is continuously engaged in any mining, development, production, processing, treating, restoration, or reclamation operations on the leased premises. The lease includes provisions for royalty payments on net proceeds, less allowable deductions, received by the Company. The royalties range from 3.1% to 7.5% depending on the price received for the uranium. The lease also calls for a royalty on substances produced on adjacent lands but processed on the leased premises. The table below illustrates royalty details for the Alta Mesa Project. Mining Lease Royalties Royalty Holders Number of Acres Lessor Royalty Primary Term Mesteña Unproven Ltd. 4,597.67 +/- 7.5% Market value > $95.00/lb. U 3 O 8 15 years from amendment date with option for additional 15 years or as long uranium mining operations continue Jones Unproven Ltd. 4,597.67 +/- 6.25% of Market Value > $65/lb. U 3 O 8 15 years from amendment date with option for additional 15 years or as long uranium mining operations continue Mesteña Unproven Ltd. 4,597.67 +/- 3.15% of Market Value > $65/lb. U 3 O 8 15 years from amendment date with option for additional 15 years or as long uranium mining operations continue Jones Unproven Ltd. 4,597.67 +/- 3.15% of Market Value > $65/lb. U 3 O 8 15 years from amendment date with option for additional 15 years or as long uranium mining operations continue Permitting and Lease Option Agreement The Amended and Restated Uranium Testing and Lease Option Agreement dated June 16, 2016 (the “Lease Option”), as part of the share purchase agreement between enCore Energy and the various holders of the Mesteña Project, covers all land containing mineral potential as identified through exploration efforts and covers uranium, thorium, vanadium, molybdenum, and all other fissionable materials, compounds, solutions, mixtures, and source materials.  It covers 195,501 acres. The initial term of the Lease Option was for eight years, which was extended for an additional seven years in April 2024 after payment of an extension fee.  The Lease Option was further amended to extend the lease option period by an additional five years in June 2024. Uranium Testing Permit and Lease Option Agreements Royalties Royalty Holders Number of Acres Lessor Royalty Primary Term Mesteña Unproven Ltd. 195.501 +/- 7.5% Market value > $95.00/lb. U 3 O 8 8 years from amendment date with option for additional 7 years or as long uranium mining operations continue Jones Unproven Ltd. 195.501 +/- 6.25% of Market Value > $65/lb. & </= $95/lb. U 3 O 8 8 years from amendment date with option for additional 7 years or as long uranium mining operations continue Mesteña Unproven Ltd. 195.501 +/- 3.15% of Market Value > $65/lb. U 3 O 8 8 years from amendment date with option for additional 7 years or as long uranium mining operations continue Jones Unproven Ltd. 195.501 +/- 3.15% of Market Value > $65/lb. U 3 O 8 8 years from amendment date with option for additional 7 years or as long uranium mining operations continue 18 Table of Contents Surface Rights The mineral leases and options described above include provisions for reasonable use of the land surface for the purposes of ISR mining and mineral processing. Alta Mesa is a fully licensed, operable facility with sufficient sources of power, water, and waste disposal facilities for operations and aquifer restoration. Alta Mesa LLC, either has in place or can obtain the necessary permits and/or agreements, and local resources are sufficient for current and future ISR operations within the Alta Mesa Project. The surface use agreements have been entered into with all the surface owners on the various prospect areas as part of the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement between Energy Fuels Inc. and the various holders of the Mesteña Project. These agreements provide, amongst other things, for stipulated damages to be paid for certain activities related to the exploration and production of uranium. Specifically, the agreements call for U.S. Consumer Price Index (CPI) adjusted payments for the following disturbances: exploratory test holes, development test holes, monitor wells, new roads, and related surface disturbances. The lease also outlines an annual payment schedule for land taken out of agricultural use around the area of a deep disposal well, land otherwise taken out of agricultural use, and pipelines constructed outside of the production area. Encumbrances The Alta Mesa Project is encumbered by financial assurance instruments held by the state for completed wells, ISR mining and uranium processing to ensure reclamation and restoration of the affected lands and aquifers in accordance with state regulations and permit requirements. Infrastructure The Alta Mesa Project is well supported by nearby towns and services. Larger cities, Corpus Christi, McAllen and Laredo, are each about 100 miles or less from the site and are ready sources of materials and equipment. Major power lines are located across the Alta Mesa Project and are accessed for electrical service. The road system is comprehensive and well maintained and used for shipment of materials and equipment. Human resources are employed from nearby population centers. The site has uranium drill holes and related infrastructure (e.g., small mud pits temporarily constructed to facilitate drill operations and water supply ponds), trucks and other equipment, historic and new wellfields, a CPP, administration building, shop and warehouse, environmental office, logging building and test pits. The Company renovated the CPP with equipment upgrades and refurbishments to the IX, elution and yellowcake processing circuits, which was completed in the second quarter of 2024. The CPP has an automated control and monitoring system that allows remote monitoring of the facility and includes fail safe systems that can shut down portions of the system in the event of an upset condition. The facility is also fully secured with on-site and remote monitoring.  Water supply for the Alta Mesa Project is from established and permitted local wells. Liquid waste from the processing facility is disposed via deep well injection through two permitted UIC Class I disposal wells. Solid waste is disposed of off-site at licensed disposal facilities. No tailings or other related waste disposal facilities are needed. Oil and gas-related infrastructure on the Alta Mesa Project includes oil and gas exploration and production wells, tank batteries, and numerous transmission and gathering pipelines. Geology, Mineralization and Deposit Uranium deposits are roll-fronts and are very similar to others found in the STUP. Deposit genesis is related to the presence of highly reduced groundwater systems generated from the biogenic decomposition of natural gas and/or hydrogen sulfide seepage derived from deeper formations through localized faulting. At Alta Mesa, uranium bearing groundwater moved from northwest to southeast within the Goliad Formation and encountered reduction zones associated with the Vicksburg fault system and the Alta Mesa salt dome and associated faulting which allowed the introduction of organics and other fluids upward through faults and fractures.  The deposits are characterized by numerous vertically stacked roll-fronts controlled by stratigraphic heterogeneity, host lithology, permeability, reductant type and concentration, and groundwater geochemistry. Individual roll-fronts are a few tens of feet wide, 4 to 10 feet thick, and often thousands of feet long. Collectively, roll-fronts result in an overall deposit that is up to a few hundred feet wide, 50 to 75 feet thick and continuous for miles in length. 19 Table of Contents History From the early 1970s through 1999, the Alta Mesa Project mineral leases were held by various entities, including Chevron Minerals (which conducted initial drilling), Total Minerals, Cogema and URI, Inc. In 1999, the landowners of the land subject to the mineral leases formed Mesteña Uranium LLC, which completed most of the drilling in the Alta Mesa Project area and constructed the ISR facility in 2004, with production beginning in late 2005. Mesteña Uranium LLC operated the facility through February 2013, when the uranium market downturn occurred. Between 2005 and 2013, approximately 4.6 million lbs of uranium was extracted by ISR, with an average annual production of approximately 570,000 lbs yellow cake. In 2016, Energy Fuels, Inc. acquired both the Alta Mesa Project and the Mesteña Grande Project, and enCore acquired 100% of the interests of Alta Mesa and Mesteña Grande Project areas from a subsidiary of Energy Fuels, Inc. in November 2022. In February 2024, the Company and Boss entered into a joint venture for the Alta Mesa Project, whereby the Company holds a 70% interest and Boss holds 30%. Permitting and Licensing The most significant permits and licenses required to operate the Alta Mesa Project are (1) the Source and Byproduct Materials License, which was issued by TCEQ (formerly Texas Bureau of Radiation Control) in 2002; (2) the Class III Area Permit issued by TCEQ in April 2000; and (3) Production Area Authorizations issued at various times since April 2000, two deep Class I injection non-hazardous disposal wells issued by TCEQ in April 2000 and an aquifer exemption issued by USEPA in 2002, with the area expanded in a revised Aquifer Emption dated 2009. Similar permits would be required for the Mesteña Grande Project area depending upon the nature of operations and their integration with the Alta Mesa facility. Preliminary investigations including exploration and environmental monitoring of the Alta Mesa expansion project were initiated in the Fall of 2025. Amendment applications for RML No. R05360 and the Class III Area Permit No. UR03060 have been started with projected submittals in the Fall of 2026. Amendment to add the Production Area Authorization will be submitted during 2026. PAA-1 has been extracted, and the groundwater restoration has been approved by the TCEQ. PAA-2 through PAA-6 is either in standby or in the process of groundwater restoration.  PAA-7 is currently being extracted. The status of the various federal and state permits and licenses are summarized in the table below: Permitting Status Permit/License Status FCC - Radio License FRN0020106654 Active Sewage System OSSF Active PAA-1 Active PAA-2 Active PAA-3 Active PAA-4 Active PAA-5 Active PAA-6 Active PAA-7 Active Uranium Exploration Permit 125 Active Radioactive Material License - R05360 Timely Renewal L05939 - Sealed Source RML for PFN Active TCEQ Aquifer Exemption Active EPA Aquifer Exemption Active UIC Class III Mine Area Permit UR03060 Timely Renewal USCOE 404 exemption SWG-1998-02466 Active UIC Class I disposal well permit WDW-365 Active UIC Class I disposal well permit WDW-366 Active Mineral Resources and Extraction Activities 20 Table of Contents Mineral Resources The following table shows the extraction history from the beginning of extraction activities as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, from the Alta Mesa ISR Project: Project 2025 2024 Alta Mesa ISR Project Pounds U 3 O 8 699,000 190,000 Mineral resources that are not mineral reserves have no demonstrated economic viability and do not meet the requirement for all the relevant modifying factors. Stated mineral resources are derived from estimated quantities of mineralized material recoverable by ISR methods. Key Assumptions, Parameters and Methods for Mineral Resource Estimates Key Assumptions • Mineral resources have been estimated based on the use of the ISR extraction method and yellowcake production, and based on data collected from historical drill holes; • Average density of 17.0 cubic feet per ton was used based on historical sample measurements; • Price forecast, production costs and an 80% metallurgical recovery were used to estimate mineral resources; • Average wellfield recovery of 80% that accounts for dilution from mining hydro-logic efficiency and metallurgical recovery; • Average plant recovery of 98%; and, • Average uranium price of $83.43 based on TradeTech’s Uranium Market Study 2023: Issue 4. Measured Mineral Resources Drilling is denser than 50 x 200 feet spacing for mineralized zones characterized by a uniform and easily correlatable roll-front morphology, from one drilling fence line to another. Mineralization must be continuous between drill fences. The hydrogeological properties of the hosting horizon are studied by aquifer pump tests. The amenability of mineralization to ISR mining is demonstrated by laboratory leach tests. Mineralization is characterized by sufficient confidence in geological interpretation to support detailed wellfield planning and development with no or very little changes expected from additional drilling. Indicated Mineral Resources Drilling density equivalent to or denser than 50 x 200 feet spacing for mineralized zones characterized by a uniform and easily correlatable roll-front morphology, from one drilling fence line to another. Mineralization must be continuous between drill fences. The hydrogeological properties of the hosting horizon are studied by aquifer pump tests. The amenability of mineralization to ISR mining is demonstrated by laboratory leach tests. Mineralization is characterized by sufficient confidence in geological interpretation to support wellfield planning and development with some changes expected from additional drilling. Inferred Mineral Resources Drilling density equivalent to about 800 feet spacing for mineralized zones characterized by less uniformity and not easily correlatable roll-front morphology, from one drilling fence line to another. Mineralization must be continuous between drill fences but there is less confidence in geologic interpretation. The hydrogeological properties of the hosting horizon are studied by aquifer pump tests. The amenability of mineralization to ISR mining is demonstrated by laboratory leach tests. Mineralization is characterized by insufficient confidence in geological interpretation to support wellfield planning and development due to significant changes expected from additional drilling. 21 Table of Contents Mineral Resource Estimates A summary of the Project’s mineral resource estimates is provided in the table below. Summary of Uranium Mineral Resources at the Alta Mesa ISR Project as of December 31, 2025. (Based on a metal price of $83.43/lb. U 3 O 8 ) Category Tons (x 1,000) Avg Grade (%) U 3 O 8 Total Lbs (x 1000) U 3 O 8 Measured 263.7 0.136 691.4 Indicated 630.0 0.150 1,894.5 Total Measured and Indicated 894.0 0.145 2,585.9 Inferred 2,223.4 0.112 5,200.5 Total Inferred 2,223.4 0.112 5,200.5 Notes: 1 enCore reports mineral reserves and mineral resources separately. Reported mineral resources do not include mineral reserves. 2 The geological model used is based on geological interpretations on section and plan derived from surface drill hole information. 3 Mineral resources have been estimated using a minimum grade-thickness cut-off of 0.30 ft% U 3 O 8 . 4 Mineral resources are estimated based on the use of ISR for mineral extraction. 5 Inferred mineral resources are estimated with a level of sampling sufficient to determine geological continuity but less confidence in grade and geological interpretation such that inferred resources cannot be converted to mineral reserves. There have been no changes to the Alta Mesa Project Mineral Resource estimates for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. Mining, Processing and Recovery Methods Mining Method The Company is mining uranium using ISR. An alkaline leach system of carbon dioxide and oxygen is used as the extracting solution. Bicarbonate, resulting from the addition of carbon dioxide to the extracting solution, is the complexing agent. Oxygen is added to oxidize the uranium to a soluble +6 valence state. Mine Designs and Plans From March 2023 to June of 2024, the Company renovated the CPP with equipment upgrades and refurbishments to the IX, elution and yellowcake processing circuits. During this timeframe, the Company also advanced mine development. Production and injection wells are installed to facilitate the in-situ mining process. Injection wells are used to inject chemically fortified natural groundwater into the ore body liberating uranium. Production wells are used to recover the uranium rich waters by pumping the production fluid to the surface. Wells are completed in only one mineralized zone at a time and in a manner that focuses fluid flow across the deposit. The Alta Mesa Project includes fully permitted production areas, including PAA-6 and PAA-7, with brownfield drilling being conducted in PAA-8 and PAA-9.  As of December 31, 2024, in PAA-7, 943 holes were drilled of which 224 were deemed suitable for further development into injection and production wells. In PAAs 8 through 10, 161 holes were drilled targeting mineralization in multiple horizons. As of December 31, 2025, in PAA-7, 1,036 holes were drilled, of which 212 were deemed suitable for further development into injection and production wells. In PAA-3 extension, PAA-8 through PAA-10, a total of 526 holes were drilled, of which 10 were deemed suitable for further development into injection and production wells. Drilling targeted mineralization in multiple horizons. Production Rates and Expected Mine Life Flow rate and head grades will be maintained to achieve annual production rate. New wellfields will be developed and commissioned at a rate to ensure adequate head grades are maintained as operating wellfields are depleted to achieve production objectives. Production rate was calculated using a production model as shown below.  The production model was applied to mineral resources using the following parameters: • Average recovery well flow rate of 45 gpm • Maximum CPP flow rate of 7,500 gpm • Average feed grade of 60 ppm U 3 O 8 • 80% mineral recovery in 32 months 22 Table of Contents Production forecast by year are illistrated below. Alta Mesa Project’s wellfield solution head grades peaked at approximately 140 mg/L U 3 O 8 and averaged approximately 65 mg/L U 3 O 8 for both 2024 and 2025. Production Forecast Model Mine Construction In February 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of the Alta Mesa Project from Energy Fuels Inc., establishing ownership of a second south Texas uranium processing plant. In March 2023, the Company announced its formal decision to resume commercial operations in early 2024 and commenced pre-construction and drilling activities preparing staging areas, drill pads and identification of equipment requiring maintenance or repair. Processing and Recovery The CPP collects and processes uranium. The CPP processing circuits consists of IX, elution, precipitation, dewatering, drying and packaging. Part of enCore’s operational plan is to mine uranium from satellite properties processing product at one of the company’s CPPs. The CPP has an IX uranium recovery capacity of 1.5 million lbs of uranium per year through three separate IX circuits. In February 2024, enCore submitted the License R05360 Renewal and Amendment Application to the TCEQ requesting amendment to the existing license activities authorization to construct and operate remote ion exchange (RIX) facilities within the existing license area and to process resin for uranium extraction that is generated from other sources. RIX are self-contained stand-alone processing facilities with an IX circuit and a resin transfer system. RIX is the same uranium recovery process as IX in the CPP. Once uranium is recovered, loaded resin will be transferred via the resin transfer system and trucked to the CPP. 23 Table of Contents Planned Work • Complete installation of remaining modules in PAA-7. • Continue uranium extraction in PAA-7. • Install monitor wells for PAA-8. • Install production wells and infrastructure for PAA-3 extension and begin production upon receipt of PAA. • Continue to develop resources in the LC South area to define the next PAA. • Continue exploration at the newly acquired Alta Mesa East property to develop a resource on the property • There is ongoing wide spread drilling to determine a sitewide geologic understanding. • Closer spaced drilling will continue to define total mineralization and define potential production area limits. • Permitting efforts have begun on the Aquifer Exemption, RML and the UIC permit. Mesteña Grande Uranium Project, Brooks and Jim Hogg Counties, Texas The Mesteña Grande Project is an ISR uranium project located in south Texas. The Mesteña Grande Project lies within the southern part of the STUP. Uranium deposits in the STUP extend from Starr County at the international border with Mexico northeastward through Zapata, Jim Hogg, Brooks, Webb, Duval, Kleberg, McMullen, Live Oak, Bee, Atascosa, Karnes, Wilson, Goliad, and Gonzales counties. The center point of the Mesteña Grande Project is approximately 27.089° north longitude and 98.501° west latitude. Part of the Company’s operational plan is to mine uranium from satellite properties processing IX resin at one of the Company’s CPPs. At the Alta Mesa Project, enCore has an active mine and CPP. Portions of the Project are located adjacent to the south and to the north of the Alta Mesa Project, with other parts located as much as 50 miles northwest of the CPP.  enCore plans to develop and advance the Mesteña Grande Project and process uranium at Alta Mesa. 24 Table of Contents The following technical and scientific description of the Mesteña Grande Project is based on the Mesteña Grande Technical Report Summary. Mesteña Grande does not have known “Mineral Reserves” and therefore is considered under SEC S-K 1300 definitions to be an Exploration Stage Property. The report is filed as Exhibit 96.5, to this Annual Report as of December 31, 2025. The South Texas Technical Report Summary was prepared in accordance with S-K 1300. Property and Operational Overview The Mesteña Grande Project properties include multiple project areas, including Mesteña Grande North (MGN), Mesteña Grande Central (MGC), Mesteña Grande South (MGS), Mesteña Grande Alta Vista (MGAV), Mesteña Grande El Sordo (MGES), Mesteña Grande North Alta Mesa (MGNAM) and the Mesteña Grande South Alta Mesa (MGSAM) project areas. The properties collectively total 194,119 acres. The northwest corner of the Mesteña Grande Project is adjacent to and extends for about 36 miles north-northwest of the Alta Mesa CPP from Brooks County into Jim Hogg County, Texas. The project extents cover approximately 30 miles in an east-west direction, and approximately 35 miles in a north-south direction. Ownership Mineral ownership in Texas is private estate. Under the Relinquishment Act of 1919, as subsequently amended, the surface owner is made the agent of the state for the leasing of such lands, and both the surface owner and the state receive a fractional interest in the proceeds of the leasing and production of minerals. The Jones Ranch holdings include private surface and mineral rights for oil and gas and other minerals, including uranium. Uranium recovered at the Mesteña Grande Project will be processed at the Alta Mesa CPP under the current Uranium Solution Mining Lease, as described above under the property description for the Alta Mesa Project. 25 Table of Contents Infrastructure The site has uranium drill holes and related infrastructure (e.g., small mud pits temporarily constructed to facilitate drill operations and water supply ponds), and trucks and other equipment. Because of the Project’s proximity to Alta Mesa, Alta Mesa does serve as a base of operation for, administration, shop and warehouse, environmental support, and logging services. Water supply for the Mesteña Grande Project is from established and permitted local wells. Solid waste is disposed off-site at licensed disposal facilities. No tailings or other related waste disposal facilities are needed. Major power lines are located across the Mesteña Grande Project for grid access, with a comprehensive, well-maintained road system used for shipment of materials and equipment. Human resources are employed from nearby population centers, such as Corpus Christi, McAllen and Laredo, which are each about 100 miles or less from the site and are ready sources of materials and equipment. Geology, Mineralization and Deposit Uranium deposits are roll-fronts, typical to others found in the South Texas Uranium Province. Deposit genesis is related to the presence of highly reduced groundwater systems generated from the biogenic decomposition of natural gas and/or hydrogen sulfide seepage derived from deeper formations through localized faulting. At Mesteña Grande, uranium mineralization occurs in numerous locations within the Goliad, Oakville, and Catahoula Formations and is formed in much the same way as at Alta Mesa. Uranium bearing groundwater within each of these formations encountered reduction within the groundwater associated with major growth fault systems within the region. The deposits at Mesteña Grande are characterized by vertically stacked roll-fronts controlled by stratigraphic heterogeneity, host lithology, permeability, reductant type and concentration, and groundwater geochemistry. Individual known roll-fronts may be few tens of feet wide, 2 to 10 feet thick, and often thousands of feet long. Collectively, roll-fronts are inferred to result in an overall deposit that is up to a few hundred feet wide, 50 to 75 feet thick and continuous for miles in length. History As discussed above regarding the Alta Mesa Project, Mesteña Uranium LLC completed most of the drilling on the adjacent Alta Mesa project and constructed the ISR facility and began production in the fourth quarter of 2005 until February 2013. Mesteña Uranium, LLC acquired the Mesteña Grande projects in 2006 as an exploration option to provide additional uranium feed to the Alta Mesa plant. On June 17, 2016, Energy Fuels Inc., acquired both the Alta Mesa and the Mesteña Grande Projects. In November 2022, the Company entered into a Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated November 14, 2022, with EFR White Canyon Corp., a subsidiary of Energy Fuels, to acquire four limited liability companies that together hold 100% of the Alta Mesa and Mesteña Grande Projects. Acquisition costs were $120 million payable in a combination of cash and vendor take-back convertible note secured against the assets. In February 2024, the Company entered a joint venture with Boss. to develop and advance the Project. enCore retains ownership of 70% of the project and Boss holds 30%. See the discussion above under the description of the Alta Mesa Project for more information regarding the joint venture with Boss. 26 Table of Contents Licensing and Permitting The Project is not permitted or licensed to operate with the exception of the permits necessary for exploration. The most significant permits and licenses that will be required to operate the Project are (1) the TCEQ Source and Byproduct Materials License, (2) the Class I Mine Area Permit issued by TCEQ and (3) Production Area Authorizations (UIC Class III) that are issued at various times through LOM, deep injection non-hazardous Class I disposal wells issued by TCEQ, and an USEPA aquifer exemption. The timing to prepare the applications and for agency review and approval is estimated to be 3 to 4 years and is not entirely in enCore’s control. The TCEQ’s ability to process enCore’s applications is dependent on the workload of the agency.  With the renewed interest in uranium recovery, the application process timeline could be longer due to additional requests for ISR permits and licenses. The costs to obtain these licenses and permits is estimated to be $2.87 million.  These costs include environmental baseline sampling of the air, water (surface and subsurface), soils, and vegetation in the vicinity of the proposed activities.  The background radionuclide concentrations in the environment will also be determined. For the UIC Class III permits monitor wells will be installed and sampled to establish baseline water quality prior to mining. Mineral Resources Key assumptions for the following Mineral Resource estimates are as follows: • Mineral resources have been estimated based on the use of the ISR extraction method and yellowcake production as well as data collected from drillholes; • Average density of 17.0 cubic feet per ton was used, based on historical sample measurements; • Price forecast, production costs and an average wellfield recovery of 60% that accounts for dilution from mining hydrologic efficiency and metallurgical recovery, were used to estimate mineral resources, • Average plant recovery of 98 %; and • Average LOM uranium price of $85.48 based on TradeTech’s Uranium Market Study 2023: Issue 4. Key Methods for the following Mineral Resources estimates are as follows: •    Geological interpretation of the orebody was done on section and plan from surface drill hole information, •     The orebody was modeled creating roll-front outlines for each of the deposit’s individual mineralized zones; and, •      Geological modeling and mining applications used ArcGIS Pro. Measured Mineral Resources Drilling is denser than 50x100 feet spacing for mineralized zones characterized by a uniform and easily correlatable roll-front morphology, from one drilling fence line to another. Mineralization must be continuous between drill fences. The hydrogeological properties of the hosting horizon are studied by aquifer pump tests. The amenability of mineralization to ISR mining is demonstrated by laboratory leach tests. Mineralization is characterized by sufficient confidence in geological interpretation to support detailed wellfield planning and development with no or very little changes expected from additional drilling. Indicated Mineral Resources Drilling density equivalent to or denser than 200x400 feet spacing for mineralized zones characterized by a uniform and easily correlatable roll-front morphology, from one drilling fence line to another. Mineralization must be continuous between drill fences. The hydrogeological properties of the hosting horizon are studied by aquifer pump tests. The amenability of mineralization to ISR mining is demonstrated by laboratory leach tests. Mineralization is characterized by sufficient confidence in geological interpretation to support wellfield planning and development with some changes expected from additional drilling. Inferred Mineral Resources Drilling density equivalent to about 800 feet spacing for mineralized zones characterized by less uniformity and not easily correlatable roll-front morphology, from one drilling fence line to another. Mineralization must be continuous between drill fences but there is less confidence in geologic interpretation. The hydrogeological properties of the hosting horizon are studied by aquifer pump tests. The amenability of mineralization to ISR mining is demonstrated by laboratory leach tests. 27 Table of Contents Mineralization is characterized by insufficient confidence in geological interpretation to support wellfield planning and development due to significant changes expected from additional drilling. Mineral Resource Estimates Summary of Uranium Mineral Resources at the Mesteña Grande Uranium Project as of December 31, 2025. Based on a metal price of $85.48/lb U 3 O 8 Category Tons (x 1,000) Avg Grade (%) U 3 O 8 Total Lbs (x 1000) U 3 O 8 Measured - - - Indicated - - - Total Measured and Indicated - - - Inferred 5,852.8 0.1 13,887.9 Total Inferred 5,852.8 0.1 13,887.9 Notes: 1. The Company reports mineral reserves and mineral resources separately. Reported mineral resources do not include mineral reserves. 2. The geological model used is based on geological interpretations on section and plan derived from surface drillhole information. 3. Mineral resources have been estimated using a minimum grade-thickness cut-off of 0.30 ft% U 3 O 8 . 4. Mineral resources are estimated based on the use of ISR for mineral extraction. 5. Inferred mineral resources are estimated with a level of sampling sufficient to determine geological continuity but less confidence in grade and geological interpretation such that inferred resources cannot be converted to mineral reserves. There have been no changes to the Alta Mesa Project Mineral Resources estimates for the year-ended December 31, 2025, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. Mining, Processing and Recovery Methods The Company plans to recover uranium using resin IX (“RIX”). RIX are self-contained stand-alone processing facilities with an IX circuit and a resin transfer system. The process flow of the RIX is the same as the IX circuit in the CPP. Once uranium is recovered at the RIX, the loaded resin will be transferred via the resin transfer system to a resin trailer and trucked to the CPP for elution, precipitation, drying, and packaging.  The RIXs at the Mesteña Grande Project will be larger to accommodate an increased flow rate. Infrastructure at the Alta Mesa Project will allow for processing of all RIX resin at the Alta Mesa CPP. For a description of mining method, mine design and plans and processing at Alta Mesa, see the discussion above for the Alta Mesa Project. Dewey Burdock Project, Fall River and Custer Counties, South Dakota The Dewey Burdock Project is an Exploration Stage Property located in southwestern South Dakota and forms part of the northwestern extension of the Edgemont Uranium Mining District. The Dewey Burdock Project includes federal claims, private mineral rights and private surface rights controlling the entire area within the licensed project permit boundary as well as surrounding areas. The Company currently controls approximately 16,962 acres of net mineral rights and 12,613 acres of surface rights. The net result of the royalty and rental payments results in a cumulative 4.85% surface and mineral royalty. 28 Table of Contents Property and Operational Overview The Dewey Burdock Project is in southwestern South Dakota and forms part of the northwestern extension of the Edgemont Uranium Mining District.  The project area is in Townships 6 and 7 South, Range 1 East, of the Black Hills Prime Meridian approximately 13 miles north-northwest of Edgemont. The county line dividing Custer and Fall River countries, South Dakota, lies at the confluence of Townships 6 and 7 South.  The permitted area encompasses approximately 10,580 acres of mostly private land and 240 acres under the control of the Bureau of Land Management. Ownership Mineral titles are comprised of federal claims, private minerals and private surface rights within the permit boundary and surrounding areas. Access and mineral rights are currently held by a combination of private surface use agreements, access and mining lease agreements, purchase agreements and federal mineral claims. The Company currently holds 16,962 mineral acres with an annual cost of $401,307. These royalties for fee minerals range from 2% to 4% of gross sales.  Leases have been acquired from various landowners with several levels of payments and obligations. Where the Company will develop mineral resources, both surface and minerals are leased or controlled by unpatented mineral claims. Furthermore, enCore controls all surface and mineral rights within the permit boundary. Most leases and purchase agreements are maintained through annual payments. Several leases are subject to an annual payment that is based on uranium spot price at payment due date. Claims are held by annual payments to the Bureau of Land Management. 29 Table of Contents Infrastructure The Dewey Burdock Project is well supported by nearby towns and services. Major power lines are located across the project for electrical service. The Burlington Northern Sante Fe railroad crosses the Dewey Burdock Project, and a major railroad siding occurs at Edgemont and may be used for shipment of materials and equipment, if necessary. Human resources will be employed from nearby population centers, such as Edgemont, Custer and Hot Springs. Mineral and surface area leases have flexibility for placement of tanks, out buildings, storage areas and pipelines. The project area has no mining facilities or buildings. The only site equipment related to mining includes a weather monitoring station, radiological monitoring stations and monitor wells. Estimated capital costs are $262.2 million, which includes pre-construction permitting and licensing, wellfield development, the CPP, satellite and associated infrastructure.  Estimated capital costs are $264.2 million, which includes pre-construction permitting and licensing, wellfield development, the CPP, satellite and associated infrastructure. Geology, Mineralization and Deposit The Edgemont Uranium District is located on the southwest side of the Black Hills Uplift. The Black Hills Uplift is a Laramide Age structure forming a northwest trending dome about 125 miles long x 60 miles wide located in southwestern 30 Table of Contents South Dakota and northeastern Wyoming. The uplift has deformed all rocks in age from Cambrian to latest Cretaceous. Subsequent erosion has exposed these rock units dipping outward in successive elliptical outcrops surrounding the central Precambrian granite core. Differential weathering has resulted in present day topography of concentric ellipsoids of valleys under softer rocks and ridges held up by more competent units. The Cretaceous sediments contain uranium roll front deposits in the more porous and permeable sands within the Inyan Kara Group, Lakota Formation and Fall River Formations. The entire Inyan Kara Group consists of basal fluvial sediments grading into near marine sandstones, silts and clays deposited along the ancestral Black Hills Uplift. The sandstones are continuous along the entire western flank of the uplift and dip about 3 degrees to the southwest in the Dewey Burdock Project area. The Lakota and Fall River Formations were deposited by northward flowing stream systems. Sediments are characterized by point bar and traverse bar deposition in meandering fluvial systems. Sand units fine upward with numerous cut-and-fill structures indicative of channel migration depositing silt and clay upon older sand. The Fall River sands are noticeably thinner with marine sediments superimposed directly on the fluvial sands. The depositional characteristics of the Lakota and Fall River Formations result in stratigraphic heterogeneity within the sands. Because of this heterogeneity, uranium mineralization occurs as multiple sinuous roll fronts, instead of one large front as is observed in more homogeneous sands. Individual roll fronts are continuous and generally trend along strike but may or may not overlap. Individual roll fronts average about 8 feet thick and 30 feet wide. Where overlapping occurs the deposit can be tens of feet thick and hundreds of feet wide. The strike length of individual roll fronts is variable but often on the order of thousands of feet, where the total strike length of the deposit is measured in miles. Depth to mineralization is variable and ranges from about 180 to 920 feet. History Uranium minerals were discovered in the vicinity of the Dewey Burdock Project as early as 1952 and were mined by small mining companies using open pit, adit or shallow underground mines. These mining companies leased the mineral rights from mineral or other claim owners and by the late 1950s the deposits came under the control of Susquehanna, which owned the process mill located in Edgemont. Susquehanna mined most of the known shallow uranium deposits prior to the mill’s closure in 1972. During the uranium boom of the 1970s, several companies returned to the Dewey Burdock Project area, acquired leases and began exploration for deeper deposits. Multiple exploration companies, including Wyoming Mineral, Homestake Mining Company, Federal Resources and Susquehanna discovered deeper uranium roll-front type mineralization. The project area went through multiple subsequent owners, including the Tennessee Valley Authority (“TVA”), which developed a resource to warrant mine plans that included an underground mine shaft at both the Burdock and Dewey sites and a new uranium mill that was planned to be near Burdock. On October 29, 2014, Powertech merged with Azarga Resources Limited forming Azarga Uranium. To further consolidate project resources, Azarga entered into a binding property purchase agreement with Energy Metals on November 18, 2005, whereby Azarga acquired a 100% interest in 119 mineral claims covering approximately 2,300 acres. In 2021, Azarga and enCore entered into an agreement whereby enCore was to purchase Azarga. In September of 2021, the acquisition was finalized with enCore acquiring multiple assets in various stages of development including the advanced stage Dewey Burdock Project. Licensing and Permitting The Dewey Burdock Project is the first uranium ISR facility to submit permit applications in the state of South Dakota. As such, there is inherent risk in a new permitting process, regulatory unfamiliarity with ISR methods, and an untested review period. The amount of time required for regulatory review of all permits associated with the commissioning of an ISR facility is highly variable and directly affects project economics. The Company intends to have all permits necessary to construct in 2027. The timeframe to obtain licenses and permits is expected to be impacted by environmental nongovernmental organizations (“NGO’s”) and public contestation of both state and federal permits and licenses. Time for contested cases has been accounted for in the project development schedule. The Dewey Burdock Project has drawn attention from environmental NGO’s, tribal governments, and individuals in the public. enCore is managing this risk through the state and federal permitting processes.  Extensive efforts by the regulatory agencies have proceeded to near completion of all major permitting and licensing actions. The NRC license (SUA 1600), which was issued in 2014, challenged and appealed, is now in good standing and in timely renewal. The license renewal application is being reviewed by the NRC with a licensing decision currently projected for May 2026. The NRC’s safety evaluation report was completed with favorable results in December 2025. The NRC’s 31 Table of Contents National Historic Preservation Act (“NHPA”) and National Environmental Policy Act (“NEPA”) reviews are expected to conclude shortly before the licensing decision in May 2026. In January 2025, the NRC’s Atomic Safety and Licensing Board (“ASLB”) granted a petition by the Oglala Sioux Tribe (“OST”), Black Hills Clean Water Alliance, and NDN Collective (“Petitioners”) to challenge the license renewal application. enCore has appealed the ASLB’s decision to admit Petitioners as parties to the licensing proceeding, which appeal is currently pending before the NRC. The NRC license remains effective during the pendency of license renewal proceedings. The EPA issued the Class III and Class V Area UIC permits and Aquifer Exemption in 2020. The OST challenged the Class III and Class V UIC permits at EPA’s Environmental Appeals Board (“EAB”) and the Aquifer Exemption in the Eighth Circuit Court of Appeals.  The EAB remanded the Class III and Class V permits to the EPA to supplement the administrative record and the permits were subsequently reissued without change on March 14, 2025. The Petitioners subsequently challenged the reissued permits at the EAB. On September 16, 2025, the Company announced that the EAB denied in full the Petitioners’ challenge against the EPA’s issuance of Class III and Class V UIC permits. The decision upholds, finalizes, and activates all of the Dewey Burdock Project federal permits and allows commencement of state permitting activities in 2026, accelerating the Dewey Brock Project towards development ahead of schedule. The EAB decisions regarding EPA compliance with NHPA and NEPA were favorable rulings and consistent with the 2023 D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals rulings where similar appeals were made by the OST against the NRC Source Material License. The EAB further held that the EPA complied fully with the Safe Drinking Water Act and the Administrative Procedure Act, denying all of the claims asserted in the appeal. Although the Petitioners have appealed the reissued EPA final permits, the permits remain effective and allow enCore to proceed once the state permits are issued. The OST appeal of the EPA Class III and Class V UIC permits is now combined with the appeal of the EPA issuance of the Aquifer Exemption currently pending before the 8th Circuit Court of Appeals. In South Dakota, enCore is advancing work on the major state permits needed to operate the Dewey Burdock Project. The State Engineer had previously recommended approval of the Inyan Kara (#2686-2) and Madison (#2685-2) Water Rights. Based on recent discussions with the Department of Agriculture and Natural Resources (“DANR”), the most appropriate and expeditious path to advance water rights and resume the DANR Water Management Board hearings will be to provide an updated application which is being finalized. Similarly, the Company is also working to advance the DANR Large- Scale Permit to Mine approvals and resume hearings. DANR has recommended conditional approval of the Groundwater Discharge Plan and Large-Scale Permit to Mine. It should be noted that now that the Class V UIC disposal well permit has been issued, enCore has paused advancing the Ground Water Discharge Plan at this time as it is not operationally essential. Mineral Resources Key assumptions for the following Mineral Resource estimates are as follows: • Mineral resources have been estimated based on the use of the ISR extraction method and yellowcake production and are based on 6,394 drill holes; • Average density of 16.0 cubic feet per ton was used, based on historical sample measurements; • Uranium price forecast is based on TradeTech’s Uranium Market Study 2023: Issue 4; and • Price forecast, production costs and an 80% metallurgical recovery were used to estimate mineral resources. Summary of Uranium Mineral Resources at the Dewey Burdock ISR Project as of December 31, 2025 Based on a metal price of $87.05/lb. U 3 O 8 Mineral Resources Tons Avg. GT Avg. Grade (% U 3 O 8 ) Avg. Thickness lbs U 3 O 8 Measured 5,419,779 0.73 0.13% 5.56 14,285,988 Indicated 1,968,443 0.41 0.07% 5.74 2,836,159 Measured and Indicated 7,388,222 0.66 0.12% 5.65 17,122,147 Inferred 645,546 0.32 0.06% 5.87 712,624 Notes: 1. enCore reports mineral reserves and mineral resources separately. Reported mineral resources do not include mineral reserves. 2. The geological model used is based on geological interpretations on section and plan derived from surface drill hole information. 32 Table of Contents 3. Mineral resources have been estimated using a minimum grade-thickness cut-off of 0.20 ft% U 3 O 8 . 4. Mineral resources are estimated based on the use of ISR for mineral extraction. 5. Inferred mineral resources are estimated with a level of sampling sufficient to determine geological continuity but less confidence in grade and geological interpretation such that inferred resources cannot be converted to mineral reserves. There have been no changes to the Dewey Burdock Project Mineral Resource estimates for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. Mining, Processing and Recovery Methods The Company will mine uranium using ISR. An alkaline leach system of carbon dioxide and oxygen will be used as the extracting solution. Bicarbonate, resulting from the addition of carbon dioxide to the extracting solution, will be used as the complexing agent. Oxygen will be added to oxidize the uranium to a soluble +6 valence state. A CPP and satellite will collect and process uranium. The CPP processing circuits will consist of ion exchange, elution, precipitation, de-watering, drying and packaging. The satellite facility will include an IX circuit and a resin transfer system to facilitate transfer of loaded resin by truck from the satellite to the CPP.  The processing method is an industry standard and proven method that is most suitable for uranium processing and recovery. This method also has low environmental impact and results in a high purity product. The CPP will be located on the Burdock property and the satellite will be located at Dewey property. The distance between the two facilities is approximately four miles. Planned Work For 2026, the Company plans to complete significant permitting and license milestones, including the 10 year renewal of the Source Material License, SUA-1600, with the NRC, and the advancement of state approvals of its water rights application and large mine permit.  Since the EPA UIC well permits have been issued, management has decided not to pursue a discharge permit. 33 Table of Contents Gas Hills Project, Natrona Co. and Fremont Counties, Wyoming The Company owns a 100% interest in the Gas Hills Project located in the historic Gas Hills uranium district situated 45 miles east of Riverton, Wyoming. The Gas Hills Project consists of approximately 1,280 surface acres and 12,960 net mineral acres of unpatented lode mining claims, a state of Wyoming mineral lease, and private mineral leases, within a brownfield site which has experienced extensive development including mine and mill site production. The following technical and scientific description of the Gas Hills Project is based in part on the Gas Hills Technical Report Summary. The Gas Hills Technical Report Summary was prepared in accordance with S-K 1300. The Gas Hills Project does not have known “Mineral Reserves” and is therefore considered under SEC S-K 1300 definitions to be an Exploration Stage Property. Property and Operational Overview The Company’s 100% percent owned Gas Hills Uranium Project is located approximately 45 miles east of Riverton, Wyoming in the historic Gas Hills Uranium District. The Gas Hills Project and the Gas Hills Uranium District are located along the southern extent of the Wind River Basin, near the northern edge of the Granite Mountains. The Company’s project properties, including the West Unit, Central Unit, Rock Hill, South Black Mountain, and Jeep properties, consist of 628 unpatented lode mining claims, one state of Wyoming mineral lease, one private mineral lease, and one private surface use agreement. Together the properties encompass approximately 360 surface acres and 12,960 mineral acres.  The properties are located at latitude 42.7295°, longitude -107.6596° in Townships 32 and 33 North, Ranges 89, 90 and 91 West, 6th Principal Meridian, Fremont and Natrona Counties, Wyoming. The U.S. federal government owns the minerals associated with the mining claims, the state of Wyoming owns the minerals and surface associated with the state lease, the South Pass Land and Livestock Company owns the minerals associated with the private mineral lease, and the Philp Sheep Company owns the surface associated with the private surface use agreement. The BLM manages the claims on behalf of the US federal government. The mining claims, State lease, and private mineral lease were assembled by Strathmore Resources (US) Ltd. (Strathmore) between April 2006 and September 2012 and sold to UColo on October 31, 2016. Title has remained in UColo’s name since that date and UColo is a subsidiary of the Company through Azarga Uranium’s acquisition of URZ (the parent company of UColo) in July 2018. The surface use agreement was entered into by UColo effective July 7, 2023. 34 Table of Contents Ownership In addition to the Gas Hills Project, the transaction included Strathmore’s claims and state mineral leases for the Juniper Ridge and Shirley Basin Properties. St ate of Wyoming Lease Strathmore entered into a ten-year lease with the State of Wyoming for Mineral Lease #0-42121 on April 2, 2007. The lease was subsequently transferred by Assignment from Strathmore to UColo on October 31, 2016. UColo renewed the lease before its 10-year expiration, extending the lease an additional ten years to April 1, 2027. The lease can be renewed, at UColo’s option, for unlimited additional 10-year periods as long as the terms and conditions of the lease have been met up to the time of applying to the State of Wyoming for renewal. The lease encompasses approximately 320 surface acres and 320 mineral acres in the NE¼, N½NW¼, and E½SE¼ of Section 36, Township 33 North, Range 90 West, 6th Principal Meridian, Fremont County, Wyoming. The lease grants to the State a royalty of 4% of the gross selling price of U3O8 or $5.00 per leased acre per year, whichever is more. No mineral resources discussed in this Annual Report are located on this lease. Private Mineral Lease Strathmore entered into a private mineral lease with South Pass Land and Livestock Company on July 28, 2010, for rights to minerals on the following two parcels of land: 40 mineral acres in the Jeep area in the SE¼ of Section 32, Township 32 North, Range 91 West, 6th Principal Meridian, Fremont County, Wyoming and 40 mineral acres in the West Unit area in the SW¼ of Section 19, Township 32 North, Range 90 West, 6th Principal Meridian, Fremont County, Wyoming. The mineral lease was transferred by Assignment and Assumption of Mineral Lease from Strathmore to UColo on October 31, 2016. UColo exercised its option to renew the lease for an additional 10 years in July 2020, by making the required payment. Unlimited 10-year renewals are available at UColo’s option for additional payments. The lease grants a 5% net proceeds royalty to the owner of the mineral properties. The surface is owned separately from South Pass Land and Livestock Company. An agreement for surface access at the West Unit is described below. Presently, there is no agreement for surface access at the Jeep parcel. Private Surface Use Agreement UColo entered into a private surface use and access agreement with Philp Sheep Company on July 7, 2023, to access and use approximately 40 surface acres in the West Unit located in the SW1/4 of Section 19, Township 32 North, Range 90 West, 6th Principal Meridian, Fremont County, Wyoming. The agreement allows exploring, prospecting, drilling, constructing, and plugging and abandoning up to 10 exploratory boreholes on the parcel. Access to Section 19 is provided across the SW¼ of Section 13, Township 32 North, Range 91 West, 6th Principal Meridian, Fremont County, Wyoming under the agreement. The term of the agreement is through November 7, 2026. Philp Sheep Company does not own the minerals in the parcel covered by the agreement. The minerals are owned by the South Pass Land and Livestock Company described above. A 5% net proceeds royalty applies to 172 of the 628 claims as follows: • A net proceeds royalty of 5% on 155 claims was granted by Quit Claim Deed from Strathmore to Elmhurst Financial Group, Inc. on October 31, 2007. One of the claims was relinquished during Strathmore’s ownership. The surviving 154 claims were sold to UColo and remain subject to the 5% net proceeds royalty. • A 5% net proceeds royalty was granted by assignment from Strathmore to Blue Rock, on nine full claims and on the southern 720 feet of nine additional claims. The 18 claims were sold to UColo and remain subject to the 5% net proceeds royalty. • The other 456 claims are not subject to royalties or other encumbrances. UColo has the possessory right to explore, develop and produce from the unpatented lode mining claim areas and must pay an annual maintenance fee to the BLM of $200.00 per claim on or before September 1 each year. Surface use at the location of the mining claims on BLM lands is allowed subject to Title 43 of the US Code of Federal Regulations Subpart 3809 and requires permitting by both the BLM and the State of Wyoming Department of Environmental Quality, Land Quality Division “WDEQ-LQD”. 35 Table of Contents Infrastructure Extensive production in Wyoming of minerals (coal, trona, uranium) and oil/gas has provide a highly skilled labor force in the region. Population centers within two hours of the Gas Hills Project include Casper, Riverton, Lander, and Rawlins, where equipment and supplies may be obtained. Paved roads from these towns and cities extend to the edge of the Gas Hills Project area. Access and haul roads within the Project are graded gravel and are maintained by the State, County, and mining companies operating in the area. Functioning power lines, natural gas lines, telephone lines, and fiber optic cable are present on and near enCore’s properties. Several wells producing water for domestic and industrial use are also on or close to enCore’s properties. Total capital cost estimates are $120.2 million for the Gas Hills Project, which includes design and permitting, CPP, disposal well, wellfields and transfer pipeline construction and other general and administrative costs. Geology, Mineralization and Deposit In the Gas Hills Uranium District, (“Gas Hills”), lower Tertiary rocks unconformably overlie folded and faulted Mesozoic and older rocks (Figure 7.3). The Wind River Formation is conformably overlain by tuffaceous sandstones of the Eocene Wagon Bed Formation. The Puddle Springs Arkose member of the Wind River Formation is the host rock for the uranium deposits at the Gas Hills Project. It consists of poorly consolidated arkosic sandstone and conglomerate with thin discontinuous interbeds of mudstone. The Puddle Springs arkose was deposited rapidly by northward-flowing braided streams to form coalescing piedmont alluvial fans. Drilling in the west Gas Hills indicates that the favorable arkosic sandstone grades into unfavorable silty facies. A local sandstone facies has been found within the silty facies, and a small area containing uranium (Jeep deposit) has been found in the sandstone facies. Thus, the favorable host for mineralization in the above-mentioned deposits is bounded on the north by an erosional pinch out; on the east by a change of facies to an unfavorable silty sandstone host; on the south by a subsurface onlap pinch out; and on the west by change of facies to an unfavorable silty sandstone host. Uranium mineralization in the Gas Hills is present in bodies usually referred to as “rolls”. In vertical cross section they are irregularly crescent or “C” shaped. Rolls are the result of oxidized and soluble uranium being transported by ground water to a location within a permeable sandstone host where a reaction within a reducing environment occurs and insoluble reduced, uranium minerals are deposited. The contact between oxidized and reduced conditions is the “roll front”. Uranium deposits in the Gas Hills were formed by the classic Wyoming-type roll-fronts. Roll-fronts are irregular in shape, roughly tabular and elongated, and range from thin pods and a few feet in width and length, to bodies several hundred or thousands of feet in length. The deposits are roughly parallel to the enclosing beds but may form rolls that cut across bedding. Roll-front deposits are typified by a C-shaped morphology in which the outside of the C extends down-gradient in the direction of historic groundwater flow and the tails extend up-gradient of historic groundwater flow. Tails are typically caught up in the finer sand and silt deposits that grade into over and underlying mudstones, whereas the heart of the roll-front (higher grade mineralization) lies within the more porous and permeable sandstones toward the middle of the fluvial deposits. History The Gas Hills was one of the major uranium mining and production regions in the United States. Between 1953 and 1988, many companies explored, developed and produced uranium in the area, including in the Gas Hills Project area. Three uranium mills operated in the district and two others nearby were also fed by ore mined from Gas Hills. Cumulative production from the Gas Hills is in excess of 100 million lbs of uranium, mainly from open-pit mining, but also from underground mining and ISR. Mine production did occur adjacent to and in the vicinity of the Gas Hills Project; however, the areas for which mineral resources are defined are unmined. The last mill production in the Gas Hills occurred in 1988 and extensive mill site and mine reclamation occurred from the late 1980s to now. However, Wyoming remains the largest current uranium producer in the United States and there are numerous uranium projects in the state. More than 100,000 exploration and development holes were drilled in the Gas Hills from the mid-1950s to the mid-1980s. Since 1990, a few hundred drill holes have been drilled, nearly all by Strathmore and Cameco. 36 Table of Contents Permitting and Licensing Prior to significant construction and mining, several permits/licenses from federal, state, and local agencies will be required as follows: Federal • EPA – Aquifer Exemption for UIC Class III wells and UIC Class I disposal wells (as necessary) and Subpart W Pond Construction Permit for the holding pond. • BLM – Environmental Assessment (EA) and Approval of the Plan of Operations. State • Wyoming Department of Environmental Quality Uranium Recovery Program “WDEQ-URP” – Source and Byproduct Material License. • WDEQ-LQD – Permit to Mine. • WDEQ Water Quality Division – UIC Class I Permit for deep well injection of wastewater generated from wellfield bleed and other plant processes, and Storm Water Discharge Permit which allows for surface discharge of storm water. • WDEQ-Air Quality Division – Air Quality Division, Chapter 6, Section 2, New Source Permit Authorization to Construct. • Wyoming State Engineer’s Office “SEO” – Various groundwater appropriation permits for ISR of uranium. Local • Fremont County Septic system. Since a large portion of the project lies over federal surface, the BLM will complete the National Environmental Protection Act (“NEPA”) analysis for this project which will be required to approve the BLM Plan of Operation. Since the footprint of this project is less than 640 acres, BLM regulations indicate that the NEPA analysis should be an Environmental Assessment level review. Should BLM decide to pursue a full Environmental Impact Statement a much more detailed analysis of potential project impacts will be required at the Gas Hills Project. WDEQ-URP license preparation and review process will take approximately two years to complete. The review will include an opportunity for public comment. WDEQ-LQD, will review the permit to mine application pursuant to Noncoal Chapter 11 Rules and Regulations and will provide opportunities for public comment. The LQD review will also likely take about two years which will happen in parallel with the URP review. Following permit to mine approval, an aquifer exemption from the EPA Region 8 will be requested. The EPA will review the LQD’s request against UIC Program requirements found in 40 CFR Parts 144 and 146 to ensure compliance. If the EPA determines the operation will be in compliance, the agency will issue an aquifer exemption which allows mining within a defined portion of the uranium host aquifer. Mineral Resources The mineral resource estimates are based on radiometric equivalent uranium grades % eU 3 O 8 . A minimum 0.02% U 3 O 8 , minimum 1.0-foot thickness, and minimum GT of 0.10 was used in the estimations along with a bulk dry density of 16 cubic feet per ton. Resources were estimated using the GT contour method, which is industry standard for this type of deposit. The GT was determined for each drill hole by major stratigraphic horizon, then the GT was summed separately for each mineralized sub-horizon for intercepts meeting the cutoff criteria. Contours were drawn in two-dimensional space around horizon intercepts, allowing projection up to 100 feet across a mineralized trend and up to 600 feet along the mineralized trend. Average GT for each contour was calculated one of two ways depending on if the contour was the highest GT contour or if it contained another, higher GT contour. If the contour was the highest GT contour, all GT values within the contour were averaged, then averaged with the value of that GT contour. If the contour contained another higher contour, the average GT was the average of the upper and lower GT contour values. Pounds of uranium for each contour were calculated by multiplying the contour area by GT for the contour and applying the conversion constant and dividing by bulk density factor ((Area x Avg GT x 20)/16 = Pounds). Tonnage was calculated by multiplying composited contour thickness by contour area to get cubic feet, then converting to tonnage by applying the density factor (Thickness x Area/16). The 0.10 GT base case cutoff was selected by meeting economic criteria for both ISR and open pit/heap leach methods differentiated on the relative location to the water table. Resources labeled “ISR” meet the criteria of being sufficiently 37 Table of Contents below the water table to be amenable by ISR methods and as well as also meeting other hydrogeological criteria. “Non-ISR” resources include those generally above the natural water table, which would typically be mined using open pit methods. Mineral resources were classified as measured, indicated, and inferred based on the distance to the nearest drilling intercept to measure drilling density. To be classified as measured resources, the contour must fall within 100 feet of a mineralized drill hole intercept in that horizon. Indicated resources must fall between 100 and 250 feet from the nearest mineralized intercept in that horizon. Inferred resources must be within 600 feet of a mineralized intercept in that horizon. The GT contours were divided and classified based on area contained within each of the distance boundaries from drill hole intercepts. After classifying resources based on distance from drilling, further consideration was given to applicable mining methods for each pod. Reclassification of resource was determined based on local water table levels at each resource pod and the level of detail of hydrogeologic understanding. As of December 31, 2025, only the Central Unit has had groundwater flow modeling completed. All other ISR resources which met the measured criteria for ISR drilling density were classified as indicated resource until more detailed hydrologic studies to support ISR are conducted on these resource areas. The cutoff used for mineral resource classification was a minimum 0.02% eU3O8, minimum 1.0-foot thickness, and minimum 0.10 GT. These criteria were determined to meet the criteria for “reasonable prospects for economic extraction” for both ISR and open pit heap/leach mining methods. The GT cutoff of 0.10 GT is also consistent with previous historic resource estimation in the area. The average grade of ISR resources in this estimate at a 0.10 GT cutoff met economic criteria for ISR extraction. When drawing GT contours, the maximum allowable GT was set at 7.0. Any drilling intercept with a higher GT was included in the 7.0 GT contour and assigned that value. 38 Table of Contents Measured and Indicated Mineral Resource Summary as of December 31, 2025: (Based on a metal price of $87.00/lb. U 3 O 8) Pounds Tons Average Grade Average Grade % Average Thickness Average GT GT cutoff Measured 2,051,000 994,000 0.10 % 5.35 0.55 Indicated 8,713,000 6,031,000 0.07 % 6.13 0.44 Total Measured and Indicated 10,764,000 7,025,000 0.08 % 6.05 0.46 ISR Only (GT cutoff 0.10) Measured 2,051,000 994,000 0.10 % 5.35 0.55 Indicated 5,654,000 2,835,000 0.10 % 4.92 0.49 Total Measured and Indicated 7,705,000 3,829,000 0.10 % 4.99 0.50 Non -ISR Only (GT cutoff 0.10) Indicated 3,059,000 3,196,000 0.05 % 8.60 0.41 Total Measured and Indicated 3,059,000 3,196,000 0.05 % 8.60 0.41 Notes: 1. Mineral resources as defined in 17 CFR § 229.1300. 2. All ISR only resources occur below the static water table. 3. The point of reference for mineral resources is in-situ at the Gas Hills Project. 4. Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. 5. An 80% metallurgical recovery factor was considered for the purposes of the economic analysis. 6. Totals may not sum due to rounding. Inferred Mineral Resource Summary as of December 31, 2025: Based on a metal price of $87.00/lb. U 3 O 8 Pounds Tons Average Grade Average Grade % Average Thickness Average GT GT cutoff 0.10) Inferred 490,000 514,000 0.05 % 6.16 0.29 ISR Only (GT cutoff 0.10) Inferred 428,000 409,000 0.05 % 5.94 0.31 Non -ISR Only (GT cutoff 0.10) Inferred 62,000 105,000 0.03 % 7.01 0.21 Notes: 1. Mineral resources as defined in 17 CFR § 229.1300. 2. All ISR only resources occur below the static water table. 3. The point of reference for mineral resources is in-situ at the Gas Hills Project. 4. Mineral resources are not mineral reserves and do not have demonstrated economic viability. 5. Totals may not sum due to rounding. There have been no changes to the Gas Hills Project Mineral Resource estimates for the year ended December 31, 2025 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2024. Mining, Processing and Recovery Methods enCore plans to use the ISR mining technique with a low pH lixiviant at the Project. Gas Hills was one of the major uranium mining and production regions in the USA with cumulative production in excess of 100 million pounds of uranium, mainly from open-pit mining, but also from underground and ISR mining methods. This historical production demonstrated the host Wind River Formation sandstones and the hydrological conditions to be suitable for ISR production. ISR is employed because this technique allows for the low cost and effective recovery of roll front mineralization. An additional benefit is that ISR is relatively environmentally benign when compared to conventional open pit or underground recovery techniques. ISR does not require the installation of tailings facilities or require significant surface disturbance. ISR operations consist of four major solution circuits, ion exchange to extract uranium from the mining solution, an elution circuit to remove uranium from the IX resin, a yellowcake precipitation circuit, and a dewatering, drying, and packaging circuit. 39 Table of Contents Planned Work In 2026, the Company plans to complete environmental data collection necessary to prepare an application for a source material license and a permit to mine with the State of Wyoming. Additionally, the Company expects to begin preliminary work on an application for a plan of operations from the BLM. Quality Assurance and Quality Control Program STX Integrated Project Signal Equities, LLC (“Signal Equities”), had written procedures for the collection of drill data including lithological logging, natural gamma logging, PFN logging, and also for data entry into databases and GIS. All drill hole data are now maintained at enCore’s corporate office in Corpus Christi, Texas.  For the initial exploration of the Brevard and Brown properties, Signal Equities previously had written procedures for the collection of drill data including lithological logging, natural gamma logging, and PFN logging, and also for data entry into databases and GIS. All data were stored on a secure server at the Signal Equities corporate office in New Braunfels, TX, with a full copy backup at a secure off-site contract data storage facility. enCore has since acquired and retains all data collected by Signal Equities. For the South Texas Technical Report Summary and related Mineral Resource estimates, the QP reviewed PFN logs, gamma logs and drilling records for each drill hole used to calculate mineral resources. The QP corrected errors that were identified in the previous owner’s PFN calibration calculations and grade calculations using the raw logging data and known constants such as hole diameter and published DOE test pit grade values. Using the carefully verified and corrected data, the QP checked the GT contour and GIS data provided by enCore. Approximately 75% of all the drill hole data used to prepare the mineral resource estimate were validated by checking the corresponding PFN logs. Alta Mesa and Mesteña Grande Projects enCore maintains written standard operating procedures for drilling, lithological logging and geophysical logging. Virtually all drilling completed by enCore for the purposes of exploring and resource development consists of rotary drilling. enCore collected rotary mud samples for lithological logging by 5-foot increments. Lithological logs of the samples are completed in the field by geologists following the standard written procedures and using standard lithological log forms. Drill hole locations are staked in the field using a Trimble hand-held GPS capable of sub-meter accuracy. The holes are surveyed prior to drilling. Field surveys of 8 exploration drill holes and one well with the Alta Mesa GPS unit as a check. The well location was within 0.13 feet of the recorded location. The drill hole locations deviated from the reported location by 1.33 to 11.28 feet with an average variance of 6.06 feet. It is this author’s conclusion that the majority of the variance is due to the driller not accurately locating the drill hole at the staked location rather than the accuracy of the GPS unit, and thus, recommends that the drill hole location procedure be modified to include both pre and post drilling surveys of the drill holes. Past drilling practices were conducted in accordance with industry standard procedures and the most recent drilling conducted by enCore, confirmed historical drill results in previously intersected mineralization for thickness, grade and location. Sample Preparation, Analysis, and Security Sample Methods Samples are collected from drill holes for drill cuttings, down hole geophysics and core samples. Cores are the only samples that are prepared and dispatched to an analytical or testing laboratory. Cuttings and geophysical data are prepared and analyzed in house. Sampling, sample preparation and security are described in the following sections. Down Hole Geophysical Data Continuous measurement of down hole geophysical properties is measured from total hole depth to surface. Geophysical data is collected using logging probes equipped with gamma, resistivity, SP, PFN and down hole survey logging tools. This suite of logs is ideal for defining lithologic units in the subsurface. The resistivity and spontaneous potential tools are used to define lithology by qualitative measurements of water conductivities. The gamma tool provides an indirect measurement of uranium content. Gamma radiation is measured in one-tenth foot intervals and converted to gamma ray readings measured in counts-per-second into %-eU 3 O 8 . Equivalent percent uranium grades are reported in one-half foot increments. 40 Table of Contents The PFN tool provides a direct measurement of uranium around the borehole. The pulsed neutrons sources electronically generate neutrons which causes fission of U235 in the formation. Tool detectors count epithermal and thermal neutrons returning from the formation providing a direct measurement of formation uranium content. Drill holes are also down hole surveyed measuring deviation by azimuth and declination, providing a holes true bottom location and depth. enCore samples all drill holes with gamma, resistivity, spontaneous potential and down hole survey. Due to cost and time, enCore only PFN samples mineralized intervals with gamma measured grades above 0.02 %-eU 3 O 8 . To ensure geophysical data quality control, tools are calibrated at a Department of Energy test pit in George West, Texas. PFN tools are calibrated using onsite test pits. Test pits have known uranium source concentration and using industry calibration procedures tools are calibrated, to ensure consistent measurement and reporting of uranium concentrations from US deposits. Drill Cuttings Drill cuttings are collected at 5-foot intervals while drilling. Samples are arranged on the ground in order of depth to show changes in lithology and color. Lithology and color are recorded on a lithology log for entire hole depth. Particular attention is paid to color in the mineralized sand to assess oxidation/reduction potential. Cuttings are not chemically assayed as drilling mud will contaminate samples and precise sample location or depth cannot be determined from cuttings. Core Samples Core samples are collected to conduct chemical analyses, metallurgical testing, and testing of physical parameters of lithologic units. Retrieved cores are measured to determine core recovery. Cores are also washed, photographed and described. In preparation for laboratory analysis, to maintain moisture content and prevent oxidation, core is wrapped in plastic, boxed and frozen or iced. Laboratory Analysis When core is collected in the field, it is immediately rinsed, measured for length, split in half and photographed. One half of the core is sampled in 1-foot increments and either wrapped in plastic or vacuum sealed to maintain moisture content and prevent oxidation, boxed, frozen or iced and transferred to an analytical or testing laboratory. The other half of core is split into quarters. One quarter is preserved as previously described, and the other quarter is used to describe lithologic characteristics (i.e., lithology, color, grain size and fraction). Core preserved for testing is used for leach amenability determination. Leach amenability studies are intended to demonstrate that the uranium mineralization is capable of being leached and determination of the optimal mining lixiviant chemistry. Typically, sodium bicarbonate is used as the source for a carbonate complexing agent to form uranyldicarbonate (UDC) or uranyltricarbonate ion (UTC), and Oxygen or Hydrogen peroxide are used as the uranium-oxidizing agent. Tests are not designed to approximate in-situ conditions (permeability, porosity, pressure) but are an indication of an ore’s reaction rate and potential uranium recovery. enCore adheres to security measures using Chain of Custody procedures to ensure the validity and integrity of samples through the analysis process. enCore may sample and transfer duplicate samples to assess reliability and precision of analytical results for quality control of sample collection or laboratory analysis procedures. Core samples are submitted to an analytical or testing laboratory that is certified through the National Environmental Laboratory Accreditation Program, which establishes and promotes mutually acceptable performance standards for the operation of environmental laboratories. The standards address analytical testing, with state and federal agencies and serve as accrediting authorities with coordination facilitated by the EPA to assure uniformity. Dewey-Burdock Project Past drilling practices were conducted in accordance with industry standard procedures and the most recent drilling conducted by Powertech, confirmed historical drill results in previously intersected mineralization for thickness, grade and location. The QP of the Dewey Burdock Technical Report Summary is knowledgeable of the 2007 and 2008 work and technical participants who were responsible for the work. 41 Table of Contents Data Verification Numerous companies have worked on the Dewey Burdock Project since the 1950’s and as a result numerous data sets of different vintages exist. enCore has a nearly complete data set for the Project. The QP reviewed geophysical, core and hydrogeologic technical data. Technical data is stored in digital format for geologic interpretation and modeling. The QP also reviewed geologic interpretations and the resultant models, in the form of cross-sections, isopach and structural maps, and uranium roll front deposit models. The work done by enCore and previous operators to verify historical records does validate Dewey-Burdock Project information. Data are available for over 6,300 drill holes and for approximately 24% of the holes, enCore does not have the actual geophysical logs. The company does have collar location and mineralization data, for all holes, and has used data from surrounding holes to verify data for holes with missing geophysical logs. Considering drilling density, enCore’s approach to data verification is a reasonable means to confirm data validity; however, not having data in hand does limit knowledge of precise location of down hole information. Gas Hills Project For 2011 and 2012, drilling security practices involved: awareness of chain-of-custody issues, limited access to logging tools through locked storage as approved by the NRC, and continuing calibration of logging tools to assure that no tampering has occurred. All drill hole samples were in locked storage until sent out for laboratory testing. Drill cutting samples were generally not preserved and it was typical for the mine operators to assay drill samples at their on-site laboratories. Data Verification Data sources reviewed for the estimation of uranium mineral resources for the Gas Hills Project include radiometric equivalent data (eU 3 O 8 ) for 4,570 drill holes (4,056 pre-2007), eU3O8 data and PFN assay data for 272 drill holes completed from 2007 to 2013, and eU 3 O 8 and core data for one core hole completed in 2024. For the 2011-2012, drilling programs, down hole geophysical logging using the PFN tool was completed with Strathmore’s PFN logging truck and independently confirmed by GAA Wireline Services. Extensive verification work was previously completed for holes drilled pre-2007 in the 2017 mineral estimate. The Mineral Reserves estimate for the Gas Hills Project used the results of the 2007 to 2013 drilling as part of the verification procedures on the pre-2007 drilling. Non-Material Properties The Company holds a number of other Exploration Stage Properties that the Company has determined are not material to its business. In total the properties total an aggregate of approximately 360,000 acres of mineral claims, mineral leases, and fee minerals: • Metamin Properties, Arizona, Utah and Wyoming . Through its subsidiary Metamin Enterprises US Inc. (“MEUS”), the Company holds various prospective uranium mining properties located in the States of Arizona, Utah and Wyoming. • Kingsville Dome, Texas. The Kingsville Dome property is located in Kleberg County and is situated on several tracts of land leased from third parties. The property is situated approximately eight miles southeast of the city of Kingsville. The project is comprised of numerous mineral leases from private landowners, covering an area of approximately 2,434 gross and 2,227 net acres of mineral rights. The Kingsville Dome CPP is a licensed ISR production facility located on 15 acres of Company-owned property. • Vasquez Project, Texas. The Vasquez project is located in Duval County. The Vasquez property consists of a mineral lease on 1,023 gross and net acres. • Dewey Terrace Project, Wyoming. This project consists of approximately 1,874 acres of surface rights and approximately 7,514 acres of net mineral rights. The Dewey Terrace Project is located adjacent to the Dewey Burdock Project. 42 Table of Contents • Juniper Ridge Project, Wyoming . The Juniper Ridge project in Carbon County consists of approximately 640 surface acres and 3,240 net mineral acres of unpatented lode mining claims and a State of Wyoming mineral lease and is located within a brownfield site which has experienced extensive exploration, development, and mine production. • Centennial Project, Colorado. The Centennial Project in Weld County is comprised of approximately 523.21 acres of surface rights and 237.09 acres of net mineral rights.  Approximately 5,760 acres of minerals rights were conveyed back to Anadarko Petroleum Corporation by Special Warranty Deed in January 2025, significantly reducing the project size. The Company intends to allow current leases to expire, and maintain existing mineral rights currently owned by the Company in fee. • Aladdin Project, Wyoming. The Aladdin Project is comprised of private leases that cover approximately 5,166 acres of surface rights and 4,712 acres of net mineral rights. The Aladdin Project is 80 miles northwest of the Dewey Burdock Project. • Tacubaya Project, Texas. The Company holds over 5,900 acres of private land consisting of mineral and surface leases located immediately adjacent to, and east of, the Alta Mesa Project. • Other Properties: The Company holds the Shirley Basin Project in Wyoming the JB Project in Colorado and Utah, and the Ticaboo project in Utah which covers over 20,000 acres of private land. 43 Table of Contents Seasonality The timing of our uranium concentrate sales are dependent upon factors such as extraction results from our uranium recovery activities, cash requirements, contractual requirements and perception of the uranium market. As a result, our sales are neither tied to nor dependent upon any particular season. In addition, our ability to extract and process uranium does not change on a seasonal basis. Sustainability Principle s The long-term success of enCore requires the integration of sustainability into all aspects of its business. The Company announced on October 21, 2024, the release of its inaugural Sustainability Report , which is maintained on the Company’s website, at www.encoreuranium.com. Land Tenure The Company’s land holdings in the United States are held either by leases from the fee simple owners (private parties or the State) or unpatented mining claims located on property owned and managed by the U.S. Federal Government. Annual fees must be paid to maintain unpatented mining claims, but work expenditures are not required. Holders of unpatented mining claims are generally granted surface access to conduct mineral exploration and extraction activities. However, additional permits and plans are generally required prior to conducting exploration or mining activities on such claims. Government and Environmental Regulations Government Regulations The Company’s properties and facilities are subject to extensive laws and regulations which are overseen and enforced by multiple federal, state and local authorities. These laws govern exploration, construction, extraction, recovery, processing, exports, various taxes, labor standards, occupational health and safety, waste disposal, protection and remediation of the environment, protection of endangered and protected species, toxic and hazardous substances, and other matters. Uranium minerals exploration, extraction, recovery, and processing are also subject to risks and liabilities associated with the perceived potential for impacts to the environment and disposal of waste products occurring as a result of such activities. Compliance with these laws and regulations may impose substantial costs on the Company and may subject the Company to significant potential liabilities. Changes in these regulations or changes in regulatory attitudes or interpretations could require the Company to expend significant resources to comply with new laws or regulations, attitudes or interpretations relating thereto, or changes to current requirements and could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business operations. However, compliance with government regulations generally, including but not limited to environmental regulations, is an integral part of the Company’s day-to-day business and impacts virtually all the Company’s capital expenditure and operating decisions at its facilities, as the Company’s facilities and operations must comply with this extensive array of environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. The costs of compliance with these laws and regulations are therefore well understood and assumed by the Company in all its capital budgeting decisions, project analyses and cost and earnings projections. As all of the Company’s competitors in the uranium mining industry in the United States face the same or similar regulatory requirements, the Company does not believe its need to comply with this extensive array of laws and regulations materially affects the Company’s competitive position within the U.S. uranium mining industry. Environmental Regulations Our operations where exploration, development and operations are taking place, are subject to extensive laws and regulations which are overseen and enforced by multiple federal, state and local authorities. These laws and regulations govern exploration, development, various taxes, labor standards, occupational health and safety including radiation safety, waste disposal, underground source of drinking water, protection and remediation of the environment, protection of endangered and protected species, toxic and hazardous substances and other matters. Uranium minerals exploration is also subject to risks and liabilities associated with pollution of the environment and disposal of waste products occurring as a result of mineral exploration. Compliance with these laws and regulations imposes substantial costs on us and may subject us to significant potential liabilities or impacts on operations or project development. Changes in these regulations could require us to expend significant resources to comply with new laws or regulations or changes to current requirements and could have a material 44 Table of Contents adverse effect on our business operations. Compliance with all current regulations, including but not limited to the environmental and safety regulatory schemes, is an integral part of our day-to-day business, management and staff commitment and expenditures. The costs attendant to compliance are understood and routinely budgeted and are generally comparable to those of other U.S. uranium companies and other natural resources companies in the United States and Canada. It should be noted that environmental protections and regulatory oversight thereof vary significantly outside North America, particularly in Kazakhstan and Russia, where state-owned enterprises operate with only limited regulatory oversight related to environmental and worker safety. Mineral exploration and development activities, as well as our uranium recovery operations, are subject to comprehensive regulations which may cause substantial delays, restrictions or require capital outlays in excess of those anticipated, causing an adverse effect on our business operations. Mineral exploration operations are also subject to federal and state laws and regulations that seek to maintain health and safety standards. Various permits from government bodies are required for drilling operations to be conducted; no assurance can be given that such permits will be received. Environmental standards imposed by federal and state authorities may be changed and any such changes may have material adverse effects on our activities. Mineral recovery operations are subject to federal and state laws relating to the protection of the environment, including laws regulating removal of natural resources from the ground and the discharge of materials into the environment. The posting of a performance bond and the costs associated with our permitting and licensing activities require a substantial budget and ongoing cash commitments. In addition to pursuing ongoing permitting and licensure for new projects and additions to our existing projects, these expenditures include ongoing monitoring (e.g., wildlife, groundwater and effluent monitoring) and other activities to ensure regulatory and legal compliance, as well as compliance with our permits and licenses. We believe that we comply in all material respects with all federal, state and local applicable laws and regulations which govern environmental quality and pollution control. The appropriate regulatory agencies do conduct routine and regular inspections of activities by the Company at all of its operating and past operating sites, and to date, the Company has not been notified of any material non-compliance that would require any form of financial penalty or operating restriction. Licenses and Permits In Texas, the TCEQ regulates uranium recovery and issues the necessary licenses and permits. A Radioactive Material License issued by TCEQ covers the Rosita, Kingsville Dome and Vasquez projects, and it was renewed in October 2025. Each site also has Class I non-hazardous injection permits for operation of waste disposal wells on site, which are also regulated by the TCEQ. All permits for the disposal wells are active. The Rosita Project includes four TCEQ PAAs. Production areas 1 and 2 are depleted, and groundwater restoration has been completed to regulatory standards. Production areas 3 has been partially depleted by previous uranium extraction operations that were shut in in 2008. Production Area 5 is currently undergoing groundwater restoration. In 2013, enCore completed the final phase of TCEQ required stabilization in production areas 1 and 2. The Alta Mesa Project is a fully licensed and constructed ISR project. The current RML and Class III UIC Permit are in timely renewal. Production Areas 1 through 4 have been depleted and the groundwater in Production Area 1 has been restored. Production Areas 5 and 6 have been partially extracted and will be restarted with future extraction operations. Production Area 7 is currently undergoing uranium extraction operations. The Alta Mesa Project has two fully permitted Class I non-hazardous injection permits for the operation of two disposal wells on site. The Company’s Upper Spring Creek – Brown Uranium Project is currently partially permitted. It currently has an aquifer exemption and a Class III Underground Injection Control Permit. Air Emissions Our operations are subject to local, state and federal regulations for the control of emissions of air pollution. Major sources of air pollutants are subject to more stringent, federally imposed permitting requirements. Administrative enforcement actions for failure to comply strictly with air pollution regulations or permits are generally resolved by payment of monetary fines and correction of any identified deficiencies. Alternatively, regulatory agencies could require us to forego construction, modification or operation of certain air emission sources. In Texas, the TCEQ issues an exemption for those processes that meet the criteria for low to zero emission by issuing a permit by rule. 45 Table of Contents Water Management We commit our management team, employees and contractors to be good stewards of the water it utilizes in all parts of its operations. From exploration to restoration, water is the critical factor for ISR projects and responsibly managing that water is crucial to our business. At all our ISR projects the ore hosted groundwater does not meet either primary or secondary drinking water standards and should only be used for industrial or agricultural use without proper treatment. Water consumption at our ISR projects is natural groundwater. During the recovery process, water is pumped from the ore hosted aquifer and piped to the satellite facility. The groundwater is filtered for solids, stripped of uranium, and then largely re-injected or recirculated back into the same aquifer it was recovered from. This recycling process is an advantage of ISR extraction compared to other methods such as conventional or open pit mining operations that may require significant groundwater de-watering to facilitate safe mining. In order to ensure appropriate water management, and to ensure our team can continuously make decisions to reduce our water usage, we closely monitor our water consumption. We are identifying ways to reduce water consumption on an ongoing basis. Compliance with the Clean Water Act The Clean Water Act (“CWA”) imposes restrictions and strict controls regarding the discharge of wastes, including mineral processing wastes, into waters of the United States; a term broadly defined. Permits must be obtained to discharge pollutants into federal waters. The CWA provides for civil, criminal and administrative penalties for unauthorized discharges of hazardous substances and other pollutants. It imposes substantial potential liability for the costs of removal or remediation associated with discharges of oil or hazardous substances. State laws governing discharges to water also provide varying civil, criminal and administrative penalties and impose liabilities in the case of a discharge of petroleum or its derivatives, or other hazardous substances, into state waters. In addition, the EPA has promulgated regulations that may require us to obtain permits to discharge storm water runoff. Management believes that we are in substantial compliance with current applicable environmental laws and regulations. The Company has no discharges that are regulated by the CWA at any of its current and planned operations. Smaller Reporting Company Status We are a “smaller reporting company” as defined in Regulation S-K under the Securities Act and may elect to take advantage of certain of the scaled disclosures available to smaller reporting companies. 46 Table of Contents

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, which, in some cases, may be thinly capitalized and disproportionately affected by any loss of business, downturn in the energy industry, supply chain disruptions, or reduction or availability of credit. The failure of one or more third-party suppliers, manufacturers or service providers to provide equipment, components, parts or services, whether due to capacity constraints, labor shortages or other labor-related difficulties, production or delivery disruptions, price increases, quality control issues, recalls or other decreased availability of parts and equipment, is beyond our control and could materially disrupt our operations or result in the delay, renegotiation or cancellation of drilling contracts, thereby causing a loss of contract drilling backlog and/or revenues to us, as well as an increase in operating costs. If we are not able to effectively manage these disruptions and delays in the future, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 54 Table of Contents No assurance can be given that estimates of commodity prices used in preliminary economic assessments will actually be realized. The estimates of uranium prices used in S-K 1300 technical reports are based on conditions prevailing at the time of the writing of such reports. Conditions can change significantly over relatively short periods of time and, as such, there can be no assurance that the estimates of the price of uranium used in the S-K 1300 technical reports will actually be realized. Changes in the uranium price could have a significant impact on the viability of enCore’s mineral projects and an adverse impact on enCore’s future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition. Projects may not advance or achieve production if key permits are not obtained or retained. The advancement of mineral properties through exploration to commercial operation normally requires securing and maintaining key permits and/or licenses (collectively, the “permits”) from regulatory or governmental authorities. While enCore puts its reasonable best efforts into securing the permits necessary to advance its properties according to the policies and guidelines applicable to each permit, approval of permits rests solely with the governing agency and is outside of enCore’s control.  In addition to the statutory and regulatory processes, there are other intangible factors, such as limited agency staffing due to budgetary constraints and staff turnover and government shutdowns that can impact permit reviews and approvals. The requirements for obtaining a RML for the Company’s mineral properties in the United States allows for public participation. Third parties may object to the issuance of RMLs and/or permits required by the Company, which may significantly delay the Company’s ability to obtain an RML and/or permit. Also, insufficient or insufficiently trained staff at regulatory agencies or government shutdowns may delay the issuance of required permits. Generally, public objections can be overcome through the procedures set forth in the applicable permitting legislation; however, significant financial resources and managerial resources are required through this process. In addition, the various regulatory agencies must allow and fully consider the public objections/comments according to such procedures set out in the applicable legislation and there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining an RML and/or permit, which could have a material adverse effect on the viability of a project. Finalization of the state permitting process for the Dewey Burdock Project is subject to hearings with public participation. If the state permits are not issued in a timely manner, or at all, it could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial performance, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, the Company will have to assess whether an impairment allowance is necessary, which, if required, could be material. There can be no guarantee that enCore will succeed in obtaining the permits necessary to advance its projects, and a failure to obtain necessary permits or retain permits that have been granted may result in an inability to realize any benefit from its exploration or development activities on its properties. Native American tribes may be involved in the permitting process, which could cause delays or increased expenses. None of the Company’s mineral properties are located within the boundaries of Native American lands or other property interests that are controlled or owned by Native Americans under the jurisdiction of the United States federal government. However, under federal legislation, historic cultural properties of religious significance that can be identified are to be avoided or activities are to be mitigated such that the essential nature of the properties is not lost to a culture. Throughout the western United States, Native American tribes have had historical relationships with properties that are now owned by private parties, the federal government or state governments. In any federal permitting action on these properties, the agency involved is required to make an effort to communicate with Native American tribes to determine any areas of traditional cultural significance, which involves “government to government” discussions with the potentially affected Native American tribes; therefore, delays in permitting may occur through this process. In the event that traditional cultural properties are identified within a project area, the Company and the agency must determine the best method of development to ensure that disturbances are minimized or mitigated, which could be costly and have an adverse impact on enCore’s future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition. Opposition to mining may disrupt our business activities. In recent years, governmental agencies, non-governmental organizations, individuals, communities and courts have become more vocal and active with respect to their opposition to certain mining and business activities, including with respect to production and uranium recovery at our facilities. This opposition may take on forms such as road blockades, vandalism, threats and/or slander, applications for injunctions seeking to cease certain construction, development, extraction, mining and/or milling or recovery activities, refusals to grant access to lands or to sell lands on commercially viable terms, 55 Table of Contents lawsuits for damages or to revoke or modify licenses and permits, issuances of unfavorable laws and regulations, changes in regulatory attitudes and interpretations and other rulings contrary to or otherwise harming our interests. These actions can occur in response to current activities or in respect of mines or facilities that are decades old. In addition, these actions can occur in response to our activities or the activities of other unrelated entities. Opposition to our activities may also result from general opposition to nuclear energy and mining. Opposition to our business activities are beyond our control. Any opposition to our business activities may cause a disruption to our business activities and may result in increased costs and delays, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Permits received are subject to expiration and we may not be able to obtain, maintain or amend rights, authorizations, licenses, permits or consents required for our operations. Our exploration and mining activities are dependent upon the grant of appropriate rights, authorizations, licenses, permits and consents, as well as continuation and amendment of these rights, authorizations, licenses, permits and consents already granted, which may be granted for a defined period of time, or may not be granted or may be withdrawn or made subject to limitations. There can be no assurance that all necessary rights, authorizations, licenses, permits and consents will be granted to us, or that authorizations, licenses, permits and consents already granted will not be withdrawn or made subject to limitations. Permits granted by the jurisdictions in which enCore operates are typically issued with an expiry date requiring enCore to undertake certain activities within a given time frame in order for the permit to remain valid. While enCore makes every reasonable attempt to satisfy the terms and conditions of the permits it is granted, there can be no assurance that unforeseen circumstances may prevent the Company from doing so, and permits received may expire, which could have an adverse impact on enCore’s future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition. The title to our mineral property interests may be challenged. enCore has investigated its rights to explore and extract minerals from all of its material properties and, to the best of its knowledge, those rights are in good standing. No assurance can be given, however, that enCore will be able to secure the grant or the renewal of existing mineral rights and tenures on terms satisfactory to it, or that governments in the jurisdictions in which enCore operates will not revoke or significantly alter such rights or tenures or that such rights or tenures will not be challenged or impugned by third parties, including local governments, aboriginal peoples or other claimants. Although enCore is not currently aware of any existing title uncertainties with respect to any of its material properties, there is no assurance that such uncertainties will not result in future losses or additional expenditures, which could have an adverse impact on enCore’s future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition. The procurement of mining interests and retaining skilled employees is highly competitive. The Company competes with other energy companies and individuals for capital, mining interests on exploration properties and undeveloped lands, acquisitions of Mineral Resources and reserves and other mining assets. The Company also competes with other energy companies to attract and retain key executives and employees. There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to be able to compete successfully with its competitors in acquiring such properties and assets or in attracting and retaining skilled and experienced employees. The energy industry has been impacted by increased worldwide demand for critical resources such as input commodities, drilling equipment, and skilled labor, and these shortages have caused unanticipated cost increases and delays in delivery times, thereby impacting operating costs, capital expenditures and extraction schedules. The Company may be at a competitive disadvantage due to the fact that many of the Company’s competitors have greater financial resources to source mineral properties and attract and retain key executives and employees. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully. The uranium industry is highly competitive, and we may not be successful in acquiring additional contracts and projects. The national and international uranium industry is highly competitive. enCore intends to market uranium to utilities in direct competition with supplies available from a relatively small number of mining companies, from excess inventories, including inventories made available from the decommissioning of nuclear weapons, from reprocessed uranium and plutonium derived from used reactor fuel and from the use of excess enrichment capacity to re-enrich depleted uranium tails. Our competition includes larger, more established companies with longer operating histories that not only explore for and produce uranium but also market uranium and other products on a regional, national or worldwide basis. Any failure in 56 Table of Contents the expected level of demand for our uranium to materialize as a result of competition could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flow and liquidity. Nuclear energy competes with other sources of energy and is subject to public acceptance of nuclear energy as a means of generating electricity. Nuclear energy competes with other sources of energy, including oil, natural gas, coal and hydroelectricity. These other energy sources are to some extent interchangeable with nuclear energy, particularly over the longer term. Sustained lower prices of oil, natural gas, coal and hydro-electricity may result in lower demand for uranium concentrates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity. Technical advances in, and government support and subsidies for, renewable energy sources could make these forms of energy more viable and have a greater impact on nuclear fuel demands. Furthermore, growth of the uranium and nuclear power industry will depend upon continued and increased acceptance of nuclear technology as a means of generating electricity. Because of unique political, technological and environmental factors that affect the nuclear industry, the industry is subject to public opinion risks which could have an adverse impact on the demand for nuclear power and increase the regulation of the nuclear power industry. The nuclear incident that occurred in Japan in March 2011 had significant and adverse effects on both the nuclear and uranium industries. If another nuclear incident were to occur, it could impact the continuing acceptance of nuclear energy and the future prospects for nuclear power generation, including causing governments of certain countries to further increase regulation for the nuclear industry, reduce or abandon current reliance on nuclear power or reduce or abandon existing plans for nuclear power expansion. Any of the foregoing has the potential to reduce current and/or future demand for nuclear power, resulting in lower demand for uranium and lower market prices for uranium, which could have a material adverse effect on enCore’s business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity. The Company’s operations are sensitive to the market price of uranium, which may be volatile. enCore’s future revenues will be directly related to the prices of uranium as its revenues will be derived from uranium mining. The Company’s financial condition, results of operations, earnings and operating cash flows will be significantly affected by the market price of uranium, which is cyclical and subject to substantial short and long-term price fluctuations. Among other factors, uranium prices also affect the value of the Company’s resources, as well as the market price of its common shares. Uranium prices are and will continue to be affected by numerous factors beyond enCore’s control. Such factors include, among others, the demand for nuclear power; political and economic conditions in uranium producing and consuming countries such as Canada, the United States, Russia and other former Soviet republics; reprocessing of used reactor fuel and the re-enrichment of depleted uranium tails; sales of excess civilian and military inventories (including from the dismantling of nuclear weapons) by governments and industry participants; and production levels and costs of production in countries such as Russia and former Soviet republics, Australia and countries in Africa; international wars or conflicts (including Russia’s military invasion of Ukraine and the war in Iran); geopolitical developments (including trading and tariff arrangements, sanctions and cybersecurity attacks), terrorism, natural disasters and public health epidemics or pandemics. The extent and duration of such events and resulting market disruptions cannot be predicted but could be substantial and could magnify the impact of other risks to the Company. These and other similar events could adversely affect the United States and foreign financial markets and lead to increased market volatility. If, after the commencement of commercial production, the uranium price falls below the costs of extraction at enCore’s mines for a sustained period, it may not be economically feasible to continue extraction at such sites. This would materially and adversely affect production, extraction and enCore’s results of operation and financial position. A decline in the uranium price may also require enCore to write down its Mineral Resources, which would have a material adverse effect on its earnings and profitability. Changing global and regional political and economic conditions could adversely impact our business. Recent political and economic shifts, both domestic and international, may create uncertainty and pose risks to our operations and business. Government policies related to protectionism, economic nationalism and attitudes toward multinational corporations could result in regulatory changes, trade barriers or investment restrictions. Additionally, international trade disputes, including tariffs, counter tariffs, export controls, sanctions and currency regulations, may increase costs, further disrupt supply chains, and have other negative impacts on our business and operating models. Furthermore, market volatility, driven by shifts in U.S. and foreign trade policies, fluctuating interest rates or currency controls may affect commodity prices, capital availability and investor confidence. Even the perception of these risks could lead to reduced investment, higher production and operating costs, and other operational challenges. If such trends 57 Table of Contents continue, they may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance; it is difficult to estimate the impact on our business. Hedging activities may not be successful. enCore does not hedge any of its future uranium extraction but may engage in hedging activities in the future. Hedging activities would be intended to protect enCore from the fluctuations of the price of uranium and to minimize the effect of declines in the uranium price on results of operations for a period of time. Although hedging activities may protect enCore against lower uranium prices, they may also limit the price that can be realized on uranium that is subject to forward sales and call options where the market price of uranium exceeds the uranium price in a forward sale or call option contract. We may need additional financing in connection with the implementation of our business and strategic plans from time to time. The exploration, construction, development and acquisition of mineral properties and the ongoing operation of mines and other facilities requires a substantial amount of capital and may depend on our ability to obtain financing through joint ventures, debt financing, equity financing or other means. We may accordingly need further capital in order to take advantage of further opportunities or acquisitions. Our financial condition, general market conditions, volatile uranium market, volatile interest rates, legal claims against us, a significant disruption to our business or operations, or other factors may make it difficult to secure financing necessary for the expansion of mining activities or to take advantage of opportunities for acquisitions. Further, volatility in the credit markets may increase costs associated with debt instruments due to increased spreads over relevant interest rate benchmarks, or may affect our ability, or the ability of third parties we seek to do business with, to access those markets. Continued volatility in equity markets, specifically including energy and commodity markets, may increase the costs associated with equity financings due to a low share price and may create the potential need for us to offer higher discounts and other value. There is no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining required financing as and when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. We currently are subject to, and in the future may be subject to, litigation, disputes or regulatory inquiries for a variety of claims, which could adversely affect our results of operations, harm our reputation or otherwise negatively affect our business. From time to time, we may be involved in litigation, disputes or regulatory inquiries that arise in the ordinary course of business. These may include claims, lawsuits and proceedings involving labor and employment, wage and hour, commercial, alleged securities law violations or other investor claims, and other matters. For example, we currently are involved in a federal securities class action litigation, as described further in [Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies]. Although we intend to defend against the claims vigorously and carry directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage, it is possible that our insurance may not cover all potential claims to which we are exposed and/or may not be adequate to fully cover liability that may be imposed as a result of such claims. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, require significant amounts of management time, adversely affect our reputation and/or result in the diversion of significant operational resources. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable, we cannot ensure that such actions, including the federal securities class action litigation, will not have a material adverse effect on our revenue, business, brand, results of operations and financial condition. The uranium industry is subject to numerous stringent laws, regulations and standards, including environmental protection laws and regulations. If any changes occur that would make these laws, regulations and standards more stringent, it may require capital outlays in excess of those anticipated or cause substantial delays, which would have a material adverse effect on our operations. The current and future mining operations and exploration and development activities of enCore, particularly uranium mining, are subject to laws and regulations at the federal, state and local level governing worker health and safety, employment standards, mine development, mine safety, exports, imports, taxes and royalties, waste disposal, toxic substances, land claims of indigenous peoples, protection and remediation of the environment, mine decommissioning and reclamation, transportation safety and emergency response and other matters. Each jurisdiction in which enCore has properties regulates mining activities. It is possible that future changes in applicable laws and regulations or changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could result in changes in legal requirements or in the terms of existing permits, licenses and approvals applicable to enCore or its projects, which could have a material and adverse impact on enCore’s current mining operations or planned development projects. 58 Table of Contents enCore is also subject to various reclamation and other bonding requirements under federal, state, provincial or local air, water quality and mine reclamation rules and permits. Although enCore makes provision for reclamation costs, there is no assurance that these provisions will be adequate to discharge its obligations for these costs. Environmental and employee health and safety laws and regulations have tended to become more stringent over time. Any changes in such laws or in the environmental conditions at enCore’s properties could have a material adverse effect on enCore’s financial condition, cash flow or results of operations. Failure to comply with applicable environmental and health and safety laws can result in injunctions, damages, suspension or revocation of permits and the imposition of penalties. There can be no assurance that enCore has been or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws, regulations and permits, or that the costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws and permits will not adversely affect enCore’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. Worldwide demand for uranium is directly tied to the demand for electricity produced by the nuclear power industry, which is also subject to extensive government regulation and policies, and any change in these regulations or policies may have a negative impact on enCore’s business or financial condition. Mineral exploration and the development of mines and related facilities is contingent upon governmental approvals, licenses and permits which are complex and time consuming to obtain and which, depending on the location of the project, involve multiple governmental agencies. The receipt, duration, amendment or renewal of such approvals, licenses and permits are subject to many variables outside of enCore’s control, including inadequate agency staff experience, inability of governmental agencies to process licenses and permits in a timely manner,  reduced agency staff capacity, potential legal challenges from various stakeholders such as environmental groups, non-governmental organizations, aboriginal groups or other claimants. The costs and delays associated with obtaining necessary approvals, licenses and permits and complying with these approvals, licenses and permits and applicable laws and regulations could stop or materially delay or restrict enCore from proceeding with the development of an exploration project or the operation or further development of a mine. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or approvals, licenses or permits, even if inadvertent, could result in interruption or closure of exploration, development or mining operations, or material fines, penalties or other liabilities. Where required, obtaining necessary permits to conduct exploration or mining operations can be a complex and time consuming process, and there is no assurance that any necessary permits will be obtainable on acceptable terms, in a timely manner or at all. Insurance may not be available to cover the gamut of risks associated with mineral exploration, development and mining. The mining industry is subject to significant risks that could result in damage to or destruction of property and facilities, personal injury or death, environmental damage and pollution, delays in extraction, expropriation of assets and loss of title to mining claims. No assurance can be given that insurance to cover the risks to which enCore’s activities are subject will be available at all or at commercially reasonable premiums. enCore currently maintains insurance within ranges of coverage that it believes to be consistent with industry practice for companies of a similar stage of development. enCore carries liability insurance with respect to its mineral exploration operations which includes a form of environmental liability insurance. Because insurance against environmental risks (including liability for pollution) or other hazards resulting from exploration and development activities can be prohibitively expensive, enCore’s insurance coverage is limited. The payment of any such liabilities would reduce the funds available to enCore. If enCore is unable to fully fund the cost of remedying an environmental problem, it might be required to suspend operations or enter into costly interim compliance measures pending completion of a permanent remedy. We rely on contractors and experts in our operations, which could subject the Company to liability that could adversely impact the Company’s operations and financial condition. In various aspects of its operations, enCore relies on the services, expertise and recommendations of its service providers and their employees and contractors, whom often are engaged at significant expense to the Company. For example, the decision as to whether a property contains a commercial mineral deposit and should be brought into extraction will depend in large part upon the results of exploration programs and/or feasibility studies, and the recommendations of duly qualified third-party engineers and/or geologists. In addition, while enCore emphasizes the importance of conducting operations in a safe and sustainable manner, it cannot exert absolute control over the actions of these third parties when providing services to enCore or otherwise operating on enCore’s properties. Any material error, omission, act of negligence or act resulting in environmental pollution, accidents or spills, industrial and transportation accidents, work stoppages or other actions could adversely affect the Company’s operations and financial condition. 59 Table of Contents Extraction, capital and operating cost estimates may be inaccurate. We prepare estimates of annual and future extraction, the attendant extraction and operational costs and required working capital for such levels of extraction, but there is no assurance that we will achieve those estimates. These types of estimates are inherently uncertain and may change materially over time. Operational cost estimates are affected by changes in extraction levels and may be affected by continuing inflation and cost-of-goods due to supply chain issues as well as the possible need to utilize a greater level of contractor services if required staffing is unavailable or cannot timely be hired and trained. Availability and consistent pricing of materials necessary in the installation of wells, surface production equipment, associated infrastructure, chemicals for processing and, expendable materials related to operations, can be variable depending on economic conditions locally and worldwide and may force changes in operations and timing of resource extraction. In addition, we rely on certain contractors related to the installation of wells and technical services associated with that installation. Their availability or cost of service can change depending on other local market conditions and may therefore affect the installation and extraction rates of mining. Increased exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our costs, earnings and value of some of our assets, including our common shares. The Company maintains its accounting records and reports its financial position and results in U.S. Dollars. In addition to its listing on Nasdaq, the Company’s common shares are listed for trading on the TSX-V and trades in Canadian Dollars. In addition, enCore may raise funds through equity issuances which could be priced in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars. Fluctuations in the Canadian currency exchange rate relative to the U.S. currency could significantly impact the Company, including its financial results, operations or the trading value of its securities. The price of uranium is quoted in U.S. Dollars, and a decrease in value of the U.S. Dollar would result in a relative decrease in the valuation of uranium and the associated market value from a Canadian currency perspective. We utilize novel mining methods for extraction at our properties, which may not yield anticipated results. The Company focuses on the ISR mining method for extraction at its properties. We have completed technical studies with respect to the ground conditions and the mineral resources estimated to be contained on the Company’s Rosita, Dewey-Burdock, Gas Hills, Mesteña Grande and Alta Mesa ISR uranium projects, and such studies indicate that the projects are amenable to extraction by way of ISR; however, actual conditions could be materially different from those estimated based on the Company’s technical studies completed to-date. While industry best practices have been utilized in the development of its estimates, actual results from the application of the ISR mining method may differ significantly. The Company will need to complete substantial additional work to further advance and/or confirm its current estimates for the use of the ISR mining method on its properties. As a result, it is possible that current estimates may not be achieved on any of the Company’s mining properties, which could adversely affect the Company’s operations and financial condition. We are subject to technical innovation and obsolescence. Requirements for our products and services may be affected by: technological changes in nuclear reactors, enrichment and used uranium fuel reprocessing. These technological changes could reduce the demand for our products and services and/or increase the supply of competitive products and services. The cost competitiveness of our operations may be impacted through the development and commercialization of other mining, milling, processing and other technologies. As a result, our competitors may adopt technological advancements that give them an advantage over the Company or that reduce the demand for the Company’s products and services or make them obsolete. Since there is no liquid public market for uranium, selling uranium may take extended periods of time and suitable purchasers may be difficult to find, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. There is no liquid public market for the sale of uranium. The uranium futures market on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange does not provide for physical delivery of uranium, only cash on settlement. The Company may not be able to, once produced, sell uranium at a desired price level for a number of weeks or months. The pool of potential purchasers or sellers is limited, and each transaction may require the negotiation of specific provisions. Accordingly, a sale cycle may take several weeks or months to complete. If the Company determines to sell any physical uranium that it has produced, it may likewise experience difficulties in finding purchasers that are able to accept a material quantity of physical uranium. 60 Table of Contents The Company may also intend to hold physical uranium for long-term investment. During this term, the value of the Company’s uranium holdings will fluctuate and accordingly, the Company will be subject to losses should it ultimately determine to sell the uranium at prices lower than the acquisition cost. In addition, the Company may incur income statement losses, should uranium prices decrease or foreign exchange rates fluctuate unfavorably in future financial periods. The Company may be required to sell a portion or all of the physical uranium accumulated to fund its operations should other forms of financing not be available to fund the Company’s capital requirements, which could result in losses and adversely affect the Company’s operations and financial condition. The ability to sell and profit from the sale of any eventual acquired uranium or mineral extraction from a property will be subject to the prevailing conditions in the applicable marketplace at the time of sale. The demand for uranium and other minerals is subject to global economic activity and changing attitudes of consumers and other end-users’ demand. The inability to sell on a timely basis in sufficient quantities at favorable prices could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Global demand for uranium is subject to government regulation and policies, including international trade restrictions. The international nuclear fuel industry, including the supply of uranium concentrates, is relatively small compared to other minerals, and is generally highly competitive and heavily regulated. Worldwide demand for uranium is directly tied to the demand for electricity produced by the nuclear power industry, which is also subject to extensive government regulation and policies. In addition, the international marketing of uranium is subject to governmental policies and certain trade restrictions. For example, the war in Ukraine has resulted in impacts to the nuclear fuel industries and uranium producers, through the imposition of sanctions and counter sanctions, which has an adverse effect on energy and economic markets, including the nuclear fuel industries because of the vast reliance by the United States and other nations on uranium products exported from Russia and Russian-controlled or influenced sources. In addition, the conflicts in the Middle East, and other geopolitical tensions, including between the United States and China, also make it difficult to assess and predict the impact to the economy, supply disruption, increased prices of materials, and cyber-security threats. In general, trade agreements, governmental policies and/or trade restrictions are beyond the control of the Company and may affect the supply of uranium available for use in markets like the United States and Europe, which are currently the largest markets for uranium in the world. Similarly, trade restrictions or foreign policy have the potential to impact the ability to supply uranium to developing markets, such as China and India. If substantial changes are made to regulations affecting the global marketing and supply of uranium, the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Possible amendments to the general mining law could make it more difficult or impossible for us to execute our business plan. Members of the U.S. Congress have repeatedly introduced bills which would supplant or alter the provisions of the United States Mining Law of 1872, as amended (the “General Mining Law”). Such bills have proposed, among other things, to (i) either eliminate or greatly limit the right to a mineral patent; (ii) significantly alter the laws and regulations relating to uranium mineral development and recovery from unpatented and patented mining claims; (iii) impose a federal royalty on production from unpatented mining claims; (iv) impose time limits on the effectiveness of plans of operation that may not coincide with mine or facility life; (v) impose more stringent environmental compliance and reclamation requirements on activities on unpatented mining claims; (vi) establish a mechanism that would allow states, localities and Native American tribes to petition for the withdrawal of identified tracts of federal land from the operation of the U.S. General Mining Law; and (vii) allow for administrative determinations that mining or similar activities would not be allowed in situations where undue degradation of the federal lands in question could not be prevented. If enacted, such legislation could change the cost of holding unpatented mining claims and could significantly impact our ability to develop locatable Mineral Resources on our patented and unpatented mining claims. Although it is impossible to predict at this point what any legislated royalties might be, enactment could adversely affect the potential for construction and development and the economics of existing operating mines and facilities. Passage of such legislation could adversely affect our financial performance. Our operations on U.S. federal lands may be impacted by mineral withdrawals or the designation of national monuments by the U.S. President or government, either of which could have significant impacts on the Company and our operations, as well as by other factors. Mining claims on U.S. federal lands are subject to mineral withdrawals by the federal government or the designation of national monuments by the U.S. President under the Antiquities Act of 1906. In both cases, the withdrawal or the 61 Table of Contents designation of a national monument withdraws the area from location and entry under the General Mining Law, subject to valid existing rights. What this means is that no new mining claims may be filed on the withdrawn or designated lands and no new plans of operations may be approved, other than plans of operations on mining claims that were valid at the time of withdrawal or designation and that remain valid at the time of plan approval. Whether or not a mining claim is valid must be determined by a mineral examination conducted by the BLM. The mineral examination, which involves an economic evaluation of a project, must demonstrate the existence of a locatable mineral resource and that the mineral resource constitutes discovery of a valuable mineral deposit. Any future withdrawal of mineral lands from location and entry or future designation of additional national monuments has the potential to prevent further development on exploration stage claims held by the Company in the affected area as well as the potential for the Company to lose the ability to continue to develop mining operations on other claims in the affected area if a mineral examination indicates the deposit is uneconomical and that the claim is not valid, either of which could have significant impacts on the Company. The risks of exchanges of state-owned lands in mineral withdrawal areas or national monuments for federal lands outside the withdrawal area or national monument but that are within the boundaries of and affect any of our properties, or similar actions, could adversely impact our affected properties or our ability to operate our affected properties. There are risks associated with the Company’s joint venture operations and projects. Although the Company holds a majority interest in a joint venture formed to hold the Alta Mesa Project, enCore faces risks that major decisions affecting the Alta Mesa Project may require the consent of or agreement with Boss pursuant to the joint venture agreement. From time to time, the Company may enter into other joint venture or shared ownership arrangements with third parties to develop and/or operate its projects. The success and timing of these operations and projects depend on a number of factors that may be outside of our control, including the financial resources of our partners and the objectives and interests of our partners. While joint venture partners may generally reach consensus regarding the direction and operation of the operation or project, there are no assurances that this will always be the case or that future demands and expectations will continue to align. Failure of joint venture partners to agree on matters requiring consensus may lead to development or operational delays, failure to obtain necessary permits or approvals in an efficient manner or at all, remedies under dispute resolution mechanisms, or the inability to progress with production at the relevant operation or development of the relevant project in accordance with expectations or at all, which could materially affect the operation or development of such projects or operations and our business and financial condition. Risks Related to Taxation If the Company is characterized as a passive foreign investment company, U.S. Holders may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. Prospective U.S. investors should be aware that they could be subject to certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences in the event that the Company is classified as a “passive foreign investment company” (a “PFIC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The determination of whether a corporation is a PFIC for a taxable year depends, in part, on the application of complex U.S. federal income tax rules, which are subject to differing interpretations, and the determination will depend on the composition of the corporation’s income, expenses and assets from time to time and the nature of the activities performed by the corporation’s officers and employees. Based on an analysis of the Company’s activities and income and assets, the Company believes that it was a PFIC for its taxable year ended December 31, 2025, and may continue to be classified as a PFIC for the current taxable year and the foreseeable future. A prospective investor should consult its own tax advisor regarding the likelihood and consequences of the Company being treated as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including the advisability of making certain elections that may mitigate certain possible adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences but that may result in an inclusion of gross income without receipt of such income. We are subject to Canadian tax on our worldwide income. We are deemed to be a resident of Canada for Canadian federal income tax purposes by virtue of being organized under the laws of British Columbia, a province of Canada. Accordingly, we are subject to Canadian taxation on our worldwide income, in accordance with the rules set forth in the Income Tax Act (Canada) (the “Tax Act”) generally applicable to corporations residing in Canada. 62 Table of Contents Dividends, if ever paid, on the common shares are subject to Canadian withholding tax. It is currently not anticipated that we will pay any dividends on our common shares in the foreseeable future. Dividends received by shareholders who are residents of the U.S. (“U.S. Holders”) will be subject to Canadian withholding tax. Any dividends may not qualify for a reduced rate of withholding tax under the U.S.-Canada Treaty. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder may elect for any taxable year to receive either a credit or a deduction for all foreign income taxes paid by the holder during the year. Dividends paid on the common stock will be treated as foreign-source income, and generally will be treated as “passive category income” or “general category income” for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. Subject to certain limitations, a U.S. Holder should be able to take a deduction for the U.S. Holder’s Canadian tax paid, provided that the U.S. Holder has not elected to credit other foreign taxes during the same taxable year. Dividends received by Non-U.S. Holders who are not residents of Canada for purposes of the Tax Act will be subject to Canadian withholding tax. These dividends may qualify for a reduced rate of Canadian withholding tax under any income tax treaty otherwise applicable to our shareholders, subject to examination of the relevant treaty. Each of our shareholders should seek tax advice, based on such shareholder’s particular facts and circumstances, from an independent tax advisor. Changes in tax laws may affect us and our shareholders. There can be no assurance that our Canadian and U.S. federal income tax treatment or an investment in us will not be modified, prospectively or retroactively, by legislative, judicial or administrative action, in a manner adverse to us or our shareholders. Risks Related to enCore’s common shares The issuance of additional common shares may dilute shareholders’ interest in the Company, including pursuant to the conversion of our Convertible Senior Notes, and may affect the trading price of our common shares . enCore may require additional funds to fund its exploration and development programs and potential acquisitions. If enCore raises additional funding by issuing additional equity securities, such financing may substantially dilute the interests of its shareholders. The Convertible Senior Notes are convertible at the option of the holders upon the occurrence of certain events and/or during certain periods. Upon the conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes, we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, common shares or a combination of cash and common shares, at our election. The issuance of common shares upon the conversion of our Convertible Senior Notes may dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders. In addition, the existence of the Convertible Senior Notes may encourage short selling by market participants that engage in hedging or arbitrage activity, and anticipated conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes into common shares could depress the price of our common shares. enCore may also issue additional common shares in the future pursuant to proposed acquisitions and on the exercise of its outstanding stock options and warrants. Sales of substantial amounts of enCore’s common shares, or the availability of such common shares for sale, could adversely affect the prevailing market prices for enCore’s securities. A decline in the market prices of enCore’s securities could impair its ability to raise additional capital through the sale of new common shares should enCore desire to do so. The capped call transactions related to our Convertible Senior Notes may affect the value of our common shares. In connection with our Convertible Senior Notes offering, we entered into capped call transactions with option counterparties. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common shares upon conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes. Further, if the market price per share of our common share exceeds the cap price of the capped call transactions ($4.5150), there would nevertheless be dilution to the extent that such market price exceeds the cap price of the capped call transactions. Additionally, in connection with establishing the capped call transactions, the option counterparties may have entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common shares. The option counterparties may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common shares and/or purchasing or selling our common shares or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions. This activity could cause or hinder an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common shares. The effect, if any, of these transactions and activities on the market price of our common shares will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time, but these activities could adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 63 Table of Contents The market price for common shares cannot be assured and is subject to volatility. Securities markets have experienced a high level of price and volume volatility, and the market price of securities of many companies has experienced wide fluctuations which have not necessarily been related to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted class action securities litigation against those companies. For example, we currently are involved in a federal securities class action litigation, as described further in Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could significantly harm enCore’s profitability and reputation. enCore has never paid dividends and does not currently intend to do so in the foreseeable future. If our share price does not appreciate, our investors could potentially lose on their investment in our common shares. enCore has never paid cash dividends on its common shares. enCore currently intends to retain its future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of its business, and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends on its common shares for the foreseeable future. As a result, shareholders will have to rely on capital appreciation, if any, to earn a return on investment in any common shares in the foreseeable future. Furthermore, enCore may in the future become subject to contractual restrictions on, or prohibitions against, the payment of dividends. Our common shares are listed on Nasdaq, which subjects us to various listing standards, noncompliance of which could result in the delisting of our common shares, which could result in lower trading volumes and liquidity in the United States. Our common shares began trading on Nasdaq on January 2, 2024. Continued listing of a security on Nasdaq is conditioned upon compliance with various listing standards. Failure to comply with Nasdaq’s continued listing standards could result in Nasdaq delisting our common shares resulting in our common shares trading in the less liquid over-the-counter market in the United States. If Nasdaq delists our common shares, investors may face material adverse consequences including, but not limited to, a lack of trading market for our securities in the United States, reduced liquidity, decreased analyst coverage of our securities, and an inability for us to obtain additional financing to fund our operations. Moreover, even to the extent our common shares remain listed on Nasdaq, there can be no assurance an active and liquid trading market for our common shares will develop or be maintained. General Risks Global financial conditions and risks could materially impact our ability to raise equity or obtain debt and impact global supply chains, which could adversely impact the Company’s operations and financial condition. The development and ongoing operation of mines requires a substantial amount of capital prior to the commencement of, and in connection with, the production of uranium. Such capital requirements relate to the costs of, among other things, acquiring mining rights and properties, obtaining government permits, exploration and delineation drilling to determine the underground configuration of a deposit, designing and constructing the mine and processing facilities, purchasing and maintaining mining equipment and complying with financial assurance requirements established by various regulatory agencies for the future restoration and reclamation activities for each project. There is a risk that cash flow from operations will be insufficient to meet current and future obligations, fund development and construction projects, and that additional outside sources of capital will be required. The volatility of global capital markets, including the general economic slowdown in the mining sector, has generally made the raising of capital by equity or debt financing more difficult. The Company may be dependent upon capital markets to raise additional financing in the future. As such, the Company is subject to liquidity risks in meeting its operating expenditure requirements and future development cost requirements in instances where adequate cash positions are unable to be maintained or appropriate financing is unavailable. If the Company is unable to raise equity or obtain loans and other credit facilities in the future and on terms favorable to the Company, these levels of volatility persist or there is a further economic slowdown, the Company’s operations, the Company’s ability to raise capital and the trading price of the Company’s securities could be adversely impacted. 64 Table of Contents As the Company’s operations expand and reliance on global supply chains increases, the impact of pandemics, significant geopolitical risk and conflict globally may have a sizeable and unpredictable impact on the Company’s business, financial condition and operations. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, including the global response to Russia as it relates to sanctions, trade embargos and military support, have resulted in significant uncertainty as well as economic and supply chain disruptions. Should such global conflicts and responses go on for an extended period of time or should other geopolitical disputes and conflicts and responses thereto emerge in other regions that produce uranium or other energy, this could result in material adverse effects to the Company. General inflationary pressures may impact the Company’s costs and affect our results of operations. Inflationary pressure may also affect the Company’s labor, commodity, and other input costs, which could affect the Company’s financial condition. Operational costs may be affected by continuing inflation and cost-of-goods due to supply chain issues as well as the possible need to utilize a greater level of contractor services if required staffing is unavailable or cannot timely be hired and trained, resulting in higher costs for key inputs required for its operations, which may be directly through higher transportation costs, as well as indirectly through higher costs of products that rely on energy, which could result in material adverse effects to the Company. We are dependent on information technology systems, which are subject to certain risks, including cybersecurity risks and data leakage risks associated with implementation and integration. The Company’s operations depend upon the availability, capacity, reliability and security of its information technology (“IT”) infrastructure, and its ability to expand and update this infrastructure as required, to conduct daily operations. enCore relies on various IT systems in all areas of its operations, including financial reporting, contract management, exploration and development data analysis, human resource management, regulatory compliance and communications with employees and third parties. These IT systems could be subject to network disruptions caused by a variety of sources, including computer viruses, security breaches and cyber-attacks, as well as network and/or hardware disruptions resulting from incidents such as unexpected interruptions or failures, natural disasters, fire, power loss, vandalism and theft. The Company’s operations also depend on the timely maintenance, upgrade and replacement of networks, equipment, IT systems and software, as well as pre-emptive expenses to mitigate the risks of failures. The ability of the IT function to support the Company’s business in the event of any such occurrence and the ability to recover key systems from unexpected interruptions cannot be fully tested. There is a risk that, if such an event actually occurs, the Company’s continuity plans may not be adequate to immediately address all repercussions of the disaster. In the event of a disaster affecting a data center or key office location, key systems may be unavailable for a number of days, leading to inability to perform some business processes in a timely manner. As a result, the failure of enCore’s IT systems or a component thereof could, depending on the nature of any such failure, adversely impact the Company’s reputation and results of operations. Although to date the Company has not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, there can be no assurance that the Company will not incur such losses in the future. Unauthorized access to enCore’s IT systems by employees or third parties could lead to corruption or exposure of confidential, fiduciary or proprietary information, interruption to communications or operations or disruption to the Company’s business activities or its competitive position. Further, disruption of critical IT services, or breaches of information security, could have a negative effect on the Company’s operational performance and its reputation. The Company’s risk and exposure to these matters cannot be fully mitigated because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of controls, processes and practices designed to protect systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority. The Company applies technical and process controls in line with industry-accepted standards to protect information, assets and systems; however, these controls may not adequately prevent cyber-security breaches. There is no assurance that the Company will not suffer losses associated with cyber-security breaches in the future and may be required to expend significant additional resources to investigate, mitigate and remediate any potential vulnerabilities. As cyber threats continue to evolve, the Company may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance protective measures or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Our business is subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other extraterritorial and national anti-bribery laws and regulations, a breach or violation of which could lead to substantial sanctions and civil and criminal 65 Table of Contents prosecution, as well as fines and penalties, litigation, loss of licenses or permits and other collateral consequences and reputational harm. The Company is subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended and the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada). Failure to comply with these laws could subject the Company to, among other things, reputational damage, civil or criminal penalties, other remedial measures and legal expenses which could adversely affect the Company’s business, results from operations, and financial condition. It may not be possible for the Company to ensure compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in every jurisdiction in which its employees, agents, sub-contractors or joint venture partners are located or may be located in the future. The Company is a public issuer in both the United States and Canada. The board of directors (the “Board”) and management must devote time and resources to compliance initiatives, corporate governance practices and securities rules and regulations that impose various requirements on both Canadian and U.S. public companies. These additional costs and management attention could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a public issuer in Canada, the Company is subject to the reporting requirements and rules and regulations under Canadian securities laws and the rules of TSX-V. As a public issuer in the United States, the Company is also subject to the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq and the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. Application of both existing or new U.S. or Canadian regulatory requirements may have adverse consequences on our ability to issue securities to raise capital or as consideration for acquisitions. As a public company, there are costs associated with legal, accounting and other expenses related to regulatory compliance in Canada as well as compliance with the U.S. securities legislation and the rules and policies of Canadian Securities Administrators, TSX-V, the SEC and Nasdaq, which require reporting and listed companies to, among other things, adopt corporate governance and related practices, and to continuously prepare and disclose material information, all of which add to a company’s legal and financial compliance costs. Complying with these U.S. and Canadian statutes, regulations and requirements may occupy a significant amount of time of the Board and management. We are a “smaller reporting company” under the federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. As a smaller reporting company, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “smaller reporting companies,” including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our proxy statements. If we do not qualify as a smaller reporting company, we may incur additional costs complying with enhanced reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial results, in which case our business may be harmed and, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, and as a result, the price of our common shares may be adversely affected. In the course of its assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, our management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. During 2025, we developed and executed a comprehensive remediation plan; however, certain controls have not yet been in operation for sufficient duration across multiple reporting periods to conclude full remediation as of December 31, 2025 (see Item 9A to this Annual Report for more information). A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of these material weaknesses, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2025. If we fail to remediate the material weaknesses or experience additional material weaknesses in the future or fail to otherwise maintain effective financial reporting systems and processes, we may be unable to accurately and timely report our financial results or comply with the requirements of being a public company, which could cause investors to lose confidence in our financial information and the price of our common shares could decline. We cannot assure you that the remediation measures we have taken to date and intend to continue to take, including testing the design and operating effectiveness after such controls have operated for a sufficient period of time, will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses. Moreover, we cannot be certain that we will not in the future have additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, or that we will successfully remediate any that we find. 66 Table of Contents The SEC’s disclosure requirements for Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources, as codified in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K 1300, create ambiguity for issuers required to comply with both the requirements of S-K 1300 and NI 43-101, and may result in increased compliance costs for the Company. S-K 1300, as promulgated by the SEC and effective starting in 2021, required that the Company disclose specific information related to its material mining operations, including its Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves. While S-K 1300 is substantively the same as NI 43-101, it is relatively new compared to NI 43-101 and, thus, remains subject to unknown interpretations that could require the Company to incur substantial costs associated with compliance. Where substantive disclosure in one regulatory scheme is more restrictive/stringent than in the other, the Company opted to take the more restrictive/stringent approach in its technical reports. NI 43-101 has a prescribed format, whereas S-K 1300 does not; as such, the Company’s technical reports follow the formatting requirements of NI 43-101. Any further revisions to, or interpretations of, S-K 1300 or NI 43-101 could result in the Company incurring unforeseen costs associated with compliance, both in the United States and in Canada. U.S. investors may not be able to obtain enforcement of civil liabilities against the Company. The enforcement by investors of civil liabilities under the U.S. federal or state securities laws may be affected adversely by the fact that the Company is governed by the BCBCA. It may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States on certain of its directors and officers or enforce judgments obtained in the U.S. courts against the Company or certain of the Company’s directors and officers based upon the civil liability provisions of United States federal securities laws or the securities laws of any state of the United States. There is some doubt as to whether a judgment of a U.S. court based solely upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal or state securities laws would be enforceable in Canada against the Company or its directors and officers. There is also doubt as to whether an original action could be brought in Canada against the Company or its directors and officers to enforce liabilities based solely upon U.S. federal or state securities laws. Changes in accounting rules and other policy or regulatory changes could occur at any time and could impact us in significantly negative ways that we are unable to predict or protect against. The SEC, Financial Accounting Standards Board and other regulatory bodies that establish the accounting rules applicable to us have proposed or enacted a wide array of changes to accounting rules over the last several years. Moreover, in the future, these regulators may propose additional changes that we do not currently anticipate. Changes to accounting rules that apply to us could significantly impact our business or our reported financial performance in negative ways that we cannot predict or protect against. We cannot predict whether any changes to current accounting rules will occur or what impact any codified changes will have on our business, results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. Changes in the U.S. presidential administration and changes in Congress could result in significant policy changes or regulatory uncertainty in our industry. While it is not possible to predict when and whether significant policy or regulatory changes would occur, any such changes on the federal, state or local level could significantly impact, among other things, our operating expenses, our ability to obtain the required licenses and permits in a timely manner, the availability of financing, interest rates, the economy and the geopolitical landscape. To the extent that the government administration takes action by proposing and/or passing regulatory policies that could have a negative impact on our industry, such actions may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Our proprietary data, technology and intellectual property may be compromised or lost, which could result in decreased competitive advantage and/or loss to the value of such assets. With the ever-increasing reliance on technology throughout our operations, including developments of proprietary technology and intellectual property by the Company and/or it consultants, risks of theft, appropriation or other loss of such technology and assets and/or our proprietary data pose a risk to our competitive advantage and business and financial results. We take what we believe to be reasonable steps to protect these proprietary technologies and intellectual property, including contractually and by efforts to obtain patents or trade rights where possible, but there can be no assurance that all such measures will be sufficient or successful. Investors may experience future dilution as a result of additional debt and equity offerings. To raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional common shares or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common shares at prices that may not be the same as the price per share as the shares an investor has 67 Table of Contents previously purchased, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing shareholders. 68 Table of Contents Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None Item 1C. Cybersecurity We rely on information technology to operate our business. We have endpoint and other protection systems, and incident response processes, both internally and through third-party experts designed to protect our information technology systems. These established processes assist us to continuously assess and identify threats to our systems and minimize impact to our business in the event of a breach or other security incident. Additionally, the Company has implemented numerous information technology policies and procedures concerning cybersecurity matters, which include policies that directly or indirectly relate to encryption standards, antivirus protection, remote access, multi-factor authentication, confidential information and the use of the internet, social media, email and wireless and personal devices for both Company business and personal matters while utilizing Company resources. Employees receive required annual cybersecurity training and additional training is provided on a regular basis. Periodic educational notices are also disseminated to all personnel. Additionally, as our systems are modified and upgraded, all personnel are notified, with instruction as appropriate. Together with our third-party consultants, these processes and policies are reviewed on a periodic basis [and no less frequently than annually] to identify potential cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities. This assessment includes, among other things, evaluating the nature, sensitivity and location of information the Company collects, processes and stores and the resiliency of the underlying technologies, the validity and effectiveness of the Company’s security policies, controls and processes and the cybersecurity preparedness of the third-party vendors used by the Company. In addition, the third-party consultants conduct [annual penetration testing (internal and external)] as well as routine phishing testing to validate the effectiveness of technical controls and identify areas for improvement. Based on these assessments, if needed, these policies and policies are updated and re-approved by the appropriate members of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel. As any new threat to security may be identified internally or by our third-party cybersecurity experts, our Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel are notified, with instruction to increase awareness of the threat and how to react if such a threat or actual breach appears to be encountered. Both our Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel rely on prior experience and expertise of their reports, including internal employees and third-party cybersecurity experts, if applicable, in determining cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee receives prompt and timely information from our Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel regarding any cybersecurity incident that meets established reporting thresholds, as well as ongoing updates regarding any such incident until it has been addressed. Governance Our Board oversees the risks involved in our operations as part of its general oversight function, integrating risk management into the Company’s compliance policies and procedures. With respect to cybersecurity, the Audit Committee of the Board has the ultimate oversight responsibility relating to risk management of cybersecurity. Among other things, the Audit Committee discusses with management, including the Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel, the Company’s major policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including cyber security, as they relate to the integrity of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting processes and the Company’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. In addition to its other responsibilities, the Board as a whole oversees operational information technology risks, including cybersecurity, as they relate to the technical aspects of the Company’s operations. The Audit Committee and the full Board receive quarterly reports from the Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel, supported by relevant cross-functional leaders, on information technology matters. The reports address upgrades to hardware, software, and IT systems throughout the Company, and include the identification of IT and cybersecurity risks. Security scores, risk management, mitigation measures, third-party reviews and relevant technology and information security trends are routinely presented. As discussed above, we maintain endpoint and other protection systems, and incident response processes, both internally and through third-party experts. As these systems, processes, training, and upgrades are implemented, updates are provided to the Audit Committee and full Board . Risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have not materially affected, and not reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial statements . However, the risk of cybersecurity threats could be significant if the cyber-attack disrupts the Company’s 69 Table of Contents critical operations, service or financial systems. For additional information regarding risks from cybersecurity threats, please refer to

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components, parts and equipment are also either purchased from, fabricated or serviced by a limited number of vendors, which, in some cases, may be thinly capitalized and disproportionately affected by any loss of business, downturn in the energy industry, supply chain disruptions, or reduction or availability of credit. The failure of one or more third-party suppliers, manufacturers or service providers to provide equipment, components, parts or services, whether due to capacity constraints, labor shortages or other labor-related difficulties, production or delivery disruptions, price increases, quality control issues, recalls or other decreased availability of parts and equipment, is beyond our control and could materially disrupt our operations or result in the delay, renegotiation or cancellation of drilling contracts, thereby causing a loss of contract drilling backlog and/or revenues to us, as well as an increase in operating costs. If we are not able to effectively manage these disruptions and delays in the future, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 54 Table of Contents No assurance can be given that estimates of commodity prices used in preliminary economic assessments will actually be realized. The estimates of uranium prices used in S-K 1300 technical reports are based on conditions prevailing at the time of the writing of such reports. Conditions can change significantly over relatively short periods of time and, as such, there can be no assurance that the estimates of the price of uranium used in the S-K 1300 technical reports will actually be realized. Changes in the uranium price could have a significant impact on the viability of enCore’s mineral projects and an adverse impact on enCore’s future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition. Projects may not advance or achieve production if key permits are not obtained or retained. The advancement of mineral properties through exploration to commercial operation normally requires securing and maintaining key permits and/or licenses (collectively, the “permits”) from regulatory or governmental authorities. While enCore puts its reasonable best efforts into securing the permits necessary to advance its properties according to the policies and guidelines applicable to each permit, approval of permits rests solely with the governing agency and is outside of enCore’s control.  In addition to the statutory and regulatory processes, there are other intangible factors, such as limited agency staffing due to budgetary constraints and staff turnover and government shutdowns that can impact permit reviews and approvals. The requirements for obtaining a RML for the Company’s mineral properties in the United States allows for public participation. Third parties may object to the issuance of RMLs and/or permits required by the Company, which may significantly delay the Company’s ability to obtain an RML and/or permit. Also, insufficient or insufficiently trained staff at regulatory agencies or government shutdowns may delay the issuance of required permits. Generally, public objections can be overcome through the procedures set forth in the applicable permitting legislation; however, significant financial resources and managerial resources are required through this process. In addition, the various regulatory agencies must allow and fully consider the public objections/comments according to such procedures set out in the applicable legislation and there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in obtaining an RML and/or permit, which could have a material adverse effect on the viability of a project. Finalization of the state permitting process for the Dewey Burdock Project is subject to hearings with public participation. If the state permits are not issued in a timely manner, or at all, it could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s financial performance, cash flows and results of operations. In addition, the Company will have to assess whether an impairment allowance is necessary, which, if required, could be material. There can be no guarantee that enCore will succeed in obtaining the permits necessary to advance its projects, and a failure to obtain necessary permits or retain permits that have been granted may result in an inability to realize any benefit from its exploration or development activities on its properties. Native American tribes may be involved in the permitting process, which could cause delays or increased expenses. None of the Company’s mineral properties are located within the boundaries of Native American lands or other property interests that are controlled or owned by Native Americans under the jurisdiction of the United States federal government. However, under federal legislation, historic cultural properties of religious significance that can be identified are to be avoided or activities are to be mitigated such that the essential nature of the properties is not lost to a culture. Throughout the western United States, Native American tribes have had historical relationships with properties that are now owned by private parties, the federal government or state governments. In any federal permitting action on these properties, the agency involved is required to make an effort to communicate with Native American tribes to determine any areas of traditional cultural significance, which involves “government to government” discussions with the potentially affected Native American tribes; therefore, delays in permitting may occur through this process. In the event that traditional cultural properties are identified within a project area, the Company and the agency must determine the best method of development to ensure that disturbances are minimized or mitigated, which could be costly and have an adverse impact on enCore’s future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition. Opposition to mining may disrupt our business activities. In recent years, governmental agencies, non-governmental organizations, individuals, communities and courts have become more vocal and active with respect to their opposition to certain mining and business activities, including with respect to production and uranium recovery at our facilities. This opposition may take on forms such as road blockades, vandalism, threats and/or slander, applications for injunctions seeking to cease certain construction, development, extraction, mining and/or milling or recovery activities, refusals to grant access to lands or to sell lands on commercially viable terms, 55 Table of Contents lawsuits for damages or to revoke or modify licenses and permits, issuances of unfavorable laws and regulations, changes in regulatory attitudes and interpretations and other rulings contrary to or otherwise harming our interests. These actions can occur in response to current activities or in respect of mines or facilities that are decades old. In addition, these actions can occur in response to our activities or the activities of other unrelated entities. Opposition to our activities may also result from general opposition to nuclear energy and mining. Opposition to our business activities are beyond our control. Any opposition to our business activities may cause a disruption to our business activities and may result in increased costs and delays, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition. Permits received are subject to expiration and we may not be able to obtain, maintain or amend rights, authorizations, licenses, permits or consents required for our operations. Our exploration and mining activities are dependent upon the grant of appropriate rights, authorizations, licenses, permits and consents, as well as continuation and amendment of these rights, authorizations, licenses, permits and consents already granted, which may be granted for a defined period of time, or may not be granted or may be withdrawn or made subject to limitations. There can be no assurance that all necessary rights, authorizations, licenses, permits and consents will be granted to us, or that authorizations, licenses, permits and consents already granted will not be withdrawn or made subject to limitations. Permits granted by the jurisdictions in which enCore operates are typically issued with an expiry date requiring enCore to undertake certain activities within a given time frame in order for the permit to remain valid. While enCore makes every reasonable attempt to satisfy the terms and conditions of the permits it is granted, there can be no assurance that unforeseen circumstances may prevent the Company from doing so, and permits received may expire, which could have an adverse impact on enCore’s future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition. The title to our mineral property interests may be challenged. enCore has investigated its rights to explore and extract minerals from all of its material properties and, to the best of its knowledge, those rights are in good standing. No assurance can be given, however, that enCore will be able to secure the grant or the renewal of existing mineral rights and tenures on terms satisfactory to it, or that governments in the jurisdictions in which enCore operates will not revoke or significantly alter such rights or tenures or that such rights or tenures will not be challenged or impugned by third parties, including local governments, aboriginal peoples or other claimants. Although enCore is not currently aware of any existing title uncertainties with respect to any of its material properties, there is no assurance that such uncertainties will not result in future losses or additional expenditures, which could have an adverse impact on enCore’s future cash flows, earnings, results of operations and financial condition. The procurement of mining interests and retaining skilled employees is highly competitive. The Company competes with other energy companies and individuals for capital, mining interests on exploration properties and undeveloped lands, acquisitions of Mineral Resources and reserves and other mining assets. The Company also competes with other energy companies to attract and retain key executives and employees. There can be no assurance that the Company will continue to be able to compete successfully with its competitors in acquiring such properties and assets or in attracting and retaining skilled and experienced employees. The energy industry has been impacted by increased worldwide demand for critical resources such as input commodities, drilling equipment, and skilled labor, and these shortages have caused unanticipated cost increases and delays in delivery times, thereby impacting operating costs, capital expenditures and extraction schedules. The Company may be at a competitive disadvantage due to the fact that many of the Company’s competitors have greater financial resources to source mineral properties and attract and retain key executives and employees. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able to compete successfully. The uranium industry is highly competitive, and we may not be successful in acquiring additional contracts and projects. The national and international uranium industry is highly competitive. enCore intends to market uranium to utilities in direct competition with supplies available from a relatively small number of mining companies, from excess inventories, including inventories made available from the decommissioning of nuclear weapons, from reprocessed uranium and plutonium derived from used reactor fuel and from the use of excess enrichment capacity to re-enrich depleted uranium tails. Our competition includes larger, more established companies with longer operating histories that not only explore for and produce uranium but also market uranium and other products on a regional, national or worldwide basis. Any failure in 56 Table of Contents the expected level of demand for our uranium to materialize as a result of competition could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flow and liquidity. Nuclear energy competes with other sources of energy and is subject to public acceptance of nuclear energy as a means of generating electricity. Nuclear energy competes with other sources of energy, including oil, natural gas, coal and hydroelectricity. These other energy sources are to some extent interchangeable with nuclear energy, particularly over the longer term. Sustained lower prices of oil, natural gas, coal and hydro-electricity may result in lower demand for uranium concentrates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity. Technical advances in, and government support and subsidies for, renewable energy sources could make these forms of energy more viable and have a greater impact on nuclear fuel demands. Furthermore, growth of the uranium and nuclear power industry will depend upon continued and increased acceptance of nuclear technology as a means of generating electricity. Because of unique political, technological and environmental factors that affect the nuclear industry, the industry is subject to public opinion risks which could have an adverse impact on the demand for nuclear power and increase the regulation of the nuclear power industry. The nuclear incident that occurred in Japan in March 2011 had significant and adverse effects on both the nuclear and uranium industries. If another nuclear incident were to occur, it could impact the continuing acceptance of nuclear energy and the future prospects for nuclear power generation, including causing governments of certain countries to further increase regulation for the nuclear industry, reduce or abandon current reliance on nuclear power or reduce or abandon existing plans for nuclear power expansion. Any of the foregoing has the potential to reduce current and/or future demand for nuclear power, resulting in lower demand for uranium and lower market prices for uranium, which could have a material adverse effect on enCore’s business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity. The Company’s operations are sensitive to the market price of uranium, which may be volatile. enCore’s future revenues will be directly related to the prices of uranium as its revenues will be derived from uranium mining. The Company’s financial condition, results of operations, earnings and operating cash flows will be significantly affected by the market price of uranium, which is cyclical and subject to substantial short and long-term price fluctuations. Among other factors, uranium prices also affect the value of the Company’s resources, as well as the market price of its common shares. Uranium prices are and will continue to be affected by numerous factors beyond enCore’s control. Such factors include, among others, the demand for nuclear power; political and economic conditions in uranium producing and consuming countries such as Canada, the United States, Russia and other former Soviet republics; reprocessing of used reactor fuel and the re-enrichment of depleted uranium tails; sales of excess civilian and military inventories (including from the dismantling of nuclear weapons) by governments and industry participants; and production levels and costs of production in countries such as Russia and former Soviet republics, Australia and countries in Africa; international wars or conflicts (including Russia’s military invasion of Ukraine and the war in Iran); geopolitical developments (including trading and tariff arrangements, sanctions and cybersecurity attacks), terrorism, natural disasters and public health epidemics or pandemics. The extent and duration of such events and resulting market disruptions cannot be predicted but could be substantial and could magnify the impact of other risks to the Company. These and other similar events could adversely affect the United States and foreign financial markets and lead to increased market volatility. If, after the commencement of commercial production, the uranium price falls below the costs of extraction at enCore’s mines for a sustained period, it may not be economically feasible to continue extraction at such sites. This would materially and adversely affect production, extraction and enCore’s results of operation and financial position. A decline in the uranium price may also require enCore to write down its Mineral Resources, which would have a material adverse effect on its earnings and profitability. Changing global and regional political and economic conditions could adversely impact our business. Recent political and economic shifts, both domestic and international, may create uncertainty and pose risks to our operations and business. Government policies related to protectionism, economic nationalism and attitudes toward multinational corporations could result in regulatory changes, trade barriers or investment restrictions. Additionally, international trade disputes, including tariffs, counter tariffs, export controls, sanctions and currency regulations, may increase costs, further disrupt supply chains, and have other negative impacts on our business and operating models. Furthermore, market volatility, driven by shifts in U.S. and foreign trade policies, fluctuating interest rates or currency controls may affect commodity prices, capital availability and investor confidence. Even the perception of these risks could lead to reduced investment, higher production and operating costs, and other operational challenges. If such trends 57 Table of Contents continue, they may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance; it is difficult to estimate the impact on our business. Hedging activities may not be successful. enCore does not hedge any of its future uranium extraction but may engage in hedging activities in the future. Hedging activities would be intended to protect enCore from the fluctuations of the price of uranium and to minimize the effect of declines in the uranium price on results of operations for a period of time. Although hedging activities may protect enCore against lower uranium prices, they may also limit the price that can be realized on uranium that is subject to forward sales and call options where the market price of uranium exceeds the uranium price in a forward sale or call option contract. We may need additional financing in connection with the implementation of our business and strategic plans from time to time. The exploration, construction, development and acquisition of mineral properties and the ongoing operation of mines and other facilities requires a substantial amount of capital and may depend on our ability to obtain financing through joint ventures, debt financing, equity financing or other means. We may accordingly need further capital in order to take advantage of further opportunities or acquisitions. Our financial condition, general market conditions, volatile uranium market, volatile interest rates, legal claims against us, a significant disruption to our business or operations, or other factors may make it difficult to secure financing necessary for the expansion of mining activities or to take advantage of opportunities for acquisitions. Further, volatility in the credit markets may increase costs associated with debt instruments due to increased spreads over relevant interest rate benchmarks, or may affect our ability, or the ability of third parties we seek to do business with, to access those markets. Continued volatility in equity markets, specifically including energy and commodity markets, may increase the costs associated with equity financings due to a low share price and may create the potential need for us to offer higher discounts and other value. There is no assurance that we will be successful in obtaining required financing as and when needed on acceptable terms, if at all. We currently are subject to, and in the future may be subject to, litigation, disputes or regulatory inquiries for a variety of claims, which could adversely affect our results of operations, harm our reputation or otherwise negatively affect our business. From time to time, we may be involved in litigation, disputes or regulatory inquiries that arise in the ordinary course of business. These may include claims, lawsuits and proceedings involving labor and employment, wage and hour, commercial, alleged securities law violations or other investor claims, and other matters. For example, we currently are involved in a federal securities class action litigation, as described further in [Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies]. Although we intend to defend against the claims vigorously and carry directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage, it is possible that our insurance may not cover all potential claims to which we are exposed and/or may not be adequate to fully cover liability that may be imposed as a result of such claims. Any claims against us, whether meritorious or not, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation, require significant amounts of management time, adversely affect our reputation and/or result in the diversion of significant operational resources. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable, we cannot ensure that such actions, including the federal securities class action litigation, will not have a material adverse effect on our revenue, business, brand, results of operations and financial condition. The uranium industry is subject to numerous stringent laws, regulations and standards, including environmental protection laws and regulations. If any changes occur that would make these laws, regulations and standards more stringent, it may require capital outlays in excess of those anticipated or cause substantial delays, which would have a material adverse effect on our operations. The current and future mining operations and exploration and development activities of enCore, particularly uranium mining, are subject to laws and regulations at the federal, state and local level governing worker health and safety, employment standards, mine development, mine safety, exports, imports, taxes and royalties, waste disposal, toxic substances, land claims of indigenous peoples, protection and remediation of the environment, mine decommissioning and reclamation, transportation safety and emergency response and other matters. Each jurisdiction in which enCore has properties regulates mining activities. It is possible that future changes in applicable laws and regulations or changes in their enforcement or regulatory interpretation could result in changes in legal requirements or in the terms of existing permits, licenses and approvals applicable to enCore or its projects, which could have a material and adverse impact on enCore’s current mining operations or planned development projects. 58 Table of Contents enCore is also subject to various reclamation and other bonding requirements under federal, state, provincial or local air, water quality and mine reclamation rules and permits. Although enCore makes provision for reclamation costs, there is no assurance that these provisions will be adequate to discharge its obligations for these costs. Environmental and employee health and safety laws and regulations have tended to become more stringent over time. Any changes in such laws or in the environmental conditions at enCore’s properties could have a material adverse effect on enCore’s financial condition, cash flow or results of operations. Failure to comply with applicable environmental and health and safety laws can result in injunctions, damages, suspension or revocation of permits and the imposition of penalties. There can be no assurance that enCore has been or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws, regulations and permits, or that the costs of complying with current and future environmental and health and safety laws and permits will not adversely affect enCore’s business, results of operations, financial condition or prospects. Worldwide demand for uranium is directly tied to the demand for electricity produced by the nuclear power industry, which is also subject to extensive government regulation and policies, and any change in these regulations or policies may have a negative impact on enCore’s business or financial condition. Mineral exploration and the development of mines and related facilities is contingent upon governmental approvals, licenses and permits which are complex and time consuming to obtain and which, depending on the location of the project, involve multiple governmental agencies. The receipt, duration, amendment or renewal of such approvals, licenses and permits are subject to many variables outside of enCore’s control, including inadequate agency staff experience, inability of governmental agencies to process licenses and permits in a timely manner,  reduced agency staff capacity, potential legal challenges from various stakeholders such as environmental groups, non-governmental organizations, aboriginal groups or other claimants. The costs and delays associated with obtaining necessary approvals, licenses and permits and complying with these approvals, licenses and permits and applicable laws and regulations could stop or materially delay or restrict enCore from proceeding with the development of an exploration project or the operation or further development of a mine. Any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations or approvals, licenses or permits, even if inadvertent, could result in interruption or closure of exploration, development or mining operations, or material fines, penalties or other liabilities. Where required, obtaining necessary permits to conduct exploration or mining operations can be a complex and time consuming process, and there is no assurance that any necessary permits will be obtainable on acceptable terms, in a timely manner or at all. Insurance may not be available to cover the gamut of risks associated with mineral exploration, development and mining. The mining industry is subject to significant risks that could result in damage to or destruction of property and facilities, personal injury or death, environmental damage and pollution, delays in extraction, expropriation of assets and loss of title to mining claims. No assurance can be given that insurance to cover the risks to which enCore’s activities are subject will be available at all or at commercially reasonable premiums. enCore currently maintains insurance within ranges of coverage that it believes to be consistent with industry practice for companies of a similar stage of development. enCore carries liability insurance with respect to its mineral exploration operations which includes a form of environmental liability insurance. Because insurance against environmental risks (including liability for pollution) or other hazards resulting from exploration and development activities can be prohibitively expensive, enCore’s insurance coverage is limited. The payment of any such liabilities would reduce the funds available to enCore. If enCore is unable to fully fund the cost of remedying an environmental problem, it might be required to suspend operations or enter into costly interim compliance measures pending completion of a permanent remedy. We rely on contractors and experts in our operations, which could subject the Company to liability that could adversely impact the Company’s operations and financial condition. In various aspects of its operations, enCore relies on the services, expertise and recommendations of its service providers and their employees and contractors, whom often are engaged at significant expense to the Company. For example, the decision as to whether a property contains a commercial mineral deposit and should be brought into extraction will depend in large part upon the results of exploration programs and/or feasibility studies, and the recommendations of duly qualified third-party engineers and/or geologists. In addition, while enCore emphasizes the importance of conducting operations in a safe and sustainable manner, it cannot exert absolute control over the actions of these third parties when providing services to enCore or otherwise operating on enCore’s properties. Any material error, omission, act of negligence or act resulting in environmental pollution, accidents or spills, industrial and transportation accidents, work stoppages or other actions could adversely affect the Company’s operations and financial condition. 59 Table of Contents Extraction, capital and operating cost estimates may be inaccurate. We prepare estimates of annual and future extraction, the attendant extraction and operational costs and required working capital for such levels of extraction, but there is no assurance that we will achieve those estimates. These types of estimates are inherently uncertain and may change materially over time. Operational cost estimates are affected by changes in extraction levels and may be affected by continuing inflation and cost-of-goods due to supply chain issues as well as the possible need to utilize a greater level of contractor services if required staffing is unavailable or cannot timely be hired and trained. Availability and consistent pricing of materials necessary in the installation of wells, surface production equipment, associated infrastructure, chemicals for processing and, expendable materials related to operations, can be variable depending on economic conditions locally and worldwide and may force changes in operations and timing of resource extraction. In addition, we rely on certain contractors related to the installation of wells and technical services associated with that installation. Their availability or cost of service can change depending on other local market conditions and may therefore affect the installation and extraction rates of mining. Increased exposure to foreign exchange rate fluctuations may adversely affect our costs, earnings and value of some of our assets, including our common shares. The Company maintains its accounting records and reports its financial position and results in U.S. Dollars. In addition to its listing on Nasdaq, the Company’s common shares are listed for trading on the TSX-V and trades in Canadian Dollars. In addition, enCore may raise funds through equity issuances which could be priced in U.S. Dollars or Canadian Dollars. Fluctuations in the Canadian currency exchange rate relative to the U.S. currency could significantly impact the Company, including its financial results, operations or the trading value of its securities. The price of uranium is quoted in U.S. Dollars, and a decrease in value of the U.S. Dollar would result in a relative decrease in the valuation of uranium and the associated market value from a Canadian currency perspective. We utilize novel mining methods for extraction at our properties, which may not yield anticipated results. The Company focuses on the ISR mining method for extraction at its properties. We have completed technical studies with respect to the ground conditions and the mineral resources estimated to be contained on the Company’s Rosita, Dewey-Burdock, Gas Hills, Mesteña Grande and Alta Mesa ISR uranium projects, and such studies indicate that the projects are amenable to extraction by way of ISR; however, actual conditions could be materially different from those estimated based on the Company’s technical studies completed to-date. While industry best practices have been utilized in the development of its estimates, actual results from the application of the ISR mining method may differ significantly. The Company will need to complete substantial additional work to further advance and/or confirm its current estimates for the use of the ISR mining method on its properties. As a result, it is possible that current estimates may not be achieved on any of the Company’s mining properties, which could adversely affect the Company’s operations and financial condition. We are subject to technical innovation and obsolescence. Requirements for our products and services may be affected by: technological changes in nuclear reactors, enrichment and used uranium fuel reprocessing. These technological changes could reduce the demand for our products and services and/or increase the supply of competitive products and services. The cost competitiveness of our operations may be impacted through the development and commercialization of other mining, milling, processing and other technologies. As a result, our competitors may adopt technological advancements that give them an advantage over the Company or that reduce the demand for the Company’s products and services or make them obsolete. Since there is no liquid public market for uranium, selling uranium may take extended periods of time and suitable purchasers may be difficult to find, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. There is no liquid public market for the sale of uranium. The uranium futures market on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange does not provide for physical delivery of uranium, only cash on settlement. The Company may not be able to, once produced, sell uranium at a desired price level for a number of weeks or months. The pool of potential purchasers or sellers is limited, and each transaction may require the negotiation of specific provisions. Accordingly, a sale cycle may take several weeks or months to complete. If the Company determines to sell any physical uranium that it has produced, it may likewise experience difficulties in finding purchasers that are able to accept a material quantity of physical uranium. 60 Table of Contents The Company may also intend to hold physical uranium for long-term investment. During this term, the value of the Company’s uranium holdings will fluctuate and accordingly, the Company will be subject to losses should it ultimately determine to sell the uranium at prices lower than the acquisition cost. In addition, the Company may incur income statement losses, should uranium prices decrease or foreign exchange rates fluctuate unfavorably in future financial periods. The Company may be required to sell a portion or all of the physical uranium accumulated to fund its operations should other forms of financing not be available to fund the Company’s capital requirements, which could result in losses and adversely affect the Company’s operations and financial condition. The ability to sell and profit from the sale of any eventual acquired uranium or mineral extraction from a property will be subject to the prevailing conditions in the applicable marketplace at the time of sale. The demand for uranium and other minerals is subject to global economic activity and changing attitudes of consumers and other end-users’ demand. The inability to sell on a timely basis in sufficient quantities at favorable prices could have a material adverse effect on the Company. Global demand for uranium is subject to government regulation and policies, including international trade restrictions. The international nuclear fuel industry, including the supply of uranium concentrates, is relatively small compared to other minerals, and is generally highly competitive and heavily regulated. Worldwide demand for uranium is directly tied to the demand for electricity produced by the nuclear power industry, which is also subject to extensive government regulation and policies. In addition, the international marketing of uranium is subject to governmental policies and certain trade restrictions. For example, the war in Ukraine has resulted in impacts to the nuclear fuel industries and uranium producers, through the imposition of sanctions and counter sanctions, which has an adverse effect on energy and economic markets, including the nuclear fuel industries because of the vast reliance by the United States and other nations on uranium products exported from Russia and Russian-controlled or influenced sources. In addition, the conflicts in the Middle East, and other geopolitical tensions, including between the United States and China, also make it difficult to assess and predict the impact to the economy, supply disruption, increased prices of materials, and cyber-security threats. In general, trade agreements, governmental policies and/or trade restrictions are beyond the control of the Company and may affect the supply of uranium available for use in markets like the United States and Europe, which are currently the largest markets for uranium in the world. Similarly, trade restrictions or foreign policy have the potential to impact the ability to supply uranium to developing markets, such as China and India. If substantial changes are made to regulations affecting the global marketing and supply of uranium, the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Possible amendments to the general mining law could make it more difficult or impossible for us to execute our business plan. Members of the U.S. Congress have repeatedly introduced bills which would supplant or alter the provisions of the United States Mining Law of 1872, as amended (the “General Mining Law”). Such bills have proposed, among other things, to (i) either eliminate or greatly limit the right to a mineral patent; (ii) significantly alter the laws and regulations relating to uranium mineral development and recovery from unpatented and patented mining claims; (iii) impose a federal royalty on production from unpatented mining claims; (iv) impose time limits on the effectiveness of plans of operation that may not coincide with mine or facility life; (v) impose more stringent environmental compliance and reclamation requirements on activities on unpatented mining claims; (vi) establish a mechanism that would allow states, localities and Native American tribes to petition for the withdrawal of identified tracts of federal land from the operation of the U.S. General Mining Law; and (vii) allow for administrative determinations that mining or similar activities would not be allowed in situations where undue degradation of the federal lands in question could not be prevented. If enacted, such legislation could change the cost of holding unpatented mining claims and could significantly impact our ability to develop locatable Mineral Resources on our patented and unpatented mining claims. Although it is impossible to predict at this point what any legislated royalties might be, enactment could adversely affect the potential for construction and development and the economics of existing operating mines and facilities. Passage of such legislation could adversely affect our financial performance. Our operations on U.S. federal lands may be impacted by mineral withdrawals or the designation of national monuments by the U.S. President or government, either of which could have significant impacts on the Company and our operations, as well as by other factors. Mining claims on U.S. federal lands are subject to mineral withdrawals by the federal government or the designation of national monuments by the U.S. President under the Antiquities Act of 1906. In both cases, the withdrawal or the 61 Table of Contents designation of a national monument withdraws the area from location and entry under the General Mining Law, subject to valid existing rights. What this means is that no new mining claims may be filed on the withdrawn or designated lands and no new plans of operations may be approved, other than plans of operations on mining claims that were valid at the time of withdrawal or designation and that remain valid at the time of plan approval. Whether or not a mining claim is valid must be determined by a mineral examination conducted by the BLM. The mineral examination, which involves an economic evaluation of a project, must demonstrate the existence of a locatable mineral resource and that the mineral resource constitutes discovery of a valuable mineral deposit. Any future withdrawal of mineral lands from location and entry or future designation of additional national monuments has the potential to prevent further development on exploration stage claims held by the Company in the affected area as well as the potential for the Company to lose the ability to continue to develop mining operations on other claims in the affected area if a mineral examination indicates the deposit is uneconomical and that the claim is not valid, either of which could have significant impacts on the Company. The risks of exchanges of state-owned lands in mineral withdrawal areas or national monuments for federal lands outside the withdrawal area or national monument but that are within the boundaries of and affect any of our properties, or similar actions, could adversely impact our affected properties or our ability to operate our affected properties. There are risks associated with the Company’s joint venture operations and projects. Although the Company holds a majority interest in a joint venture formed to hold the Alta Mesa Project, enCore faces risks that major decisions affecting the Alta Mesa Project may require the consent of or agreement with Boss pursuant to the joint venture agreement. From time to time, the Company may enter into other joint venture or shared ownership arrangements with third parties to develop and/or operate its projects. The success and timing of these operations and projects depend on a number of factors that may be outside of our control, including the financial resources of our partners and the objectives and interests of our partners. While joint venture partners may generally reach consensus regarding the direction and operation of the operation or project, there are no assurances that this will always be the case or that future demands and expectations will continue to align. Failure of joint venture partners to agree on matters requiring consensus may lead to development or operational delays, failure to obtain necessary permits or approvals in an efficient manner or at all, remedies under dispute resolution mechanisms, or the inability to progress with production at the relevant operation or development of the relevant project in accordance with expectations or at all, which could materially affect the operation or development of such projects or operations and our business and financial condition. Risks Related to Taxation If the Company is characterized as a passive foreign investment company, U.S. Holders may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. Prospective U.S. investors should be aware that they could be subject to certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences in the event that the Company is classified as a “passive foreign investment company” (a “PFIC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The determination of whether a corporation is a PFIC for a taxable year depends, in part, on the application of complex U.S. federal income tax rules, which are subject to differing interpretations, and the determination will depend on the composition of the corporation’s income, expenses and assets from time to time and the nature of the activities performed by the corporation’s officers and employees. Based on an analysis of the Company’s activities and income and assets, the Company believes that it was a PFIC for its taxable year ended December 31, 2025, and may continue to be classified as a PFIC for the current taxable year and the foreseeable future. A prospective investor should consult its own tax advisor regarding the likelihood and consequences of the Company being treated as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including the advisability of making certain elections that may mitigate certain possible adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences but that may result in an inclusion of gross income without receipt of such income. We are subject to Canadian tax on our worldwide income. We are deemed to be a resident of Canada for Canadian federal income tax purposes by virtue of being organized under the laws of British Columbia, a province of Canada. Accordingly, we are subject to Canadian taxation on our worldwide income, in accordance with the rules set forth in the Income Tax Act (Canada) (the “Tax Act”) generally applicable to corporations residing in Canada. 62 Table of Contents Dividends, if ever paid, on the common shares are subject to Canadian withholding tax. It is currently not anticipated that we will pay any dividends on our common shares in the foreseeable future. Dividends received by shareholders who are residents of the U.S. (“U.S. Holders”) will be subject to Canadian withholding tax. Any dividends may not qualify for a reduced rate of withholding tax under the U.S.-Canada Treaty. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder may elect for any taxable year to receive either a credit or a deduction for all foreign income taxes paid by the holder during the year. Dividends paid on the common stock will be treated as foreign-source income, and generally will be treated as “passive category income” or “general category income” for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. Subject to certain limitations, a U.S. Holder should be able to take a deduction for the U.S. Holder’s Canadian tax paid, provided that the U.S. Holder has not elected to credit other foreign taxes during the same taxable year. Dividends received by Non-U.S. Holders who are not residents of Canada for purposes of the Tax Act will be subject to Canadian withholding tax. These dividends may qualify for a reduced rate of Canadian withholding tax under any income tax treaty otherwise applicable to our shareholders, subject to examination of the relevant treaty. Each of our shareholders should seek tax advice, based on such shareholder’s particular facts and circumstances, from an independent tax advisor. Changes in tax laws may affect us and our shareholders. There can be no assurance that our Canadian and U.S. federal income tax treatment or an investment in us will not be modified, prospectively or retroactively, by legislative, judicial or administrative action, in a manner adverse to us or our shareholders. Risks Related to enCore’s common shares The issuance of additional common shares may dilute shareholders’ interest in the Company, including pursuant to the conversion of our Convertible Senior Notes, and may affect the trading price of our common shares . enCore may require additional funds to fund its exploration and development programs and potential acquisitions. If enCore raises additional funding by issuing additional equity securities, such financing may substantially dilute the interests of its shareholders. The Convertible Senior Notes are convertible at the option of the holders upon the occurrence of certain events and/or during certain periods. Upon the conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes, we will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, common shares or a combination of cash and common shares, at our election. The issuance of common shares upon the conversion of our Convertible Senior Notes may dilute the ownership interests of existing shareholders. In addition, the existence of the Convertible Senior Notes may encourage short selling by market participants that engage in hedging or arbitrage activity, and anticipated conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes into common shares could depress the price of our common shares. enCore may also issue additional common shares in the future pursuant to proposed acquisitions and on the exercise of its outstanding stock options and warrants. Sales of substantial amounts of enCore’s common shares, or the availability of such common shares for sale, could adversely affect the prevailing market prices for enCore’s securities. A decline in the market prices of enCore’s securities could impair its ability to raise additional capital through the sale of new common shares should enCore desire to do so. The capped call transactions related to our Convertible Senior Notes may affect the value of our common shares. In connection with our Convertible Senior Notes offering, we entered into capped call transactions with option counterparties. The capped call transactions are expected generally to reduce the potential dilution to our common shares upon conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes. Further, if the market price per share of our common share exceeds the cap price of the capped call transactions ($4.5150), there would nevertheless be dilution to the extent that such market price exceeds the cap price of the capped call transactions. Additionally, in connection with establishing the capped call transactions, the option counterparties may have entered into various derivative transactions with respect to our common shares. The option counterparties may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivatives with respect to our common shares and/or purchasing or selling our common shares or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions. This activity could cause or hinder an increase or a decrease in the market price of our common shares. The effect, if any, of these transactions and activities on the market price of our common shares will depend in part on market conditions and cannot be ascertained at this time, but these activities could adversely affect the market price of our common shares. 63 Table of Contents The market price for common shares cannot be assured and is subject to volatility. Securities markets have experienced a high level of price and volume volatility, and the market price of securities of many companies has experienced wide fluctuations which have not necessarily been related to the operating performance, underlying asset values or prospects of such companies. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, shareholders have often instituted class action securities litigation against those companies. For example, we currently are involved in a federal securities class action litigation, as described further in Note 10 - Commitments and Contingencies. Such litigation could result in substantial costs and diversion of management attention and resources, which could significantly harm enCore’s profitability and reputation. enCore has never paid dividends and does not currently intend to do so in the foreseeable future. If our share price does not appreciate, our investors could potentially lose on their investment in our common shares. enCore has never paid cash dividends on its common shares. enCore currently intends to retain its future earnings, if any, to fund the development and growth of its business, and does not anticipate paying any cash dividends on its common shares for the foreseeable future. As a result, shareholders will have to rely on capital appreciation, if any, to earn a return on investment in any common shares in the foreseeable future. Furthermore, enCore may in the future become subject to contractual restrictions on, or prohibitions against, the payment of dividends. Our common shares are listed on Nasdaq, which subjects us to various listing standards, noncompliance of which could result in the delisting of our common shares, which could result in lower trading volumes and liquidity in the United States. Our common shares began trading on Nasdaq on January 2, 2024. Continued listing of a security on Nasdaq is conditioned upon compliance with various listing standards. Failure to comply with Nasdaq’s continued listing standards could result in Nasdaq delisting our common shares resulting in our common shares trading in the less liquid over-the-counter market in the United States. If Nasdaq delists our common shares, investors may face material adverse consequences including, but not limited to, a lack of trading market for our securities in the United States, reduced liquidity, decreased analyst coverage of our securities, and an inability for us to obtain additional financing to fund our operations. Moreover, even to the extent our common shares remain listed on Nasdaq, there can be no assurance an active and liquid trading market for our common shares will develop or be maintained. General Risks Global financial conditions and risks could materially impact our ability to raise equity or obtain debt and impact global supply chains, which could adversely impact the Company’s operations and financial condition. The development and ongoing operation of mines requires a substantial amount of capital prior to the commencement of, and in connection with, the production of uranium. Such capital requirements relate to the costs of, among other things, acquiring mining rights and properties, obtaining government permits, exploration and delineation drilling to determine the underground configuration of a deposit, designing and constructing the mine and processing facilities, purchasing and maintaining mining equipment and complying with financial assurance requirements established by various regulatory agencies for the future restoration and reclamation activities for each project. There is a risk that cash flow from operations will be insufficient to meet current and future obligations, fund development and construction projects, and that additional outside sources of capital will be required. The volatility of global capital markets, including the general economic slowdown in the mining sector, has generally made the raising of capital by equity or debt financing more difficult. The Company may be dependent upon capital markets to raise additional financing in the future. As such, the Company is subject to liquidity risks in meeting its operating expenditure requirements and future development cost requirements in instances where adequate cash positions are unable to be maintained or appropriate financing is unavailable. If the Company is unable to raise equity or obtain loans and other credit facilities in the future and on terms favorable to the Company, these levels of volatility persist or there is a further economic slowdown, the Company’s operations, the Company’s ability to raise capital and the trading price of the Company’s securities could be adversely impacted. 64 Table of Contents As the Company’s operations expand and reliance on global supply chains increases, the impact of pandemics, significant geopolitical risk and conflict globally may have a sizeable and unpredictable impact on the Company’s business, financial condition and operations. Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, including the global response to Russia as it relates to sanctions, trade embargos and military support, have resulted in significant uncertainty as well as economic and supply chain disruptions. Should such global conflicts and responses go on for an extended period of time or should other geopolitical disputes and conflicts and responses thereto emerge in other regions that produce uranium or other energy, this could result in material adverse effects to the Company. General inflationary pressures may impact the Company’s costs and affect our results of operations. Inflationary pressure may also affect the Company’s labor, commodity, and other input costs, which could affect the Company’s financial condition. Operational costs may be affected by continuing inflation and cost-of-goods due to supply chain issues as well as the possible need to utilize a greater level of contractor services if required staffing is unavailable or cannot timely be hired and trained, resulting in higher costs for key inputs required for its operations, which may be directly through higher transportation costs, as well as indirectly through higher costs of products that rely on energy, which could result in material adverse effects to the Company. We are dependent on information technology systems, which are subject to certain risks, including cybersecurity risks and data leakage risks associated with implementation and integration. The Company’s operations depend upon the availability, capacity, reliability and security of its information technology (“IT”) infrastructure, and its ability to expand and update this infrastructure as required, to conduct daily operations. enCore relies on various IT systems in all areas of its operations, including financial reporting, contract management, exploration and development data analysis, human resource management, regulatory compliance and communications with employees and third parties. These IT systems could be subject to network disruptions caused by a variety of sources, including computer viruses, security breaches and cyber-attacks, as well as network and/or hardware disruptions resulting from incidents such as unexpected interruptions or failures, natural disasters, fire, power loss, vandalism and theft. The Company’s operations also depend on the timely maintenance, upgrade and replacement of networks, equipment, IT systems and software, as well as pre-emptive expenses to mitigate the risks of failures. The ability of the IT function to support the Company’s business in the event of any such occurrence and the ability to recover key systems from unexpected interruptions cannot be fully tested. There is a risk that, if such an event actually occurs, the Company’s continuity plans may not be adequate to immediately address all repercussions of the disaster. In the event of a disaster affecting a data center or key office location, key systems may be unavailable for a number of days, leading to inability to perform some business processes in a timely manner. As a result, the failure of enCore’s IT systems or a component thereof could, depending on the nature of any such failure, adversely impact the Company’s reputation and results of operations. Although to date the Company has not experienced any material losses relating to cyber-attacks or other information security breaches, there can be no assurance that the Company will not incur such losses in the future. Unauthorized access to enCore’s IT systems by employees or third parties could lead to corruption or exposure of confidential, fiduciary or proprietary information, interruption to communications or operations or disruption to the Company’s business activities or its competitive position. Further, disruption of critical IT services, or breaches of information security, could have a negative effect on the Company’s operational performance and its reputation. The Company’s risk and exposure to these matters cannot be fully mitigated because of, among other things, the evolving nature of these threats. As a result, cyber security and the continued development and enhancement of controls, processes and practices designed to protect systems, computers, software, data and networks from attack, damage or unauthorized access remain a priority. The Company applies technical and process controls in line with industry-accepted standards to protect information, assets and systems; however, these controls may not adequately prevent cyber-security breaches. There is no assurance that the Company will not suffer losses associated with cyber-security breaches in the future and may be required to expend significant additional resources to investigate, mitigate and remediate any potential vulnerabilities. As cyber threats continue to evolve, the Company may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance protective measures or to investigate and remediate any security vulnerabilities. Our business is subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other extraterritorial and national anti-bribery laws and regulations, a breach or violation of which could lead to substantial sanctions and civil and criminal 65 Table of Contents prosecution, as well as fines and penalties, litigation, loss of licenses or permits and other collateral consequences and reputational harm. The Company is subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended and the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act (Canada). Failure to comply with these laws could subject the Company to, among other things, reputational damage, civil or criminal penalties, other remedial measures and legal expenses which could adversely affect the Company’s business, results from operations, and financial condition. It may not be possible for the Company to ensure compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in every jurisdiction in which its employees, agents, sub-contractors or joint venture partners are located or may be located in the future. The Company is a public issuer in both the United States and Canada. The board of directors (the “Board”) and management must devote time and resources to compliance initiatives, corporate governance practices and securities rules and regulations that impose various requirements on both Canadian and U.S. public companies. These additional costs and management attention could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. As a public issuer in Canada, the Company is subject to the reporting requirements and rules and regulations under Canadian securities laws and the rules of TSX-V. As a public issuer in the United States, the Company is also subject to the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq and the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. Application of both existing or new U.S. or Canadian regulatory requirements may have adverse consequences on our ability to issue securities to raise capital or as consideration for acquisitions. As a public company, there are costs associated with legal, accounting and other expenses related to regulatory compliance in Canada as well as compliance with the U.S. securities legislation and the rules and policies of Canadian Securities Administrators, TSX-V, the SEC and Nasdaq, which require reporting and listed companies to, among other things, adopt corporate governance and related practices, and to continuously prepare and disclose material information, all of which add to a company’s legal and financial compliance costs. Complying with these U.S. and Canadian statutes, regulations and requirements may occupy a significant amount of time of the Board and management. We are a “smaller reporting company” under the federal securities laws and will be subject to reduced public company reporting requirements. As a smaller reporting company, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not “smaller reporting companies,” including, but not limited to, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our proxy statements. If we do not qualify as a smaller reporting company, we may incur additional costs complying with enhanced reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not smaller reporting companies. We have identified material weaknesses in our internal controls over financial reporting. If we are unable to remediate these material weaknesses, or if we experience additional material weaknesses in the future or otherwise fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately or timely report our financial results, in which case our business may be harmed and, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, and as a result, the price of our common shares may be adversely affected. In the course of its assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024, our management identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024. During 2025, we developed and executed a comprehensive remediation plan; however, certain controls have not yet been in operation for sufficient duration across multiple reporting periods to conclude full remediation as of December 31, 2025 (see Item 9A to this Annual Report for more information). A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of these material weaknesses, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2025. If we fail to remediate the material weaknesses or experience additional material weaknesses in the future or fail to otherwise maintain effective financial reporting systems and processes, we may be unable to accurately and timely report our financial results or comply with the requirements of being a public company, which could cause investors to lose confidence in our financial information and the price of our common shares could decline. We cannot assure you that the remediation measures we have taken to date and intend to continue to take, including testing the design and operating effectiveness after such controls have operated for a sufficient period of time, will be sufficient to remediate the material weaknesses. Moreover, we cannot be certain that we will not in the future have additional material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, or that we will successfully remediate any that we find. 66 Table of Contents The SEC’s disclosure requirements for Mineral Reserves and Mineral Resources, as codified in Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K 1300, create ambiguity for issuers required to comply with both the requirements of S-K 1300 and NI 43-101, and may result in increased compliance costs for the Company. S-K 1300, as promulgated by the SEC and effective starting in 2021, required that the Company disclose specific information related to its material mining operations, including its Mineral Resources and Mineral Reserves. While S-K 1300 is substantively the same as NI 43-101, it is relatively new compared to NI 43-101 and, thus, remains subject to unknown interpretations that could require the Company to incur substantial costs associated with compliance. Where substantive disclosure in one regulatory scheme is more restrictive/stringent than in the other, the Company opted to take the more restrictive/stringent approach in its technical reports. NI 43-101 has a prescribed format, whereas S-K 1300 does not; as such, the Company’s technical reports follow the formatting requirements of NI 43-101. Any further revisions to, or interpretations of, S-K 1300 or NI 43-101 could result in the Company incurring unforeseen costs associated with compliance, both in the United States and in Canada. U.S. investors may not be able to obtain enforcement of civil liabilities against the Company. The enforcement by investors of civil liabilities under the U.S. federal or state securities laws may be affected adversely by the fact that the Company is governed by the BCBCA. It may not be possible for investors to effect service of process within the United States on certain of its directors and officers or enforce judgments obtained in the U.S. courts against the Company or certain of the Company’s directors and officers based upon the civil liability provisions of United States federal securities laws or the securities laws of any state of the United States. There is some doubt as to whether a judgment of a U.S. court based solely upon the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal or state securities laws would be enforceable in Canada against the Company or its directors and officers. There is also doubt as to whether an original action could be brought in Canada against the Company or its directors and officers to enforce liabilities based solely upon U.S. federal or state securities laws. Changes in accounting rules and other policy or regulatory changes could occur at any time and could impact us in significantly negative ways that we are unable to predict or protect against. The SEC, Financial Accounting Standards Board and other regulatory bodies that establish the accounting rules applicable to us have proposed or enacted a wide array of changes to accounting rules over the last several years. Moreover, in the future, these regulators may propose additional changes that we do not currently anticipate. Changes to accounting rules that apply to us could significantly impact our business or our reported financial performance in negative ways that we cannot predict or protect against. We cannot predict whether any changes to current accounting rules will occur or what impact any codified changes will have on our business, results of operations, liquidity or financial condition. Changes in the U.S. presidential administration and changes in Congress could result in significant policy changes or regulatory uncertainty in our industry. While it is not possible to predict when and whether significant policy or regulatory changes would occur, any such changes on the federal, state or local level could significantly impact, among other things, our operating expenses, our ability to obtain the required licenses and permits in a timely manner, the availability of financing, interest rates, the economy and the geopolitical landscape. To the extent that the government administration takes action by proposing and/or passing regulatory policies that could have a negative impact on our industry, such actions may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Our proprietary data, technology and intellectual property may be compromised or lost, which could result in decreased competitive advantage and/or loss to the value of such assets. With the ever-increasing reliance on technology throughout our operations, including developments of proprietary technology and intellectual property by the Company and/or it consultants, risks of theft, appropriation or other loss of such technology and assets and/or our proprietary data pose a risk to our competitive advantage and business and financial results. We take what we believe to be reasonable steps to protect these proprietary technologies and intellectual property, including contractually and by efforts to obtain patents or trade rights where possible, but there can be no assurance that all such measures will be sufficient or successful. Investors may experience future dilution as a result of additional debt and equity offerings. To raise additional capital, we may in the future offer additional common shares or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for our common shares at prices that may not be the same as the price per share as the shares an investor has 67 Table of Contents previously purchased, and investors purchasing shares or other securities in the future could have rights superior to existing shareholders. 68 Table of Contents Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None Item 1C. Cybersecurity We rely on information technology to operate our business. We have endpoint and other protection systems, and incident response processes, both internally and through third-party experts designed to protect our information technology systems. These established processes assist us to continuously assess and identify threats to our systems and minimize impact to our business in the event of a breach or other security incident. Additionally, the Company has implemented numerous information technology policies and procedures concerning cybersecurity matters, which include policies that directly or indirectly relate to encryption standards, antivirus protection, remote access, multi-factor authentication, confidential information and the use of the internet, social media, email and wireless and personal devices for both Company business and personal matters while utilizing Company resources. Employees receive required annual cybersecurity training and additional training is provided on a regular basis. Periodic educational notices are also disseminated to all personnel. Additionally, as our systems are modified and upgraded, all personnel are notified, with instruction as appropriate. Together with our third-party consultants, these processes and policies are reviewed on a periodic basis [and no less frequently than annually] to identify potential cybersecurity threats and vulnerabilities. This assessment includes, among other things, evaluating the nature, sensitivity and location of information the Company collects, processes and stores and the resiliency of the underlying technologies, the validity and effectiveness of the Company’s security policies, controls and processes and the cybersecurity preparedness of the third-party vendors used by the Company. In addition, the third-party consultants conduct [annual penetration testing (internal and external)] as well as routine phishing testing to validate the effectiveness of technical controls and identify areas for improvement. Based on these assessments, if needed, these policies and policies are updated and re-approved by the appropriate members of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel. As any new threat to security may be identified internally or by our third-party cybersecurity experts, our Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel are notified, with instruction to increase awareness of the threat and how to react if such a threat or actual breach appears to be encountered. Both our Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel rely on prior experience and expertise of their reports, including internal employees and third-party cybersecurity experts, if applicable, in determining cybersecurity threats. The Audit Committee receives prompt and timely information from our Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel regarding any cybersecurity incident that meets established reporting thresholds, as well as ongoing updates regarding any such incident until it has been addressed. Governance Our Board oversees the risks involved in our operations as part of its general oversight function, integrating risk management into the Company’s compliance policies and procedures. With respect to cybersecurity, the Audit Committee of the Board has the ultimate oversight responsibility relating to risk management of cybersecurity. Among other things, the Audit Committee discusses with management, including the Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel, the Company’s major policies with respect to risk assessment and risk management, including cyber security, as they relate to the integrity of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting processes and the Company’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. In addition to its other responsibilities, the Board as a whole oversees operational information technology risks, including cybersecurity, as they relate to the technical aspects of the Company’s operations. The Audit Committee and the full Board receive quarterly reports from the Chief Executive Officer and General Counsel, supported by relevant cross-functional leaders, on information technology matters. The reports address upgrades to hardware, software, and IT systems throughout the Company, and include the identification of IT and cybersecurity risks. Security scores, risk management, mitigation measures, third-party reviews and relevant technology and information security trends are routinely presented. As discussed above, we maintain endpoint and other protection systems, and incident response processes, both internally and through third-party experts. As these systems, processes, training, and upgrades are implemented, updates are provided to the Audit Committee and full Board . Risks from cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have not materially affected, and not reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations or financial statements . However, the risk of cybersecurity threats could be significant if the cyber-attack disrupts the Company’s 69 Table of Contents critical operations, service or financial systems. For additional information regarding risks from cybersecurity threats, please refer to

