TICKER: FGNX
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
suppliers and vendors. Monitoring such risks and threats is integrated into the Company’s overall risk management program. The
Company regularly assesses risks from cybersecurity and technology threats and monitors information systems for potential vulnerabilities.
The Company maintains technical and organizational safeguards and also leverages third-party specialists in risk management to assist
in implementing processes to oversee and identify material risks from cybersecurity threats associated with third-party service providers. Our
operations depend on our ability to process our business timely and efficiently and protect our information systems from physical loss
or unauthorized access. A sustained business interruption or system failure could adversely impact our ability to perform necessary business
operations promptly, hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers, and have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. In
the event of an incident, the Company focuses on responding to and containing the threat and minimizing any business impact, as appropriate.
In the event of an incident, senior management assesses, among other factors, safety impact, data loss, business operations disruption,
projected cost and potential for reputational harm. To
date, the Company has not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents. For a discussion of whether any risks from cybersecurity
threats are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition,
see “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors. Monitoring such risks and threats is integrated into the Company’s overall risk management program. The
Company regularly assesses risks from cybersecurity and technology threats and monitors information systems for potential vulnerabilities.
The Company maintains technical and organizational safeguards and also leverages third-party specialists in risk management to assist
in implementing processes to oversee and identify material risks from cybersecurity threats associated with third-party service providers. Our
operations depend on our ability to process our business timely and efficiently and protect our information systems from physical loss
or unauthorized access. A sustained business interruption or system failure could adversely impact our ability to perform necessary business
operations promptly, hurt our relationships with our business partners and customers, and have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. In
the event of an incident, the Company focuses on responding to and containing the threat and minimizing any business impact, as appropriate.
In the event of an incident, senior management assesses, among other factors, safety impact, data loss, business operations disruption,
projected cost and potential for reputational harm. To
date, the Company has not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents. For a discussion of whether any risks from cybersecurity
threats are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition,
see “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of the Ethereum blockchain was determined to be a security by a regulatory body or a court. Such developments could
subject us to fines, penalties and other damages, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, treasury
operations and prospects. If
we were deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, applicable restrictions likely would make it impractical
for us to continue segments of our business as currently contemplated. Under
Sections 3(a)(1)(A) and (C) of the Investment Company Act, a company generally will be deemed to be an “investment company”
if (i) it is, or holds itself out as being, engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting,
or trading in securities or (ii) it engages, or proposes to engage, in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding, or trading
in securities and it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets
(exclusive of U.S. government securities, shares of registered money market funds under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, and
cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Rule 3a-1 under the Investment Company Act generally provides that notwithstanding the Section
3(a)(1)(C) test described in clause (ii) above, an entity will not be deemed to be an “investment company” for purposes of
the Investment Company Act if no more than 45% of the value of its assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities, shares of registered
money market funds under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, and cash items) consists of, and no more than 45% of its net income
after taxes (for the past four fiscal quarters combined) is derived from, securities other than U.S. government securities, shares of
registered money market funds under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, securities issued by employees’ securities companies,
securities issued by qualifying majority owned subsidiaries of such entity, and securities issued by qualifying companies that are controlled
primarily by such entity. We do not believe that we are an “investment company” as such term is defined in either Section
3(a)(1)(A) or Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act. 14 With
respect to Section 3(a)(1)(A), the substantial majority of the proceeds from our recent PIPE Offering were used to acquire ETH, which
is an amount in excess of 40% of our total assets. Since we believe ETH is not an investment security, we do not hold ourselves out as
being engaged primarily, or propose to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities within the
meaning of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act. With respect to Section 3(a)(1)(C), we believe we satisfy the elements of
Rule 3a-1 and therefore are deemed not to be an investment company under, and we intend to conduct our operations such that we will not
be deemed an investment company under, Section 3(a)(1)(C). We believe that we are not an investment company pursuant to Rule 3a-1 under
the Investment Company Act because, on a consolidated basis with respect to wholly-owned subsidiaries but otherwise on an unconsolidated
basis, no more than 45% of the value of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities, shares of registered money market
funds under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, and cash items) consists of, and no more than 45% of our net income after taxes
(for the last four fiscal quarters combined) is derived from, securities other than U.S. government securities, shares of registered
money market funds under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, securities issued by employees’ securities companies, securities
issued by qualifying majority owned subsidiaries of the Company, and securities issued by qualifying companies that are controlled primarily
by the Company. ETH
and other digital assets, as well as new business models and transactions enabled by blockchain technologies, present novel interpretive
questions under the Investment Company Act. There is a risk that assets or arrangements that we have concluded are not securities could
be deemed to be securities by the SEC or another authority for purposes of the Investment Company Act, which would increase the percentage
of securities held by us for Investment Company Act purposes. The SEC has requested information from a number of participants in the
digital assets ecosystem, regarding the potential application of the Investment Company Act to their businesses. For example, in an action
unrelated to the Company, in February 2022, the SEC issued a cease-and-desist order under the Investment Company Act to BlockFi Lending
LLC, in which the SEC alleged that BlockFi was operating as an unregistered investment company because it issued securities and also
held more than 40% of its total assets, excluding cash, in investment securities, including the loans of digital assets made by BlockFi
to institutional borrowers. If
we were deemed to be an investment company, Rule 3a-2 under the Investment Company Act is a safe harbor that provides a one-year grace
period for transient investment companies that have a bona fide intent to be engaged primarily, as soon as is reasonably possible (in
any event by the termination of such one-year period), in a business other than that of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading
in securities, with such intent evidenced by the company’s business activities and an appropriate resolution of its board of directors.
The grace period is available not more than once every three years and runs from the earlier of (i) the date on which the issuer owns
securities and/or cash having a value exceeding 50% of the issuer’s total assets on either a consolidated or unconsolidated basis
or (ii) the date on which the issuer owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of such
issuer’s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Accordingly, the grace
period may not be available at the time that we seek to rely on Rule 3a-2; however, Rule 3a-2 is a safe harbor and we may rely on any
exemption or exclusion from investment company status available to us under the Investment Company Act at any given time. Furthermore,
reliance on Rule 3a-2, Section 3(a)(1)(C), or Rule 3a-1 could require us to take actions to dispose of securities, limit our ability
to make certain investments or enter into joint ventures, or otherwise limit or change our service offerings and operations. If we were
to be deemed an investment company in the future, restrictions imposed by the Investment Company Act — including limitations on
our ability to issue different classes of stock and equity compensation to directors, officers, and employees and restrictions on management,
operations, and transactions with affiliated persons — likely would make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated,
and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, treasury and prospects. 15 ETH
is created and transmitted through the operations of the peer-to-peer ETH network, a decentralized network of computers running software
following the ETH protocol. If the ETH network is disrupted or encounters any unanticipated difficulties, the value of ETH could be negatively
impacted. If
the ETH network is disrupted or encounters any unanticipated difficulties, then the processing of transactions on the ETH network may
be disrupted, which in turn may prevent us from depositing or withdrawing ETH from our accounts with our custodians or otherwise effecting
ETH transactions. Such disruptions could include, for example: the price volatility of ETH; the insolvency, business failure, interruption,
default, failure to perform, security breach, or other problems of participants, custodians, or others; the closing of ETH trading platforms
due to fraud, failures, security breaches or otherwise; or network outages or congestion, power outages, or other problems or disruptions
affecting the ETH network. In
addition, although we do not currently intend to mine ETH, digital asset validating operations can consume significant amounts of electricity,
which may have a negative environmental impact and give rise to public opinion against allowing, or government regulations restricting,
the use of electricity for validating operations. Additionally, validators may be forced to cease operations during an electricity shortage
or power outage. We
face risks relating to the custody of our ETH, including the loss or destruction of private keys required to access our ETH and cyberattacks
or other data loss relating to our ETH, including smart contract related losses and vulnerabilities. We
currently hold our ETH with Anchorage Digital Bank N.A. and BitGo Trust Company, Inc., as custodians (the “Custodians”) that
have duties to safeguard our private keys, and use multisignature keys to prevent unauthorized access in accordance with our treasury
operations. Our custodial services contracts do not restrict the asset manager’s ability to reallocate our ETH among other custodians,
provided, however that our ETH holdings may be concentrated with a single custodian from time to time. In light of the significant amount
of ETH we expect to hold, we may seek to engage additional custodians to achieve a greater degree of diversification in the custody of
our ETH as the extent of potential risk of loss is dependent, in part, on the degree of diversification. However, multiple custodians
may utilize similar wallet infrastructure, cloud service providers or software systems, which could increase systemic technology risk. If
there is a decrease in the availability of digital asset custodians that we believe can safely custody our ETH, for example, due to regulatory
developments or enforcement actions that cause custodians to discontinue or limit their services in the United States, we may need to
enter into agreements that are less favorable than our current agreements or take other measures to custody our ETH, and our ability
to seek a greater degree of diversification in the use of custodial services would be materially adversely affected. While we conduct
due diligence on our custodians and any smart contract platforms we may use, there can be no assurance that such diligence will uncover
all risks, including operational deficiencies, hidden vulnerabilities or legal noncompliance. Our
use of a custodian exposes us to the risk that the ETH our custodian holds on our behalf could be subject to insolvency proceedings and
we could be treated as a general unsecured creditor of the custodian, inhibiting our ability to exercise ownership rights with respect
to such ETH. Any loss associated with such insolvency proceedings is unlikely to be covered by any insurance coverage that we might purchase
or maintain related to our ETH. The legal framework governing digital asset ownership and rights in custodial or insolvency contexts
remains uncertain and continues to evolve, which could result in unexpected losses, protracted recovery processes or adverse treatment
in insolvency proceedings. ETH
is controllable only by the possessor of both the unique public key and private key(s) relating to the local or online digital wallet
in which the ETH is held. While the Ethereum blockchain ledger requires a public key relating to a digital wallet to be published when
used in a transaction, private keys must be safeguarded and kept private in order to prevent a third party from accessing the ETH held
in such wallet. To the extent the private key(s) for a digital wallet are lost, destroyed, or otherwise compromised and no backup of
the private key(s) is accessible, neither we nor our custodians will be able to access the ETH held in the related digital wallet. Furthermore,
we cannot provide assurance that our digital wallets, nor the digital wallets of our custodians held on our behalf, will not be compromised
as a result of a cyberattack. The Ethereum and blockchain ledger, as well as other digital assets and blockchain technologies, have been,
and may in the future be, subject to security breaches, cyberattacks, or other malicious activities. 16 As
part of our treasury management strategy, we may engage in staking, restaking, or other permitted activities that involve the use of
“smart contracts” or decentralized applications. The use of smart contracts or decentralized applications entails certain
risks including risks stemming from the existence of an “admin key” or coding flaws that could be exploited, potentially
allowing a bad actor to issue or otherwise compromise the smart contract or decentralized application, potentially leading to a loss
of our ETH. Like all software code, smart contracts are exposed to risk that the code contains a bug or other security vulnerability,
which can lead to loss of assets that are held on or transacted through the contract or decentralized application. Smart contracts and
decentralized applications may contain bugs, security vulnerabilities or poorly designed permission structures that could result in the
irreversible loss of ETH or other digital assets. Exploits, including those stemming from admin key misuse, admin key compromise, or
protocol flaws, have occurred in the past and may occur in the future. The
launch of central bank digital currencies (“CBDCs”) may adversely impact our business. The
introduction of any government-issued digital currency could eliminate or reduce the need or demand for private-sector issued crypto
currencies, or significantly limit their utility. National governments around the world could introduce CBDCs, which could in turn limit
the size of the market opportunity for cryptocurrencies, including ETH. Operational

