TICKER: FIGR
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions, and evolving monetary policies, the securitization market could experience further constraints in the future. Notably, in times of economic distress, creditors may desire to reduce consumers’ credit limits and thereby their ability to continue making draws on their HELOCs, but the TILA’s implementing regulation, Regulation Z, limits their ability to do so unless certain specified circumstances are present, such as the value of the security property declining significantly below its appraised value for purposes of the HELOC. This limitation may further drive constraints in the securitization market. In addition, other matters, such as (i) accounting standards applicable to securitization transactions and (ii) capital and leverage requirements applicable to banks and other regulated financial institutions holding asset-backed securities, could result in decreased institutional investor demand for securities issued through our securitization transactions, or increased competition from other institutions that undertake securitization transactions. In addition, compliance with certain regulatory requirements, including the Dodd-Frank Act, the Investment Company Act, and the so-called “Volcker Rule,” may affect the type of securitizations that we are able to complete. If it is not possible or economical for us to securitize loans in the future, we may need to seek alternative financing to support our loan funding programs and to meet our existing debt obligations. Such funding may not be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If the cost of such loan funding mechanisms were to be higher than that of our securitizations, the fair value of the loans would likely be reduced, which would negatively impact our results of operations. If we are unable to access such financing, our ability to originate loans and our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. 37 Table of Content s The gain on sale and related servicing fees generated by our whole loan sales, and the servicing fees based on sales of asset-backed securities, represent a substantial portion of our earnings. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we recognized gain on sale of our whole loan sales of $145 million and $105 million, respectively, and servicing fees of $32 million and $25 million for the same period. While we have in the past recognized losses on the sale of loan and asset-backed securities, excluding losses incurred on repurchases and charge-offs, such losses have historically been minimal and, as of December 31, 2025, represented 1% of all loans originated since inception. However, we cannot be certain that losses in the future will not materially and adversely impact our business. As we hold more loans on our balance sheet or hold loans for longer periods while interest rates rise, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected, including further reductions in revenue. We cannot assure you that our loan purchasers will continue to purchase loans or securities, either through whole loan sales or asset-backed securities, or that loan purchasers will continue to purchase loans in transactions that generate the same spreads and/or fees that we have historically obtained. Factors that may affect loan purchaser demand for loans include: ■ competition in the whole loan sales and securitization markets where we compete with loan originators and other issuers who can sell either larger loan portfolios or loans, or securitize or sell loan portfolios (which may include loans originated by us or our partners using our platform, on a commingled basis or otherwise) that have characteristics, pricing and terms that may be perceived to be more desirable to certain loan purchasers on the secondary market than those offered in loans originated by us or by our partners using our platform (and purchased by us and/or contributed to asset-based securitization transactions that we facilitate); ■ the extent to which servicing fees and other expenses increase due to delinquencies or defaults may reduce overall net return on purchased pools of HELOCs; ■ the actual or perceived credit performance and loan grade and term mix of the portfolios of loans offered for sale; ■ the loan purchasers’ sector and company investment diversification requirements and strategies; ■ higher-yield investment opportunities at a risk profile deemed similar to our sold loan portfolios; ■ customer prepayment behavior within the underlying pools; ■ regulatory or investment practices related to maintaining net asset value, mark-to-market and similar metrics surrounding pools of purchased HELOCs; and ■ the ability of our loan purchasers to access funding and liquidity channels, including warehouse financing and securitization markets, on terms they find acceptable to deliver an appropriate return net of funding costs, as well as general economic conditions and market trends, such as increasing interest rates, that affect the appetite for loan financing investments. Though certain of our current loan purchasers have committed to minimum purchase volumes, these commitments are generally for short periods of less than six months. We impose a breakage fee on certain of our loan purchasers in the event of failure to satisfy their commitment during the related commitment period, but the loan purchasers may choose to pay the breakage fee by purchasing HELOCs instead of satisfying their loan commitment volume. Potential loan purchasers in our loan funding programs may also demand a lower price on our loans and loan financing products during periods of economic slowdown or recession to compensate for any increased risks. A reduction in the sale price of the loans and loan financing products we sell would negatively impact our revenues, operations, and returns. For example, as interest rates have increased, loan purchasers on the secondary market have reduced the prices they are willing to pay to purchase certain loans we hold, which had been originated during an earlier, lower interest rate environment, and which negatively impacted our revenue. Any sustained decline in demand for loans or loan financing products, or any increase in delinquencies, defaults or losses that result from economic downturns, may also reduce the price we receive on future loan sales. In connection with our loan funding programs, we make representations and warranties concerning the loans sold, and if such representations and warranties are not accurate when made, we could be required to repurchase the applicable loans or indemnify the purchaser. In connection with our loan funding programs, including direct sales, warehouse financings, and asset-backed securitizations, we make numerous representations and warranties concerning the characteristics of the HELOCs and other loans sold and transferred under such transactions, including, among other things, representations and warranties that the 38 Table of Content s loans were originated and serviced in compliance with applicable law and with our credit risk origination policy and servicing guidelines and that each loan was originated by us without any fraud or misrepresentation on our part or, to our knowledge, on the part of the customer or any other person. If those representations and warranties are not accurate when made and are not timely cured or incurable, we may be required to repurchase the underlying loans, replace the affected loans with other loans or make a loss of value payment, as the case may be. Failure to repurchase such loans could constitute a default, an event of default, or a termination event under the agreements governing our various loan funding programs and could require us to indemnify certain financing parties. Through December 31, 2024, we repurchased an immaterial number of HELOCs that we or our partners originated as a result of inaccurate representations and warranties. While only a small number of HELOCs have been historically repurchased by us, there can be no assurance that we would have adequate cash or other qualifying assets available to make such repurchases if and when required. Such repurchases could be limited in scope, relating to small pools of HELOCs, or significant in scope, across multiple pools of HELOCs. If we were required to make such repurchases and if we do not have adequate liquidity to fund such repurchases, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be adversely affected. In addition to loan level representations and warranties, our agreements with the lenders and investors on our securitizations and warehouse credit facilities contain a number of corporate financial covenants and early payment triggers and performance covenants. These facilities are the primary funding sources available to support the maintenance and growth of our business, and our liquidity would be adversely affected by our inability to comply with the various covenants and other specified requirements set forth in our agreements with our lenders and investors, which could result in the early amortization, default and/or acceleration of our existing facilities. Such covenants and requirements include financial covenants, and other events. For a description of these covenants, requirements, and events, see the section titled “Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Debt Obligations.” During an early amortization period or upon the occurrence of a termination event or an event of default, principal collections from the loans in our asset-backed facilities would be applied to repay principal under such facilities rather than be available to fund newly originated loans. Upon the occurrence of a termination event or an event of default under any of our warehouse facilities or indentures that govern our securitizations, the applicable lenders or noteholders could accelerate the related debt and, in the case of most of our warehouse lenders, terminate the related facility. If we were unable to repay the amounts due and payable under such facilities and securitizations, the applicable lenders and noteholders could seek remedies, including against the collateral pledged under such facilities and by the securitization trust. An acceleration of the debt under certain facilities could also lead to a default under other facilities due to cross-default and cross-acceleration provisions. An early amortization event or event of default would negatively impact our liquidity, including our ability to originate new loans, and require us to rely on alternative funding sources, which might increase our funding costs or which might not be available when needed. If we were unable to arrange new or alternative methods of financing on favorable terms, we might have to hold loans on our balance sheet in an amount that may negatively impact our financial condition, or curtail or cease the origination of loans, which could impair our growth, and, in each case, adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, which in turn could adversely affect our ability to meet our obligations under our facilities. Risks Related to Digital Assets A particular digital asset, product or service’s status as a “security” in any relevant jurisdiction is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and if we are unable to properly characterize a digital asset or product offering, or if the regulatory framework with respect to digital assets changes, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, inquiries, investigations, fines, and other penalties, which may adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. The SEC and its staff have taken the position that a range of digital assets, products and services fall within the definition of a “security” under the U.S. federal securities laws. Despite the SEC being the principal federal securities law regulator in the United States, whether or not an asset, product or service is a security or the offering thereof constitutes a securities offering under federal securities laws currently depends on the application of various judicial precedents interpreting the definition of a “security” under the U.S. federal securities laws. To date, the principal legal test that has been applied in analyzing the application of the U.S. federal securities laws to a given digital asset, product or service is the test set forth in the 1946 Supreme Court case SEC v. W.J. Howey Co. for identifying an “investment contract” that constitutes a “security.”  In certain contexts, especially in the context of digital asset yield and earn offerings, the SEC and private plaintiffs have also invoked the test in the 1990 Supreme Court case Reves v. Ernst & Young for identifying a “note” that constitutes a “security.”  The application of these and other relevant judicial precedents requires a highly complex, fact-driven analysis. 39 Table of Content s Accordingly, whether any given digital asset, product or service may ultimately be deemed to be a security is uncertain and difficult to predict notwithstanding the conclusions of the SEC or any conclusions we may draw based on our risk-based assessment regarding the likelihood that a particular digital asset, product or service could be deemed a “security” or “securities offering” under applicable laws. Adding to the complexity, the SEC staff has indicated that the security status of a particular digital asset can change over time as the relevant facts evolve. With limited exception, the SEC and its staff generally do not provide advance guidance of the status of any particular digital asset, product or service as a security or the offering or sale thereof as a securities offering. For example, the SEC’s Strategic Hub for Innovation and Financial Technology published a framework for analyzing whether any given digital asset is a security in April 2019. The SEC staff has also issued certain no-action letters and has brought various enforcement actions and entered into settlements with numerous digital asset economy participants alleging that certain digital assets or digital asset related products or services constituted a securities offering. However, these statements, framework and settled enforcement actions are not rules or regulations of the SEC, and are not binding on the SEC or courts. For instance, on April 5, 2025, then-acting SEC Chair Mark Uyeda announced that the SEC is conducting a review of the April 2019 digital asset security framework and other related guidance issued between 2019 and 2022 to determine whether to rescind or modify such guidance. There is therefore no certainty as to whether particular digital assets, products or services are securities or whether the offering of any such digital assets, products or services constitutes a securities offering or implicates a security offering, in each case under the U.S. federal securities laws. Moreover, the SEC and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”) and their senior officials have, at times, taken conflicting positions in public statements and enforcement actions as to whether a particular digital asset is a security. Furthermore, the views of the SEC and its staff in this area have evolved over time, and, at times, have appeared contradictory. Additionally, the Securities Act does not preempt U.S. state law with respect to determining whether a digital asset, product or service is a security. Each state has the right to enforce its own securities laws and may ultimately determine that a digital asset, product or service is a security even if the SEC has elected not to pursue enforcement or it or its staff have given assurances that it would not do so, or a digital asset, product or service is otherwise excluded from the meaning of a security at the federal level. It is also possible that the current administration and the composition of the SEC could substantially impact the future views or approach to enforcement by the SEC and its staff. For example, on February 4, 2025, SEC Commissioner Hester Pierce further elaborated on some of the priorities for the SEC’s newly founded crypto task force, which include: determining the status of digital assets, as well as digital assets lending and staking products, under the federal securities laws; identifying the scope of the SEC’s jurisdiction through no-action relief; providing temporary prospective and retroactive relief for coin offerings for which the issuing entity provides certain information and agrees not to contest the SEC’s jurisdiction in the event of fraud allegations; modifying existing paths to registration, such as Regulation A and Regulation Crowdfunding; updating the special-purpose broker-dealer no-action statement to, among other things, cover broker-dealers that are custodians of digital asset securities alongside digital assets that are not securities; developing a framework within which investment advisers can have custody of client digital assets themselves or with a third party; approving self-regulatory organization proposed rule changes to list new types of digital assets exchange-traded products, including to allow for staking and in-kind creations and redemptions; revising clearing agency and transfer agent rules to allow for the tokenization of securities and other uses of blockchain technology; and facilitating cross-border experimentation. Additionally, in the first and second quarters of 2025, the SEC consented to the dismissal of certain ongoing civil enforcement actions and the closing of investigations into certain entities in the digital asset industry. During the same period, the SEC’s Division of Corporation Finance also issued a statement regarding meme coins and the circumstances under which the staff would not view such assets as securities, which was followed by additional statements at the end of the first quarter and in the second quarter of 2025 providing guidance surrounding the applicability of the securities laws with regard to topics such as Proof-of-Work (“PoW”) Mining Activities, certain stablecoins, Proof-of-Stake (“PoS”) consensus mechanisms, protocol staking, liquid staking tokens, and digital asset-related disclosures in securities offering and registration statements. The SEC also hosted a series of five roundtables between March and June of 2025 on topics relating to defining the security status of digital assets, tailoring regulation for digital asset trading, custody of digital assets, tokenization, and DeFi. Further, the U.S. Department of Justice issued a memorandum in April 2025 indicating that it will prioritize cases related to the use of digital assets in crimes of fraud, terrorism, drugs and human trafficking, organized crime, hacking and gang financing, and that other cases related to digital assets will have less priority. The classification of a digital asset, product, or service as a security under applicable law has wide-ranging implications for the regulatory obligations that flow from the offer, sale, trading, and clearing, as applicable, of such assets, products, or services. For example, a digital asset, product, or service that is a security in the United States may generally only be offered or sold in the United States pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC or in an offering that qualifies for an exemption from registration. Persons that effect transactions in digital assets, products, or services that are securities 40 Table of Content s in the United States may be subject to registration with the SEC as a “broker” or “dealer.” Platforms that bring together purchasers and sellers to trade digital assets that are securities in the United States are generally subject to registration as national securities exchanges, or must qualify for an exemption, such as by being operated by a registered broker-dealer as an ATS in compliance with the SEC’s rules for ATSs. Persons facilitating clearing and settlement of securities may be subject to registration with the SEC as a clearing agency. Subject to certain exceptions and exclusions, companies may be deemed investment companies, subject to registration as such, if: (a) they are engaged in the business of investing, reinvesting, or trading in securities; or (b) if the value of its investment securities is more than 40% of its total assets (exclusive of government securities and cash items) on a consolidated basis. Foreign jurisdictions may have similar licensing, registration, and qualification requirements. We have policies and procedures to analyze whether each digital asset that we seek to facilitate trading of on Figure Exchange, as well as our products and services, could be deemed to be a “security” under applicable laws. Our policies and procedures do not constitute a legal standard, but rather represent our company-developed model, which we use to make a risk-based assessment regarding the likelihood that a particular digital asset, product, or service could be deemed a “security” under applicable laws. There is no guarantee that our application of these policies and procedures will be effective in assessing the regulatory categorization of any given digital asset, and the SEC, state regulatory authorities, private plaintiffs, or a court applying applicable securities laws may reach a conclusion at odds with our ultimate assessment. Although we have an SEC-registered broker-dealer subsidiary, Figure Securities, Inc. (“Figure Securities”), we facilitate most trading activity in digital assets in the United States through our money transmitter subsidiary, Figure Payments Corporation. Because Figure Payments Corporation is not registered or licensed with the SEC or foreign authorities as a broker-dealer, national securities exchange, or ATS (or foreign equivalents), we only permit it to facilitate trading of those digital assets, and offer products and services, for which we determine there are reasonably strong arguments to conclude that the digital asset, product, or service should not be classified as a security. We believe that our process reflects a comprehensive and thoughtful analysis and is reasonably designed to facilitate consistent application of available legal guidance on digital assets, products, and services and to facilitate informed risk-based business judgment. We recognize that the application of securities laws to the specific facts and circumstances of digital assets, products, and services may be complex and subject to change, and that a listing determination does not guarantee any conclusion under the U.S. federal, state, or foreign securities laws. Regardless of our conclusions, we could in the future be subject to legal or regulatory action in the event the SEC or a state or foreign regulatory authority were to assert, or a court were to determine, that a supported digital asset, product, or service offered, sold, or traded on Figure Exchange or a product or service that we offer as a non-security is later deemed a “security” under applicable laws. There can be no assurance that we will properly characterize over time any given digital asset, product, or service offering as a security or non-security, or that the SEC, state, foreign regulatory authority, or a court having final determinative authority on the topic, if the question were presented to it, would agree with our assessment. We expect our risk assessment policies and procedures to continuously evolve to take into account case law, legislative developments, facts, and developments in technology. If an applicable regulatory authority or a court, in either case having final determinative authority on the topic, were to determine that a supported digital asset, product or service currently offered, sold, or traded on Figure Exchange is a security, we would not be able to offer such digital asset for trading, or product or service on Figure Exchange, until we are able to do so in a compliant manner. A determination by the SEC, a state or foreign regulatory authority, or a court that an asset that we currently support for trading on Figure Exchange, or product or service that we offer on Figure Exchange, constitutes a security may result in us removing that digital asset from or ceasing to offer that product or service on Figure Exchange, and may also result in us determining that it is advisable to remove assets from Figure Exchange, or to cease offering products and services on Figure Exchange, that have similar characteristics to the asset, product or service that was alleged or determined to be a security. Alternatively, we may determine not to remove a particular digital asset from Figure Exchange or to continue to offer a product or service on Figure Exchange even if the SEC or another regulator alleges that the digital asset, product or service is a security, pending a final judicial determination as to that digital asset, product or service’s proper characterization, and the fact that we waited for a final judicial determination would generally not preclude penalties or sanctions against us for our having previously made Figure Exchange available for trading that digital asset or offering that product or service on Figure Exchange without registering as a national securities exchange or ATS; as a broker-dealer or investment company; or the tokens that we may issue as securities. As such, we could be subject to judicial or administrative sanctions for failing to offer or sell the digital asset, product or service in compliance with the registration requirements, or for acting as a broker, dealer, national securities exchange, clearing agency, or investment company without appropriate registration or an available exemption or exclusion. Such an action could result in injunctions, cease and desist orders, as well as civil monetary penalties, fines, and disgorgement, criminal liability, and reputational harm. Customers that traded such supported digital asset on Figure Exchange and suffered trading losses could also seek to rescind a transaction that we facilitated on the basis that it was conducted in violation of applicable law, which 41 Table of Content s could subject us to significant liability. We may also be required to cease facilitating transactions in the supported digital asset other than via our licensed subsidiaries, which could negatively impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. Additionally, the SEC has brought and may in the future bring enforcement actions against other digital asset market participants and their product offerings and services that may cause us to modify or discontinue a product offering or service on Figure Exchange. If we were to modify or discontinue any product offering or service or remove any assets from trading on Figure Exchange for any reason, our decision may be unpopular with users, may reduce our ability to attract and retain customers (especially if similar products, services or such assets continue to be offered or traded on unregulated exchanges, which includes many of our competitors), and may adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. Further, if Bitcoin, Ether, certain stablecoins or any other supported digital asset were deemed to be a security under any U.S. federal, state, or foreign jurisdiction, or in a proceeding in a court of law or otherwise, it may have adverse consequences for such supported digital asset. For instance, all transactions in such supported digital asset may have to be registered with the SEC or other foreign authority, or else be conducted in accordance with an exemption from registration, which could severely limit its liquidity, usability and transactability. Moreover, the network on which such supported digital asset is utilized may be required to be regulated or registered as a securities intermediary in one or more different capacities, and thus subject to applicable rules, which could effectively render the network impracticable or inoperable for its existing purposes. Further, it could draw negative publicity and a decline in the general acceptance of the digital asset. Also, it may make it difficult for such supported digital asset to be traded, cleared, settled, and custodied as compared to other digital assets that are not considered to be securities. Specifically, even if transactions in a digital asset were registered with the SEC or conducted in accordance with an exemption from registration, the current intermediary-based framework for securities trading, clearance and settlement is not consistent with the operations of the digital asset market. For example, until recently, the SEC took the position that digital assets that are securities cannot be held on behalf of customers by broker-dealers that also support activity in traditional securities, and the SEC has not permitted public permissionless blockchain-based clearance and settlement systems for securities. While the SEC has updated its guidance to be less prohibitive, there is still no regulatory clarity on whether or how a broker-dealer can custody digital asset securities for customers. While our broker-dealer subsidiary, Figure Securities, has permission to operate an ATS for digital asset securities, Figure Securities is limited in the type of securities it can facilitate trading in, and is not permitted to itself custody customers’ securities. Beyond the United States, several foreign jurisdictions, including jurisdictions where our international operations are located, have taken a broad-based approach to classifying digital assets, products and services as “securities,” while other foreign jurisdictions, such as Switzerland, Malta, and Singapore, have adopted a narrower approach. As a result, certain digital assets, products or services may be deemed to be a “security” under the laws of some jurisdictions but not others. Various foreign jurisdictions may, in the future, adopt additional laws, regulations, or directives that affect the characterization of digital assets, products or services as “securities.” Due to unfamiliarity and some negative publicity associated with digital asset platforms, confidence or interest in digital asset platforms may decline. Digital asset platforms are relatively new. Some of our competitors are unlicensed, unregulated, operate without supervision by any governmental authorities, and do not provide the public with significant information regarding their ownership structure, management team, corporate practices, cybersecurity, and regulatory compliance. As a result, customers and the general public may lose confidence or interest in digital asset platforms, including regulated platforms like ours. Since the inception of the digital asset economy, numerous digital asset platforms have been sued, investigated, or shut down due to fraud, manipulative practices, business failure, insolvency, and security breaches. In many of these instances, customers of these platforms were not compensated or made whole for their losses. Platforms like ours are appealing targets for hackers and malware, and may also be targets of regulatory enforcement actions. In addition, there have been reports that a significant amount of the apparent digital asset trading volume on digital asset platforms may be inflated or otherwise fabricated and false in nature, with a specific focus on unregulated platforms located outside the United States. Such reports may indicate that the market for digital asset platform activities is significantly smaller than otherwise understood. Negative perception, a lack of stability and standardized regulation in the digital asset market, and the closure or temporary shutdown of digital asset platforms due to fraud, business failure, hackers or malware, or government mandated regulation, and associated losses suffered by customers, may continue to reduce confidence or interest in the digital asset economy and result in greater volatility of the prices of assets, including significant depreciation in value. Any of these events could have 42 Table of Content s an adverse impact on our business and our customers’ perception of us, including decreased use of Figure Exchange and loss of customer demand for our products and services. Depositing and withdrawing digital assets into and from Figure Exchange involve risks, which could result in loss of customer assets, customer disputes and other liabilities, and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In order to own, transfer and use a digital asset on its underlying blockchain network, a person must have a private and public key pair associated with a network address, commonly referred to as a “wallet.” Each wallet is associated with a unique “public key” and “private key” pair, each of which is a string of alphanumerical characters. In addition, some digital asset networks require additional information to be provided in connection with any transfer of digital assets to or from Figure Exchange. A number of errors can occur in the process of depositing or withdrawing digital assets into or from Figure Exchange, such as typos, mistakes, or the failure to include the information required by the blockchain network. Alternatively, a user may unintentionally transfer digital assets to a wallet address that the user does not own, control or hold the private keys to. A malicious actor may also take over our customer’s account due to security problems outside of our control, such as malware in the customer’s browser or other account theft/takeover scenarios on the customer side. In addition, each wallet address is generally only compatible with the underlying blockchain network on which it is created. For instance, a Bitcoin wallet address can only be used to send and receive Bitcoins. If any Ether or other digital assets are sent to a Bitcoin wallet address, or if any of the foregoing errors occur, all of the customer’s sent digital assets will be permanently and irretrievably lost with no means of recovery. We have encountered and expect to continue to encounter similar incidents with our customers. Such incidents could result in customer disputes, damage to our brand and reputation, legal claims against us, and financial liabilities, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We have not experienced excessive redemptions or withdrawals, or prolonged suspended redemptions or withdrawals, of digital assets to date. However, similar to traditional financial institutions, we may experience temporary process-related withdrawal delays. For example, we, and traditional financial institutions, may experience such delays if there is a significant volume of withdrawal requests that is vastly beyond anticipated levels. This does not mean we cannot or will not satisfy withdrawals, but this may mean a temporary delay in satisfying withdrawal requests. To the extent we have process-related delays, even if brief or due to blockchain network congestion or heightened redemption activity, and even within the terms of an applicable user agreement or otherwise communicated by us, we may experience increased customer complaints and damage to our brand and reputation and face additional regulatory scrutiny, any of which could adversely affect our business. Our failure to safeguard and manage our and our customers’ fiat currencies and digital assets could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We hold fiat currencies on behalf of our customers and support digital assets via self custody. Our expanding number of regulated entities rely on hot wallets, as well as a small but increasing number of FBO (for the benefit of our customers)  bank accounts, which heightens the complexity of our operations, including fiat and blockchain reconciliations and the maintenance of our internal ledger and related accounting procedures. With respect to digital assets, we also rely on MPC based wallets, which rely on cryptographic protocols that require the holders of multiple, partial private key shares to agree in order to sign and authorize wallet transactions and activities. Sub-custodial arrangements among our various regulated entities adds to the operational complexity of our international operations. Delays, errors, or failures in these operations could result in investigations, regulatory and enforcement actions, or litigation, and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our subsidiary Figure Equity Solutions, Inc., which is registered with the SEC as a transfer agent, serves as the record keeper and the manager of the master policyholder record for YLDS and any digital securities traded on our ATS, including our Blockchain Stock. For its private funds, Figure Markets has an agreement with a third-party fund administrator that handles the accounting for those funds. For those securities for which it acts as transfer agent, Figure Equity Solutions, Inc., maintains transaction information, such as wallet address, asset balance, ownership percentage, number of shares or units, and date of purchase, on the blockchain and personal information, such as the investor’s name, address and other contact information, tax identification number, and other identifying or non-public information, off-chain within Figure Equity Solutions, Inc.’s proprietary systems. DART is part of a dual registry for real property records. DART Collateral Manager LLC acts as the trustee for platform-originated loans. DART Collateral Manager LLC facilitates and documents subsequent transfers. DART monitors all DART Collateral Manager LLC transactions and automatically updates the DART registry with real-time control changes. All DART records are stored on-chain and security interests reflected on the DART registry are recognized by Figure Connect participants via their assent to uniform DART Participation Rules. Our internal accounting team performs a fiat reconciliation, at a minimum, once quarterly to reconcile incoming wires, with automated checks also existing to reconcile security 43 Table of Content s entitlements to digital assets held by customer products that rely on off-chain systems or records include records of ownership filed with local recorder of deeds offices throughout the United States for real-estate secured loans, including HELOCs and DSCR loans, and the filing of UCC-1 financing statements with secretaries of state, where applicable, for digital assets-backed secured personal loans. All other records should be considered to be on-chain, with reconciliation performed automatically, in real time based on changes made by the owner or controller of the asset in Portfolio Manager, impacting the information available on the blockchain. Our ability to manage and accurately safeguard our customers’ assets requires a high level of internal controls. As our business continues to grow and we expand our product and service offerings, we must continue to strengthen our associated internal controls and ensure that our third-party service providers do the same. Our success and the success of our offerings requires significant public confidence in our ability to properly manage customers’ balances and handle large and growing transaction volumes and amounts of customer funds. Any failure by us to maintain the necessary controls or to manage customer digital assets and funds appropriately and in compliance with applicable regulatory requirements could result in reputational harm or significant financial losses, lead customers to discontinue or reduce their use of our products, and result in significant penalties and fines and additional restrictions, which could adversely impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. For example, on February 21, 2025, Bybit, a digital asset exchange based in Dubai, suffered an exploit resulting in the loss of over $1 billion in digital assets from cold wallets used by Bybit to hold digital assets on the Ethereum network. While understanding of the precise nature and cause of the exploit continues to evolve, current analyses suggest potential involvement of state actors, social engineering attacks, and sophisticated exploits of vulnerabilities in the web interface utilized by Bybit to initiate transactions out of multi-signature cold wallets operated by Bybit. We deposit, transfer, and have custody of customer cash and digital assets in multiple jurisdictions. In each instance, we are required to safeguard customers’ assets using bank-level security standards applicable to our hot wallet and storage systems, as well as our financial management systems related to such custodial functions. Our security technology is designed to prevent, detect, and mitigate inappropriate access to our systems, by internal or external threats. We believe we have developed and maintained administrative, technical, and physical safeguards designed to comply with applicable legal requirements and industry standards. However, it is nevertheless possible that hackers, employees, service providers, or others acting contrary to our policies could circumvent these safeguards to improperly access our systems or documents, or the systems or documents of our business partners, agents, or service providers, and improperly access, obtain, or misuse customer digital assets and funds. The methods used to obtain unauthorized access, disable, or degrade service or sabotage systems are also constantly changing and evolving and may be difficult to anticipate or detect for long periods of time. We also hold fiat currency and digital assets for administrative and operating purposes. While we take steps to segregate such assets from our user assets, any failure to properly safeguard, manage, or account for these funds could result in financial losses, regulatory scrutiny, reputational harm, or legal liability. A temporary or permanent blockchain “fork” to any supported digital asset could adversely affect our business. Blockchain protocols, including Bitcoin and Ethereum, are open source. Any user can download the software, modify it, and then propose that Bitcoin, Ethereum, or other blockchain protocol users and miners adopt the modification. When a modification is introduced and a substantial majority of users and miners or validators consent to the modification, the change is implemented and the Bitcoin, Ethereum or other blockchain networks, as applicable, remain uninterrupted. However, if less than a substantial majority of users and miners or validators consent to the proposed modification, and the modification is not compatible with the software prior to its modification, the consequence would be what is known as a “fork” (i.e., “split”) of the impacted blockchain protocol network and respective blockchain, with one prong running the pre-modified software and the other running the modified software. The effect of such a fork would be the existence of two parallel versions of the Bitcoin, Ethereum, or other blockchain protocol network, as applicable, running simultaneously, but with each split network’s digital asset lacking interchangeability. Both Bitcoin and Ethereum protocols have been subject to “forks” that resulted in the creation of new networks, including Bitcoin Cash ABC, Bitcoin Cash SV, Bitcoin Diamond, Bitcoin Gold, Ethereum Classic, Ethereum, PoW, and others. Some of these forks have caused fragmentation among platforms as to the correct naming convention for forked digital assets. Due to the lack of a central registry or rulemaking body, no single entity has the ability to dictate the nomenclature of forked digital assets, causing disagreements and a lack of uniformity among platforms on the nomenclature of forked digital assets, and which results in further confusion to customers as to the nature of assets they hold on platforms. In addition, several of these forks were contentious and as a result, participants in certain communities may harbor ill will towards other communities. As a result, certain community members may take actions that adversely impact the use, adoption, and price of Bitcoin, Ether, or any of their forked alternatives. For example, in September 2022, the Ethereum Network successfully completed its Merge, moving from a PoW model to a PoS model. EthereumPoW miners who 44 Table of Content s disagreed with the new consensus mechanism forked the network, which resulted in the EthereumPoW network (“ETHW”). ETHW was driven by a small but vocal group of miners who wished to hold onto revenue as Ethereum switched to PoS. The vast majority of token holder votes preferred the new PoS consensus method. There was no material impact on the Ethereum network as a result of the fork. All Ether holders also became owners of ETHW tokens as a result of the fork. However, not all liquidity providers were able to trade the new token, and the ETHW token almost immediately lost most of its value. Furthermore, forks can lead to new security concerns. For instance, when the Ethereum and Ethereum Classic networks split in July 2016, replay attacks, in which transactions from one network were rebroadcast on the other network to achieve “double-spending,” plagued platforms that traded Ether through at least October 2016, resulting in significant losses to some digital asset platforms. Similar replay attacks occurred in connection with the Bitcoin Cash and Bitcoin Cash SV network split in November 2018. Another possible result of a fork is an inherent decrease in the level of security due to the splitting of some mining power across networks, making it easier for a malicious actor to exceed 50% of the mining power of that network, and thereby making digital assets that rely on PoW more susceptible to attack, as has occurred with Ethereum Classic. We do not believe we are required to support any fork or provide the benefit of any forked digital asset to our customers. However, we may in the future be subject to claims by customers arguing that they are entitled to receive certain forked digital assets by virtue of digital assets that they currently hold. If any customers succeed on a claim that they are entitled to receive the benefits of a forked digital asset that we do not or are unable to support, we may be required to pay significant damages, fines or other fees to compensate customers for their losses. A fork can also divert investors from the supported digital asset to new assets on the fork that are not supported by Figure Exchange. We may not be able to support the forked digital assets for technical, legal, or other reasons. This can adversely impact the trading volume on Figure Exchange. Future forks may occur at any time. A fork can lead to a disruption of networks and our information technology systems, cybersecurity attacks, replay attacks, or security weaknesses. Such disruption and loss could cause us to be exposed to liability, even in circumstances where we have no intention of supporting an asset compromised by a fork. From time to time, we may encounter technical issues in connection with the integration of supported digital assets and changes and upgrades to their underlying networks, which could adversely affect our business. In order to support a digital asset, a variety of front and back-end technical and development work is required to integrate such supported digital asset with our existing technical infrastructure. For certain digital assets, a significant amount of development work is required and there is no guarantee that we will be able to integrate successfully with any existing or future digital asset. In addition, such integration may introduce software errors or weaknesses into Figure Exchange, including our existing infrastructure. Even if such integration is initially successful, any number of technical changes, software upgrades, soft or hard forks, cybersecurity incidents, or other changes to the underlying blockchain network may occur from time to time, causing incompatibility, technical issues, disruptions, or security weaknesses to Figure Exchange. If we are unable to identify, troubleshoot and resolve any such issues successfully, we may no longer be able to support such digital asset, and Figure Exchange and technical infrastructure may be affected, all of which could adversely impact our business. If miners or validators of any supported digital asset demand high transaction fees, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. Customers incur transaction fees when they send certain digital assets from their Figure Markets account to a non-Figure Markets account. In addition, we pay transaction fees when we move digital assets for various operational purposes, for which we do not charge our customers. Such fees have been and may continue to be unpredictable, and may vary depending on a range of factors including activity levels on the relevant blockchain network and parameters specified by the governance processes of the relevant blockchain network. In addition, for PoW and PoS networks, if the block rewards for miners or validators on any blockchain network are not sufficiently high to incentivize miners or validators, miners or validators may demand higher transaction fees, or reject low transaction fees and force users to pay higher fees, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Future developments regarding the treatment of digital assets for U.S. and non-U.S. tax purposes could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Due to the new and evolving nature of digital assets and the absence of comprehensive legal and tax guidance with respect to digital asset products and transactions, many significant aspects of the U.S. and non-U.S. tax treatment of transactions 45 Table of Content s involving digital assets, such as the purchase and sale of digital assets on Figure Exchange, as well as the provision of staking rewards and other digital asset incentives and rewards products, are uncertain, and it is unclear whether, when and what guidance may be issued in the future on the treatment of digital asset transactions for U.S. and non-U.S. tax purposes. In 2014, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) released Notice 2014-21, discussing certain aspects of “virtual currency” for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, in particular, stating that such virtual currency is “property,” is not “currency” for purposes of the rules relating to foreign currency gain or loss, and may be held as a capital asset. From time to time, the IRS has released other notices and rulings relating to the tax treatment of virtual currency or digital assets reflecting the IRS’s position on certain issues. The IRS has not addressed many other significant aspects of the U.S. federal income tax treatment of digital assets and related transactions. There continues to be uncertainty with respect to the timing, character and amount of income inclusions for various digital asset transactions including, but not limited to lending and borrowing digital assets, and other digital asset incentives and products that we offer. Although we believe our treatment of digital asset transactions for U.S. federal income tax purposes is consistent with existing positions from the IRS and/or existing U.S. federal income tax principles, because of the rapidly evolving nature of digital asset innovations and the increasing variety and complexity of digital asset transactions and products, it is possible the IRS and various U.S. states may disagree with our treatment of certain digital asset offerings for U.S. tax purposes, which could adversely affect our customers and the vitality of our business. Similar uncertainties exist in the non-U.S. markets in which we operate with respect to direct and indirect taxes, and these uncertainties and potential adverse interpretations of tax law could impact the amount of tax we and our non-U.S. customers are required to pay, and the vitality of our platforms outside of the United States. There can be no assurance that the IRS, the U.S. state revenue agencies, local U.S. tax authorities or non-U.S. tax authorities will not alter their respective positions with respect to digital assets in the future or that a court would uphold the treatment set forth in existing positions. It also is unclear what additional tax authority positions, regulations, or legislation may be issued in the future on the treatment of existing digital asset transactions and future digital asset innovations under U.S. federal, U.S. state or local, or non-U.S. tax law. Any such developments could result in adverse tax consequences for holders of digital assets and could have an adverse effect on the value of digital assets and the broader digital asset markets. Future technological and operational developments that may arise with respect to digital assets may increase the uncertainty with respect to the treatment of digital assets for U.S. and non-U.S. tax purposes. The uncertainty regarding tax treatment of digital asset transactions impacts our customers, and could impact our business, both domestically and abroad. Our tax information and withholding reporting obligations with respect to digital asset transactions are subject to change. Although we believe we are compliant with U.S. tax reporting and withholding requirements with respect to our customers’ digital asset transactions, the exact scope and application of such requirements, including but not limited to U.S. onboarding requirements through IRS Forms W-9 and W-8, backup withholding, non-resident alien withholding, and IRS Form 1099 and IRS Form 1042-S reporting obligations, is not entirely clear for all of the digital asset transactions that we facilitate. In November 2021, the U.S. Congress passed the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, providing that brokers (which appear to include exchanges such as Figure Exchange) would be responsible for reporting to the IRS the transactions of their customers in digital assets, including transfers to other exchanges or non-exchanges. In June 2024, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released final regulations and issued other administrative guidance on tax information reporting for digital assets (the “Final Regulations”). The Final Regulations introduced new rules related to our tax reporting and withholding obligations on our customer transactions, and there can be no assurance that we will have proper records to ensure compliance for certain legacy customers or transactions. If the IRS determines that we are not in compliance with our tax reporting or withholding requirements with respect to customer digital asset transactions, we may be exposed to significant taxes and penalties, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The Final Regulations will require us to invest substantially in new compliance measures and may require significant retroactive compliance efforts, which also could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, the IRS may issue additional guidance with respect to tax reporting and withholding obligations, which could impose additional burdens on us and result in significant taxes and penalties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Similarly, new rules for reporting digital assets under the global “common reporting standard” as well as the “crypto-asset reporting framework” could be implemented in a manner that affects our international operations by creating new obligations and requiring us to invest in new onboarding and reporting infrastructure. Such rules have been adopted by numerous member and observer states of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development and by the European Commission on behalf of the member states of the European Union. These new rules may give rise to potential 46 Table of Content s liabilities or disclosure requirements for prior customer arrangements and new rules that affect how we onboard our customers and report their transactions to taxing authorities. Additionally, the European Union has issued directives, commonly referred to as the Central Electronic System of Payment information, requiring payment service providers in the European Union to report certain cross-border transactions to taxing authorities on a quarterly basis. Any actual or perceived failure by us to comply with the above or any other emerging tax regulations that apply to our operations could harm our business. The nature of our business requires the application of complex financial accounting rules, and there is limited guidance from accounting standard setting bodies on certain topics. If financial accounting standards undergo significant changes, our results of operations could fluctuate. The accounting rules and regulations that we must comply with are complex and subject to interpretation by the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”), the SEC, and various other bodies formed to promulgate and interpret appropriate accounting principles. Recent actions and public comments from the FASB and the SEC have focused on the integrity of financial reporting and internal controls and many companies’ accounting policies are being subjected to heightened scrutiny by regulators and the public. Further, there has been limited precedent for the financial accounting of digital assets and related valuation and revenue recognition. Moreover, a change in these principles or interpretations could have a significant effect on our reported financial results, and may even affect the reporting of transactions completed before the announcement or effectiveness of a change. For example, in December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2023-08, Intangibles-Goodwill and Other-Crypto Assets: Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets (“ASU 2023-08”), which represents a significant change in how entities that hold digital assets will account for certain of those holdings. Previously, digital assets held were accounted for as intangible assets with indefinite useful lives, which required us to measure digital assets at cost less impairment. Effective as of January 1, 2024, we adopted ASU 2023-08, which requires us to measure digital assets held at fair value at each reporting date, with fair value gains and losses recognized through net income. Fair value gains and losses can increase the volatility of our net income, especially if the underlying digital asset market is volatile. Additionally, on March 31, 2022, the staff of the SEC issued Staff Accounting Bulletin (“SAB”) No. 121 (“SAB 121”), which represented a significant change regarding how a company safeguarding digital assets held for its platform users reports such digital assets on its balance sheet and required retrospective application as of January 1, 2022. In January 2025, the staff of the SEC issued SAB No. 122 (“SAB 122”), which rescinds the previously issued interpretive guidance included within SAB 121. We have adopted SAB 122 as of December 31, 2024 on a retrospective basis. Uncertainties in or changes to regulatory or financial accounting standards could result in the need to change our accounting methods and may retroactively affect previously reported results and impair our ability to provide timely and accurate financial information, which could adversely affect our financial statements, result in a loss of investor confidence, and more generally impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our strategy and focus on delivering high-quality, compliant, easy-to-use, and secure digital assets-related financial services may not maximize short-term or medium-term financial results. We have taken, and expect to continue to take, actions that we believe are in the best interests of our customers and the long-term interests of our business, even if those actions do not necessarily maximize short-term or medium-term results. These include expending significant managerial, technical, and legal efforts on complying with laws and regulations that are applicable to our products and services and ensuring that our products are secure. We also focus on driving long-term engagement with our customers through innovation and developing new products and technologies. These decisions may not be consistent with the short-term and medium-term expectations of our stockholders and may not produce the long-term benefits that we expect, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Banking relationships in the digital asset space have been difficult to obtain and maintain in the recent regulatory climate. Loss of a critical banking or insurance relationship could adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We rely on bank relationships to provide banking rails for our platform. Given the industry in which we operate, our banking partners may view us as a higher risk customer for purposes of their AML programs, notwithstanding the fact that the subsidiaries through which we operate hold all required licenses for their current activities. We may face difficulty establishing or maintaining banking relationships due to instability in the global banking system, increasing regulatory uncertainty and scrutiny, or our banking partners’ policies. The loss of banking partners or the imposition of operational restrictions by banking partners and the inability for us to utilize other redundant financial 47 Table of Content s institutions may result in a disruption of business activity as well as regulatory risks. In addition, as a result of the myriad of regulations, the risks of digital assets generally, the adverse reputational impact of widely publicized negative events (such as FTX Trading Ltd.’s collapse) on our industry, implicit or explicit pressure from banking regulators and supervisors, or in the event of an adverse outcome of any SEC litigation, financial institutions in the United States and globally may decide to not provide, or be prohibited from providing, account, custody, or other financial services to us or the digital asset industry generally. If the financial institutions we rely on face bank resolution or failure, limit or stop their digital asset activities, or if banking access for digital asset participants is restricted in a certain country, it could lead to temporary delays or unavailability of critical services in that country. This may affect our operations, reduce the availability of

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, and other service providers must comply with laws and regulatory frameworks that apply both directly to us and indirectly to our partners, vendors, or service providers. This includes compliance in areas such as lending, consumer protection, privacy, data security, and data protection, especially given our role as a technology provider to financial services firms. Our contractual relationships with our customers also necessitate strict adherence to these legal and regulatory standards to ensure the integrity and security of our operations and services. We hold licenses and currently offer (i) HELOCs directly to consumers through our Figure-branded solutions in Washington D.C. and all states other than Hawaii, and (ii) digital assets-secured personal loans in all states other than Idaho, Illinois, Kentucky, Maryland, Mississippi, South Dakota, Texas, Vermont, and Virginia. Our partners offer HELOCs and other loans directly to consumers using our technology in all states where they are appropriately licensed. In addition, we hold various licenses and registrations for the other financial services we offer at the federal and state level, including those related to consumer credit transactions, mortgage lending, loan servicing and collection activities, money transmission and digital assets transactions, the purchase and sale of whole loans, and other related transactions. While we hold certain licenses in a number of jurisdictions, we may, however, be required to temporarily or permanently cease or 11 Table of Content s reorganize their offerings in certain jurisdictions to obtain additional licenses. Such additional licenses, reorganizations, temporary or permanent cessation of our offerings could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and reputation. • Truth in Lending Act including the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act, and Regulation Z promulgated thereunder and similar state laws, which require certain disclosures to borrowers regarding the terms and conditions of their loans and credit transactions, require creditors to comply with certain lending practice restrictions, and limit the ability of a creditor to impose certain loan terms, take certain actions, or change the terms of a HELOC or other loans we make after origination. • Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (“FDCPA”) and similar state laws, which provides guidelines and limitations on the conduct of certain debt collectors in connection with the collection of consumer debts. The FDCPA limits certain communications with third parties, imposes notice and debt validation requirements, and prohibits threatening, harassing, or abusive conduct in the course of debt collection. While the FDCPA primarily applies to third‑party debt collectors, debt collection laws of certain states impose similar requirements more broadly on creditors who collect their own debts. In addition, the CFPB prohibits unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices (“UDAAPs”) in debt collection, including first‑party debt collection. • Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act (the “RESPA”) and Regulation X promulgated thereunder, which require certain disclosures to be made to the borrower at application and closing, prohibit giving or accepting any fee, kickback, or other thing of value for the referral of real estate settlement services or accepting a portion or split of a settlement fee other than as fair market value for services actually provided, place limitations on affiliated business arrangements, and require mortgage servicers to comply with certain servicing practice obligations, including with respect to escrow account administration and maintenance. • Equal Credit Opportunity Act and Regulation B promulgated thereunder, and similar state fair lending laws, which prohibit creditors from discouraging or discriminating against credit applicants on the basis of race, color, sex, age, religion, national origin, marital status, the fact that all or part of the applicant’s income derives from any public assistance program or the fact that the applicant has in good faith exercised any right under the federal Consumer Credit Protection Act. Fair lending laws of certain states impose similar requirements more broadly by protecting additional classes of applicants and borrowers. • Fair Credit Reporting Act and Regulation V promulgated thereunder and similar state laws, which impose certain obligations on consumer reporting agencies, users of consumer reports and those that furnish information to consumer reporting agencies, including obligations relating to obtaining consumer reports, marketing using consumer reports, taking adverse action based on consumer report information, addressing risks of identity theft and fraud, and protecting the privacy and security of consumer reports and consumer report information. • Section 5 of the FTC Act, which prohibits unfair and deceptive acts or practices in or affecting commerce, and Section 1031 of the Dodd‑Frank Act, which prohibits UDAAPs in connection with any consumer financial product or service, and analogous state laws prohibiting unfair, deceptive, or abusive acts or practices. • Gramm–Leach–Bliley Act and Regulation P promulgated thereunder, which include limitations on financial services firms’ disclosure of nonpublic personal information about a consumer to nonaffiliated third parties, in certain circumstances require financial services firms to limit the use and further disclosure of nonpublic personal information by nonaffiliated third parties to whom they disclose such information and require financial services firms to disclose certain privacy notices and practices with respect to information sharing with affiliated and unaffiliated entities as well as to safeguard personal borrower information, and other state and federal laws and regulations relating to privacy and cybersecurity. • Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, which allows military members to suspend or postpone certain civil obligations, requires creditors to reduce the interest rate to 6.0% on loans incurred before a servicemember entered active duty, and imposes certain obligations and restrictions on the enforcement of loans to servicemembers, including limitations on foreclosure or repossession of property securing certain loans, so that military members can focus on their duties. • Military Lending Act, which provides disclosure requirements, interest rate limitations, substantive conduct obligations and prohibitions on certain behavior relating to loans made to covered borrowers, which include both servicemembers and their dependents. 12 Table of Content s • Fair Housing Act and similar state fair lending laws, which prohibit discrimination in housing on the basis of race, sex, national origin, and certain other characteristics. • Secure and Fair Enforcement for Mortgage Licensing Act, which imposes state licensing requirements on mortgage loan originators. • The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act and Regulation C promulgated thereunder, which require financial institutions to maintain, report, and publicly disclose loan‑level information about their mortgage lending activity in order to help determine whether financial institutions are serving the housing needs of their communities, assist public officials in distributing public‑sector investment so as to attract private investment to areas where it is needed, and assist in the enforcement of fair lending and anti‑discrimination laws. • State laws and regulations that impose requirements related to unfair or deceptive business practices and consumer protection, as well as other state laws relating to privacy, information security, cybersecurity, and conduct in connection with data breaches. • State laws and regulations that impose licensing and other requirements related to money transmission, money services, and virtual currency activity, including with respect to the money transmitter licenses that we hold in most U.S. states and territories. • The Flood Disaster Protection Act, which provides that a regulated lending institution may not make, increase, extend, or renew any loan secured by improved real property that is located in a designated special flood hazard area unless the improved real property is covered by a sufficient flood insurance policy. • Telephone Consumer Protection Act, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, which impose various consumer consent requirements and other restrictions in connection with telemarketing activity and other communication with consumers by phone, fax, or text message, and which provide guidelines designed to safeguard consumer privacy in connection with such communications. • Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, and similar state laws, particularly the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, which authorize the creation of legally binding and enforceable agreements utilizing electronic records and signatures and which require financial services firms to obtain a consumer’s consent to electronically receive disclosures required under federal and state laws and regulations. • Electronic Funds Transfer Act, which regulates electronic fund transfer transactions, including a consumer’s right to stop payments on a pre-approved fund transfer and right to receive certain documentation of the transaction. • U.S. Bankruptcy Code, which prohibits certain contacts with consumers after the filing of bankruptcy petitions and dictates what types of claims will or will not be allowed in a bankruptcy proceeding including how such claims may be discharged. • Americans with Disabilities Act, which has been interpreted to include websites as “places of public accommodations” that must meet certain federal requirements related to access and use. • Right to Financial Privacy Act and similar state laws that were enacted to provide the financial records of financial services firms’ customers a reasonable amount of privacy from government scrutiny. • Bank Secrecy Act, as amended by the USA PATRIOT Act, and regulations promulgated thereunder, which relate to compliance with anti‑money laundering, and counter‑terrorist financing laws and require us, as a money services business, broker-dealer, loan or finance company, and/or other regulated entity, to, among other things, develop, implement, and maintain an anti‑money laundering program, report suspicious activities and transactions to FinCEN, comply with certain reporting and recordkeeping requirements, and collect and maintain information about customers. • The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and other applicable laws concerning or relating to public sector or private sector bribery or corruption. • The regulations promulgated by Office of Foreign Assets Control under the U.S. Department of the Treasury related to the administration and enforcement of trade and economic sanctions against foreign jurisdictions and persons that threaten U.S. foreign policy and national security goals, primarily to prevent targeted jurisdictions and persons from accessing the U.S. financial system. 13 Table of Content s • Federal, state, and self-regulatory organization securities rules and laws, including, among others, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “Advisers Act”), and the Investment Company Act, the rules and regulations adopted under those laws, including those adopted by FINRA, and similar state laws and regulations, which govern how we offer, sell, and transact in our loan financing products. We are also subject to a variety of additional laws and regulations, such as those related to real estate, property and casualty insurance, title insurance, settlement services, mobile‑ and internet-based businesses, data security, privacy, and consumer protection. Further, in connection with the issuance and transfer of YLDS and onboarding to our broker-dealer ATS, we require all participants to complete a know-your-customer (“KYC”) and anti-money laundering onboarding process, consistent with applicable U.S. federal and state financial regulatory requirements. This process is administered directly by us or through a registered transfer agent or broker-dealer and includes the collection of personally identifiable information such as name, date of birth, address, social security number, and contact information. Additionally, if certain digital asset transactions we facilitate or have previously facilitated were to, now or in the future, constitute “commodity interests” or “retail commodity transactions” as defined by and subject to regulation by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”), we could be subject to additional regulatory requirements, licenses, and approvals, including under the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the “CEA”), the rules and regulations promulgated by the CFTC thereunder, and the rules of the National Futures Association (“NFA”). See

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components, features, and product offerings. Our product, engineering, and design teams build our platform and products in light of direct customer feedback, partner dialogue, market opportunity, and investor requirements. In addition, we continuously monitor our funnel to gain a deep understanding of the tasks and workflows we can make more efficient and user-friendly. We analyze the data from tens of thousands of applications flowing through our system to understand opportunities for driving further automation and improvements. We expect costs related to our research and development activities to increase in absolute dollars but decline as a percentage of total revenue as we continue to grow our business. We intend to leverage our existing platform in addition to hiring product, engineering, and design teams to expand our technology and launch products. Intellectual Property We believe that our success depends in part on our ability to obtain, establish, enforce, and defend intellectual property rights in our core technology and innovations. We rely on a combination of trademark, service mark, trade secret, patent, and copyright laws in the United States and other jurisdictions, as well as license agreements, contractual restrictions, non‑disclosure agreements, employee confidentiality, and intellectual property assignment agreements, and other contractual protections and confidentiality procedures, to obtain, establish, enforce, and defend our intellectual property rights. We seek to control access to our proprietary technology by entering into confidentiality and invention assignment agreements with our employees and contractors, and confidentiality agreements with third parties. Though we rely in part upon these legal, contractual, and procedural protections, we believe that factors such as the technological and creative 10 Table of Content s skills of our personnel, creation of new services, features, and functionality, and frequent enhancements to our software platform are more essential to establishing and maintaining our technology leadership position. In addition, we use open source software in certain aspects of our platform. The terms of various open source licenses have not been interpreted by U.S. or foreign courts, and there is a risk that such licenses could be construed in a manner that imposes unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our services. For additional information, see

