TICKER: FMCB
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains, which could increase the costs of doing business for our banking
        customers. Changes in U.S. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing foreign trade, manufacturing, development and investment in the countries where our banking customers currently sell products,
        including agricultural products, and any resulting negative sentiments towards the U.S. and U.S. businesses as a result of such changes, could also have a material adverse effect on our banking customers’ business, financial condition, results of
        operations and cash flows.  If these events negatively affect our banking clients, or general economic conditions nationally, in California, or in our local markets, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely
        affected. The success of a small to medium-sized business often depends on the management skills, talents and efforts of one or a small number of people, and the death, disability or resignation of one or more of these people
        could have a material adverse impact on the business and its ability to repay its loan. If general economic conditions negatively affect California and small to medium-sized businesses are adversely affected or our clients are otherwise affected by
        adverse business conditions or developments, our business, financial condition and operations could be adversely affected. 25 Table of Contents Our profitability depends on interest rates generally, and we may be adversely affected by changes in market interest rates. Our profitability depends in
        substantial part on our net interest income. Our net interest income depends on many factors that are partly or completely outside of our control, including competition, monetary and fiscal policies, and economic conditions generally. Our net
        interest income will be adversely affected if market interest rates change so that the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings increases faster than the interest we earn on loans and investments. An inverted yield curve, such as the one that has
        existed in recent years, places further stress on interest rate risk management. In addition, an increase in interest rates could adversely affect clients’ ability to pay the principal or interest on existing loans or reduce their borrowings. This
        may lead to an increase in our non-performing assets, a decrease in loan originations, or a reduction in the value of and income from our loans, any of which could have a material and negative effect on our operations. Asset liability mismatches
        caused by normal fluctuations in market interest rates could also materially and adversely impact profitability. Fluctuations in market rates and other market disruptions are neither predictable nor controllable and may adversely affect our
        financial condition and earnings. Since 2022, inflationary pressures have affected many aspects of the U.S. economy, including gasoline and fuel prices, and global and domestic supply-chain issues have also had a disruptive effect on many industries,
        including the agricultural industry. In January 2022, due to elevated levels of inflation and corresponding pressure to raise interest rates, the Federal Reserve announced after several periods of historically low federal funds rates and yields on
        Treasury notes that it would be slowing the pace of its bond purchasing and increasing the target range for the federal funds rate over time. The FOMC increased the target range 11 times or 525 basis points from March 2022 to July 2023. The target
        range remained unchanged through much of 2024 until the FOMC decreased the rate 100 basis points during the last four months of the year. The target range remained unchanged through much of 2025 until the FOMC decreased the rate 75 basis points
        during the last four months of the year. As of December 31, 2025, the federal funds rate decreased to 3.75%. It remains uncertain whether the FOMC will further decrease the target range for the federal funds rate to attain a monetary policy
        sufficiently restrictive to return inflation to more normalized levels, begin to increase the federal funds rate or leave the rate at its current elevated level for a lengthy period of time. As noted previously, the current Trump Administration has
        taken steps to increase tariffs on goods imported to the U.S. from certain countries. As a consequence, other countries, in retaliation to the U.S.’s announced tariff measures, announced the imposition of increased levels of tariffs on goods
        exported to such countries by companies in the U.S. The imposition of increased tariffs on imports and exports is believed by some economists to entail the possibility of increased inflationary pressures on the U.S. economy. President Trump imposed
        many of these tariffs by invoking authority under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA). On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that President Trump could not invoke the IEEPA to unilaterally set tariffs on imports,
        thereby invalidating those tariffs implemented using IEEPA. The Trump Administration responded by announcing the imposition of new tariffs under alternative legal authorities to replace the IEEPA tariffs, including an executive order imposing a
        global surcharge (tariff) of 10% on most imports, effective for 150 days. While the President, on February 21, 2026, announced that the tariff rate would be increased to the maximum tariff rate of 15%, U.S. Customs and Border Protection issued
        guidance on February 23, 2026, confirming that the tariff rate is 10%.The impact of these developments on the business of our clients and on our business cannot be predicted with certainty but could present challenges in 2026 and beyond. 26 Table of Contents We face strong competition from banks, credit unions and other financial services providers that offer banking services, which may limit our ability to attract and
          retain banking clients. Competition in the banking industry generally, and in our geographic market specifically, is strong. Competitors include banks, as well as other financial services providers, such as savings and loan institutions,
        consumer finance companies, brokerage firms, insurance companies, credit unions, mortgage banks and other financial intermediaries. Our competitors include several larger national and regional financial institutions whose greater resources may
        afford them a marketplace advantage inasmuch as they may offer a wider array of banking services at better rates and be able to target a broader client base through more extensive promotional and advertising campaigns. Moreover, larger competitors
        may not be as vulnerable as we are to downturns in the local economy and real estate market since they have a broader geographic area and their loan portfolio is more diversified. While our deposit base has increased, several banks have grown their
        deposit market share in our markets faster than we have resulting in a declining relative deposit market share for us in our existing markets. We believe our declining relative market share in deposits has resulted primarily from aggressive
        marketing and advertising, in-migration of more competitors, expanded delivery channels and more attractive rates offered by larger bank competitors. We also compete against community banks, credit unions and non-bank financial services companies
        that have strong local ties. These smaller institutions are likely to cater to the same small to medium-sized businesses that we target. Additionally, non-traditional financial services firms, such as financial technology companies, are less
        regulated and continue to expand their offerings of services traditionally provided by financial institutions. In 2025, the OCC announced its conditional approval of five national trust bank charter applications to either newly charter or convert
        existing institutions into national trust banks that propose to offer digital asset products and services. While national trust banks generally do not take insured deposits or engage in commercial lending, the proposed activities of the five
        institutions include digital asset custody, settlement, clearing, transfer, escrow, staking, trade execution, and brokerage services; fiduciary, exchange, and payment agent services; stablecoin issuance; and the provision of services, including
        reserve asset custody, to affiliated stablecoin issuers. These new non-traditional trust banks offer deposit-like products, although lacking FDIC insurance and core consumer protections, and they are not subject to the same capital, liquidity or
        supervisory standards as banks. Emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence (including machine learning and generative artificial intelligence) and quantum computing, have the potential to intensify competition and accelerate disruption
        in the financial services industry. If we are unable to attract and retain customers, we may be unable to continue to grow our loan and deposit portfolios and our operations and financial condition may otherwise be adversely affected. Ultimately,
        we may be unable to compete successfully against current and future competitors. Our financial results may be impacted by the cyclicality and seasonality of our agricultural lending business. The Company has provided financing to
        agricultural customers in the mid Central Valley of California throughout its history. We recognize the cyclical nature of the industry, often caused by fluctuating commodity prices, changing climatic conditions and the availability of seasonal
        labor, and manage these risks accordingly. The Company remains committed to providing credit to agricultural customers and will always have a material exposure to this industry. Although the Company’s loan portfolio is believed to be well
        diversified, at various times during 2025 a significant portion of the Company’s loans (as much as 28.9%) were outstanding to agricultural borrowers. The Company’s service areas can also be significantly impacted by the seasonal operations of the agricultural industry. As a result, the Company’s financial results can be influenced by the banking needs of its
        agricultural customers. Generally speaking, during the spring and summer customers draw down their deposit balances and increase loan borrowings to fund the purchase of equipment and the planting of crops. Deposit balances are replenished and loans
        repaid in late fall and winter as crops are harvested and sold. As previously noted, increased tariffs by foreign countries on goods exported to such countries from the U.S. could adversely impact agricultural producers in the U.S., including the Company’s customers in the
        agricultural sector. The impact of climate change and governmental and societal responses to climate change, including on the availability of water and the transition to a low-carbon
          economy, could adversely affect our business and our clients’ businesses. California has experienced drought conditions at times over the past several years. These weather patterns reinforce the fact that the long-term risks associated
        with the availability of water are significant. The farming belt of the Central Valley is often cited as an example of an area that experienced extreme drought. However, not all areas of the state are impacted equally, and this is particularly true
        in the Central Valley, which stretches some 450 miles from Bakersfield in the south to Redding in the north. The vast majority of the Company’s agricultural customers are located in the mid Central Valley, an area that benefits from the drainage of
        the Sacramento, American, Mokelumne and Stanislaus rivers. 27 Table of Contents In addition to the impact that climate has on the availability of water, State and Federal regulators ultimately manage this resource, which may also impact the access of our customers’ water. For example, in 2014,
        the State of California passed the Sustainable Groundwater Management Act. All Water Districts must develop plans to comply with the Act, including groundwater recharge programs. Although the exact impact of compliance is not currently known, and
        even prior to 2014 most of the water districts in the Bank’s service area had been developing and implementing management plans, it is possible that some water districts will have to ultimately fallow some ground to achieve compliance with the Act. In recent years, the federal banking agencies have increased their focus on climate-related risks impacting the operations of banks, the communities they serve and the broader financial system. Accordingly, the
        agencies have begun to enhance their supervisory expectations regarding the climate risk management practices of larger banking organizations, including by encouraging such banks to: ensure that management of climate-related risk exposures has been
        incorporated into existing governance structures; evaluate the potential impact of climate-related risks on the bank’s financial condition, operations and business objectives as part of its strategic planning process; account for the effects of
        climate change in stress testing scenarios and systemic risk assessments; revise expectations for credit portfolio concentrations based on climate-related factors; consider investments in climate-related initiatives and lending to communities
        disproportionately impacted by the effects of climate change; evaluate the impact of climate change on the bank’s borrowers and consider possible changes to underwriting criteria to account for climate-related risks to mortgaged properties;
        incorporate climate-related financial risk into the bank’s internal reporting, monitoring and escalation processes; and prepare for the transition risks to the bank associated with the adjustment to a low-carbon economy and related changes in laws,
        regulations, governmental policies, technology, and consumer behavior and expectations. On October 21, 2021, the Financial Stability Oversight Council published a report identifying climate-related financial risks as an “emerging threat” to financial stability. As climate-related supervisory guidance is
        formalized, and relevant risk areas and corresponding control expectations are further refined, we may be required to expend significant capital and incur compliance, operating, maintenance and remediation costs in order to conform to such
        requirements. Climate-related physical changes and hazards, such as wildfires, could also pose credit risks for us. For example, our borrowers may have collateral properties or operations located in areas at risk of wildfires or
        subject to the risk of drought in California. The properties pledged as collateral on our loan portfolio could also be damaged by wildfires, earthquakes or other natural disasters, and thereby the recoverability of loans could be impaired. A number
        of factors can affect credit losses, including the extent of damage to the collateral, the extent of damage not covered by insurance, the extent to which unemployment and other economic conditions caused by the natural disaster adversely affect the
        ability of borrowers to repay their loans, and the cost of collection and foreclosure to us. Additionally, there could be increased insurance premiums and deductibles, or a decrease in the availability of coverage, due to severe losses resulting
        from wildfires or other climate-related physical hazards. The ultimate outcome on our business of a natural disaster, whether or not caused by climate change, is difficult to predict but could have a material adverse effect on financial condition,
        results of operations or profitability. Additional legislation and regulatory requirements and changes in consumer preferences, including those associated with the transition to a low-carbon economy, could increase expenses of, or otherwise adversely
        impact, the Company, its businesses or its customers. We and our customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes, reduced availability of insurance, and the like, as a result of governmental actions or societal
        responses to climate change. New and/or more stringent regulatory requirements relating to climate change or environmental sustainability could materially affect the Company’s results of operations by increasing our compliance costs. Regulatory
        changes or market shifts to low-carbon products could also impact the creditworthiness of some of our customers or reduce the value of assets securing loans, which may require the Company to adjust our lending portfolios and business strategies. 28 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Growth If we are not able to manage our growth effectively, our future prospects and competitive position could be diminished and our profitability could be reduced. We
          may also incur higher than anticipated costs, and our ability to execute our growth strategy could be impaired. It is our objective to continue to grow our assets and deposits by increasing our product and service offerings and expanding
        our operations organically. Our ability to manage growth successfully will depend on our ability to (i) identify suitable markets for expansion; (ii) attract and retain qualified management; (iii) attract funding to support additional growth; (iv)
        maintain asset quality and cost controls; (v) maintain adequate regulatory capital and profitability to support our lending activities; and (vi) may include finding attractive acquisition targets and successfully acquire and integrate the
        acquisitions in an efficient manner. If we do not manage our growth effectively, we may be unable to realize the benefit from our investments in technology, infrastructure, and personnel that we have made to support our expansion. In addition, we
        may incur higher costs and realize less revenue growth, which would reduce our earnings and diminish our future prospects. Failing to maintain effective financial and operational controls as we grow, such as appropriate loan underwriting
        procedures, adequate allowances for credit losses and compliance with regulatory requirements, could have a negative effect on our financial condition and operations, such as increased credit losses, reduced earnings and potential regulatory
        restrictions on growth. Entering new market areas, new lines of business, or new products and services may subject us to additional risks. A failure to successfully manage these risks may
          have a material adverse effect on our business. As part of our growth strategy, we have implemented and may continue to enter new market areas and new lines of business. We have expanded into the East Bay area of San Francisco and Napa,
        which are relatively new market areas for us. We introduced commercial equipment leasing as a new product line a few years ago. There are risks and uncertainties associated with these efforts, particularly in instances where such product lines are
        not fully mature. In developing and marketing new lines of business and/or new products and services and/or shifting the focus of our asset mix and/or expanding into new markets, we may invest significant time and resources. Initial timetables may
        not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible. External factors, such as compliance with regulations, competitive alternatives in these markets and shifting market preferences, may also affect or limit their successful
        implementation. Failure to successfully manage these risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Related to Our Personnel We may have difficulty attracting additional necessary personnel, which may divert resources and limit our ability to successfully expand our operations. Our









        business plan includes, and is dependent upon, our hiring and retaining highly qualified and motivated associates at every level. We have experienced, and expect to continue to experience, substantial competition in identifying, hiring and
        retaining top-quality associates due to low unemployment rate and new financial institutions entering our markets.  If we are unable to hire and retain qualified personnel, we may be unable to successfully execute our business strategy and manage
        our growth. The unexpected loss of key officers would materially and adversely affect our ability to execute our business strategy, and diminish our future prospects. Our









        success to date and our prospects for success in the future depend substantially on our senior management team. The loss of key members of our senior management team could materially and adversely affect our ability to successfully implement our
        business plan and, as a result, our future prospects. The loss of senior management without qualified successors who can execute our strategy would also have an adverse impact on us. As a community bank, our ability to maintain our positive reputation is critical to the success of our business.  The failure to maintain that reputation may
          materially and adversely affect our financial performance. Our reputation is one of the most valuable components of our business. As such, we strive to conduct our business in a manner that enhances our reputation. This is done, in part,
        by recruiting, hiring and retaining employees who share our core values of being an integral part of the communities we serve, delivering superior service to our clients. If our reputation is negatively affected by the actions of our employees or
        otherwise, our business and, therefore, our operating results may be materially and adversely affected. 29 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Financial Practices Our allowance for credit losses may not be adequate to cover actual losses. A significant source of risk arises from the possibility that we could sustain
        losses due to adverse economic conditions which, among other factors, could cause loan defaults and non-performance on loans. We maintain an allowance for credit losses in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles to provide for
        such defaults and other non-performance. The determination of the appropriate level of this allowance is an inherently difficult process and is based on numerous assumptions. The amount of future losses is susceptible to changes in economic,
        operating and other conditions, including changes in interest rates, which may be beyond our control. In addition, our underwriting policies, adherence to credit monitoring processes, and risk management systems and controls may not prevent
        unexpected losses. Our allowance for credit losses may not be adequate to cover actual credit losses. Moreover, any increase in our allowance for credit losses will adversely affect our earnings. Our financial and accounting estimates and risk management framework rely on analytical forecasting and models, and our risk exposures and losses could be
          significantly greater than our models indicated. The processes we use to estimate our inherent credit losses and to measure the fair value of financial instruments, as well as the processes used to estimate the effects of changing
        interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and operations, depend upon the use of analytical and forecasting models. Some of our tools and metrics for managing risk are based upon our use of observed historical market
        behavior. We rely on quantitative models to measure risks and to estimate certain financial values. Models may be used in such processes as determining the pricing of various products, grading loans and extending credit, measuring interest rate and
        other market risks, predicting losses, assessing capital adequacy and calculating regulatory capital levels, as well as estimating the value of financial instruments and balance sheet items. Poorly designed or implemented models present the risk that our business decisions based on information incorporating such models will be adversely affected due to the inadequacy of that information. Moreover, our
        models may fail to predict future risk exposures if the information used in the model is incorrect, obsolete or not sufficiently comparable to actual events as they occur. We seek to incorporate appropriate historical data in our models, but the range of market values and behaviors reflected in any period of historical data is not at all times predictive of future developments in any
        particular period and the period of data we incorporate into our models may prove to be inappropriate for the period being modeled. In such case, our ability to manage risk would be limited and our risk exposure and losses could be significantly
        greater than our models indicated. This could harm our reputation as well as our revenues and profits. Finally, information we provide to our regulators based on poorly designed or implemented models could also be inaccurate or misleading. Some of
        the decisions that our regulators make, including those related to capital distributions to our shareholders, could be affected adversely due to their perception that the quality of the models used to generate the relevant information is
        insufficient. Impairment of investment securities could require charges to earnings, which would negatively affect our operations. We maintain a significant amount of
        our assets in investment securities, and must periodically evaluate investment securities for current expected credit losses as required by ASC 326.  We evaluate our investment securities portfolio for impairment as of each reporting date. At
        December 31, 2025, we had no investment securities that were impaired. Changes in accounting standards could materially affect our financial statements. The Company’s consolidated financial statements are presented in
        accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, called GAAP. The financial information contained within our consolidated financial statements is, to a significant extent, financial information that is based
        on approximate measures of the financial effects of transactions and events that have already occurred. A variety of factors could affect the ultimate value that is obtained either when earning income, recognizing an expense, recovering an asset or
        relieving a liability. Other estimates that we use are fair value of our securities and expected useful lives of our depreciable assets. From time to time, the FASB and the SEC change the financial accounting and reporting standards that govern the
        preparation of our financial statements or new interpretations of existing standards emerge. These changes can be difficult to predict and operationally complex to implement and can materially affect how we record and report our financial condition
        and results of operations. In some cases, we could be required to apply a new or revised standard retrospectively, resulting in our restating prior period financial statements. 30 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Access to Capital We may be unable to, or choose not to, pay dividends on our common shares. We have consistently declared an annual cash dividend for the last 90 years. Our
        ability to continue to pay dividends depends on various factors. The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank, and does not conduct stand-alone operations, which means that the Bank must first pay dividend(s) to the
        Company.  The FDIC, the DFPI and California corporate and banking laws may, under certain circumstances, prohibit the Bank’s payment of dividends to the Company. Federal Reserve policy requires bank holding companies to pay cash dividends on common
        shares only out of net income available over the past year and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent with the organization’s expected future needs and financial condition. The Company’s Board of Directors may determine that, even
        though funds are available for dividend payments, retaining the funds for other internal uses, such as expansion of our operations, is necessary or appropriate in light of our business plan and objectives. A failure to pay dividends may negatively
        affect your investment. The price of our common shares may fluctuate significantly particularly given the illiquid nature of our common stock and our stock may have low trading volumes,
          which may make it difficult for a shareholder to resell common shares owned at times or prices they find attractive. The stock market and, in particular, the market for financial institution stocks, has experienced significant
        volatility. The markets may produce downward pressure on stock prices for certain issuers without regard to those issuers’ underlying financial strength. As a result, the trading volume in our common shares may fluctuate and cause significant price
        variations to occur. The low trading volume in our common shares on the OTCQX, under the symbol “FMCB,” means that our shares may have less liquidity than other companies, whose shares are more broadly traded.  We cannot ensure that the
        volume of trading in our common shares or the price of our common shares will be maintained or will increase in the future. Our stock price can fluctuate significantly in response to a variety of factors discussed in this section, including, among
        other things: actual or anticipated variations in quarterly results of operations; operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to our Company; news reports relating to trends, concerns and other issues in
        the financial services industry; available investment liquidity in our market area since our stock is not listed on any exchange; and perceptions in the marketplace regarding our Company and/or its competitors. If we need additional capital in the future to continue our growth, we may not be able to obtain it on terms that are favorable. We may need to raise
        additional capital in the future to support our continued growth and to maintain our capital levels. Our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional securities will depend primarily upon our financial condition and the condition of
        financial markets at that time. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional capital in the amounts or on terms satisfactory to us. Our growth may be constrained if we are unable to generate or raise additional capital as needed. Our funding sources may prove insufficient to provide liquidity, replace deposits and support our future growth. We rely on customer deposits, advances
        from the Federal Home Loan Bank of San Francisco (“FHLB”), lines of credit at other financial institutions and the Federal Reserve Bank (“FRB”) to fund our operations. Although we have historically been able to replace maturing deposits and
        advances if desired, we may not be able to replace such funds in the future if our financial condition, the financial condition of the FHLB or market conditions were to change. Our financial flexibility will be severely constrained if we are unable
        to maintain our access to funding or if adequate financing is not available to accommodate future growth at acceptable interest rates. Finally, if we are required to rely more heavily on more expensive funding sources to support future growth, our
        revenues may not increase proportionately to cover our costs. In this case, our profitability would be adversely affected. FHLB borrowings and other current sources of liquidity may not be available or, if available, may not be sufficient to
        provide adequate funding for operations. Furthermore, our own actions could result in a loss of adequate funding. For example, our borrowing capacity at the FHLB could be reduced if we are deemed to have poor documentation or processes.
        Accordingly, we may be required to seek additional higher-cost debt in the future to achieve our long-term business objectives. Additional borrowings, if sought, may not be available to us or, if available, may not be available on favorable terms.
        If additional financing sources are unavailable or are not available on reasonable terms, our growth and future prospects could be adversely affected. 31 Table of Contents We may be adversely affected by the lack of soundness of other financial institutions or financial market utilities. Financial institutions are
        interrelated because of trading, clearing, counterparty or other relationships. Our ability to engage in routine funding and other transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. The rapid contraction of the money supply in 2022 and the first quarter of 2023 materially impacted liquidity levels at many financial institutions. The high-profile bank failures of Silicon Valley Bank, Signature
        Bank and First Republic Bank in 2023, and related negative media attention, also generated significant market trading volatility among publicly-traded bank holding companies and, in particular, regional and community banks. These developments
        negatively impacted customer confidence in the safety and soundness of regional and community banks. These events may also result in potentially adverse changes to laws or regulations governing banks and bank holding companies, enhanced regulatory supervision and examination policies and priorities, and/or the
        imposition of restrictions through regulatory supervisory or enforcement activities, including higher capital requirements and/or an increase in the Bank’s deposit insurance assessments. Although these legislative and regulatory actions cannot be
        predicted with certainty, any of these potential legislative or regulatory actions could, among other things, subject us to additional costs, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer, and reduce our profitability, any of
        which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition. Defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial institutions or financial market utilities, or the financial services
        industry generally, may lead to market-wide liquidity problems and losses of client, creditor and counterparty confidence and could lead to losses or defaults by us or by other financial institutions. Risks Related to Cybersecurity and Information Technology Cyber-attacks or other security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business. In the normal course of business, we collect, process, and
        retain sensitive and confidential information regarding our clients. We also have arrangements in place with other third parties through which we share and receive information about their clients who are or may become our clients. Although we
        devote significant resources and management focus to ensuring the integrity of our systems through information security and business continuity programs, our facilities and systems, and those of third-party service providers, are vulnerable to
        external or internal security breaches, acts of vandalism, computer viruses, misplaced or lost data, programming or human errors or other similar events. 32 Table of Contents Information security risks for financial institutions have increased recently in part because of new technologies, the use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies (including mobile devices) to conduct
        financial and other business transactions, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, perpetrators of fraud, hackers, terrorists, nation-state adversaries, and others any of which may see their effectiveness increase as a
        result of artificial intelligence, including the use of generative AI to conduct more sophisticated social engineering attacks on us or our clients, further increasing risks in this area, including by making fraud detection more difficult. We are
        not able to anticipate or implement effective preventive measures against all potential security breaches, because the techniques used change frequently and because attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. We employ detection and
        response mechanisms designed to contain and mitigate security incidents, but early detection may be thwarted by sophisticated attacks and malware designed to avoid detection. We also face risks related to cyber-attacks and other security breaches in connection with credit and debit card transactions that typically involve the transmission of sensitive information regarding our clients
        through various third parties, including merchant acquiring banks, payment processors, payment card networks and our core processors. Some of these parties have in the past been the target of security breaches and cyber-attacks, and because the
        transactions involve third parties and environments such as the point of sale that we do not control or secure, future security breaches or cyber-attacks affecting any of these third parties could impact us through no fault of our own, and in some
        cases, we may have exposure and suffer losses for breaches or attacks relating to them. We also rely on numerous other third-party service providers to conduct other aspects of our business operations and face similar risks relating to them. While
        we regularly conduct security assessments on these third parties, we cannot be sure that their information security protocols are sufficient at all times to withstand a cyber-attack or other security breach. The access by unauthorized persons to,
        or the improper disclosure by us of, confidential information regarding our clients or our own proprietary information, software, methodologies, and business secrets could result in significant legal and financial exposure, supervisory liability,
        damage to our reputation or a loss of confidence in the security of our systems, products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operations. In the past several years, there have been a number of
        well-publicized attacks or breaches affecting others in our industry that have heightened concern by consumers and have resulted in increased regulatory focus. Furthermore, cyber-attacks or other breaches in the future, whether affecting others or
        us, could intensify consumer concern and regulatory focus and result in reduced use of our cards and increased costs, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. To the extent we are involved in any future cyber-attacks or
        other breaches, our brand and reputation could be affected, and this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operations.  If we experience a cyber-attack, our insurance coverage may not cover all losses, and furthermore,
        we may experience a loss of reputation. We rely on our information technology and telecommunications systems and third-party servicers, and the failure of these systems could adversely affect our
          business. Our business is highly dependent on the successful and uninterrupted functioning of our information technology and telecommunications systems and third-party servicers. We rely on these systems to process deposit services,
        electronic funds transfer services (including wires and ACH), new and renewal loans, provide client service, facilitate collections and share data across our organization. The failure of these systems, or the termination of a third-party software
        license or service agreement on which any of these systems is based, could interrupt our operations. Because our information technology and telecommunications systems interface with and depend on third-party systems, we could experience service
        denials if demand for such services exceeds capacity or such third-party systems fail or experience interruptions. If sustained or repeated, a system failure or service denial could result in a deterioration of our ability to process deposit
        services, electronic funds transfer services (including wires and ACH), new and renewal loans and provide client service or compromise our ability to collect loan payments in a timely manner.  Our ability to adopt new information technology and
        technological products needed to meet our clients’ banking needs may be limited if our third-party servicers are slow to adopt or choose not to adopt such new technology and products. Furthermore, the widespread adoption of new technologies by
        competitors, including artificial intelligence, could require us to make additional substantial investments to modify or adapt our existing products and services or alter the way we conduct business. These and other capital investments in the
        Company's business may not produce the growth in earnings anticipated at the time of the expenditure, and we may not be able to effectively implement new technology-driven products and services or be successful in marketing these products and
        services to our customers. Such a failure to provide this technology and products to our clients could result in a loss of clients, which would negatively affect our financial condition and operations. Implementation of certain new technologies,
        such as those related to artificial intelligence, automation and algorithms, also may have unintended consequences, including fraud or cybersecurity risk, due to their limitations, potential manipulation, or our failure to use them effectively. 33 Table of Contents Other Operational Risks Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating risks and losses to us. Our risk management framework is comprised of various processes,
        systems and strategies, and is designed to manage the types of risk to which we are subject, including, among others, credit, market, liquidity, interest rate and compliance. Our framework also includes financial or other modeling methodologies
        that involve management assumptions and judgment. Our risk management framework may not be effective under all circumstances and may not adequately mitigate any risk of loss to us. If our framework is not effective, we could suffer unexpected
        losses and our financial condition, operations or business prospects could be materially and adversely affected. We may also be subject to potentially adverse regulatory consequences. We are subject to certain operating risks, related to client or employee fraud, which could harm our reputation and business. Employee error, or employee
        or client misconduct, could subject us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our reputation. Misconduct by our employees could include hiding unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of
        our clients or improper use of confidential information. It is not always possible to prevent employee error and misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Employee error could
        also subject us to financial claims for negligence.  If our internal controls fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, or if any resulting loss is not insured, excess insurance coverage is denied or not available, it could have a material adverse
        effect on our financial condition and operations. We depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about clients and counterparties, and our financial condition, operations, financial reporting and
          reputation could be negatively affected if this information is materially misleading, false, inaccurate or fraudulent. In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with clients and counterparties, we may rely on
        information furnished to us by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and other financial information. We also may rely on representations of clients and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that
        information and, with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. In deciding whether to extend credit, we may rely upon our clients’ representations that their financial statements conform to U.S. generally accepted
        accounting principles, or GAAP, and present fairly, in all material respects, the financial condition, operations and cash flows of the client. We also may rely on client representations and certifications, or other auditors’ reports, with respect
        to the business and financial condition of our clients. Our financial condition, operations, financial reporting and reputation could be negatively affected if we rely on materially misleading, false, inaccurate or fraudulent information provided
        by or about clients and counterparties. Catastrophic events including, but not limited to, hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, fires, floods, prolonged drought, and pandemics may adversely affect the
          general economy, financial and capital markets, specific industries, and the Bank. The Bank has significant operations and a significant customer base in regions where natural and other disasters may
        occur. These regions are known for being vulnerable to natural disasters and other risks, such as earthquakes, fires, floods, and prolonged drought. These types of natural catastrophic events at times have disrupted the local economy, the Bank’s
        business and clients, and could pose physical risks to the Bank’s property. In addition, catastrophic events, such as natural disasters or global pandemics, occurring in other regions of the world may have an impact on the Bank’s clients and in
        turn on the Bank. Although we have business continuity and disaster recovery programs in place, a significant catastrophic event could materially adversely affect the Bank’s operating results. Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment We are subject to regulation, which increases the cost and expense of regulatory compliance, and may restrict our growth and our ability to acquire other financial
          institutions. Supervision, regulation, and examination of the Company and the Bank by the bank regulatory agencies are intended primarily for the protection of consumers, bank clients and the DIF of the FDIC, rather than holders of our
        common shares. As a bank holding company under federal law, we are subject to regulation under the BHCA, and the examination and reporting requirements of the Federal Reserve. In addition to supervising and examining us, the Federal Reserve,
        through its adoption of regulations implementing the BHCA, places certain restrictions on the permissible activities for bank holding companies. Changes in the number or scope of permissible activities could have an adverse effect on our ability to
        realize our strategic goals. As a California state-chartered bank that is not a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Bank is separately subject to regulation by both the FDIC and the DFPI. The FDIC and DFPI regulate numerous aspects of the
        Bank’s operations, including adequate capital and financial condition, permissible types and amounts of extensions of credit and investments, permissible non-banking activities and restrictions on dividend payments. We may be required to invest
        significant management attention and resources to evaluate and make any changes necessary to comply with applicable laws and regulations. This allocation of resources, as well as any failure to comply with applicable requirements, may negatively
        affect our operations and financial condition. 34 Table of Contents Banking agencies periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and regulations, and our failure to comply with any regulatory
          actions to which we become subject because such examinations could materially and adversely affect us. The DFPI, the FDIC, and the Federal Reserve periodically conduct examinations of our business, including compliance with laws and
        regulations. Accommodating such examinations may require management to reallocate resources that would otherwise be used in the day-to-day operation of other aspects of our business. If, as a result of an examination, the DFPI or a federal banking
        agency were to determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity or other aspects of our operations had become unsatisfactory, or that we or our management were in violation of any
        law or regulation, it may take a number of different remedial actions as it deems appropriate. These actions could include the power to enjoin “unsafe or unsound” practices, to require affirmative actions to correct any conditions resulting from
        any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to restrict our growth, to assess civil monetary penalties against us, our officers or directors, to remove officers
        and directors and, if it is concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent risk of loss to clients, to terminate our deposit insurance. FDIC deposit insurance is critical to the continued operation of the Bank. If we
        become subject to such regulatory actions, our business operations could be materially and adversely affected. Changes in laws, government regulation and monetary policy may have a material adverse effect on our operations. Financial institutions have been the
        subject of significant legislative and regulatory changes (including the Dodd-Frank Act) and may be the subject of further significant legislation or regulation in the future, none of which is within our control. This may result in repeals of or
        amendments to, existing laws, treaties, regulations, guidance, reporting, recordkeeping requirements, and other government policies.  Significant new laws or regulations or changes in, or repeals of, existing laws or regulations, including those
        with respect to federal and state taxation, may cause our results of operations to differ materially. In addition, the costs and burden of compliance could adversely affect our ability to operate profitably. Further, federal monetary policy
        significantly affects the Bank’s credit conditions, as well as the Bank’s clients, particularly as implemented through the Federal Reserve, primarily through open market operations in U.S. government securities, the discount rate for bank
        borrowings and reserve requirements. A material change in any of these conditions could have a material impact on us, the Bank and the Bank’s clients, and therefore on our financial condition and operations. We are subject to stringent capital requirements. Pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act, the federal banking agencies adopted final rules, or the U.S. Basel III
        Capital Rules, to update their general risk-based capital and leverage capital requirements to incorporate agreements reflected in the Third Basel Accord adopted by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, or Basel III Capital Standards, as well
        as the requirements of the Dodd-Frank Act. The U.S. Basel III Capital Rules are described in more detail in “Supervision and Regulation — Capital Standards” in this Form 10-K. The failure to meet the established capital requirements could result in one or more of our regulators placing limitations or conditions on our activities or restricting the commencement of new activities.  Such
        failure could subject us to a variety of enforcement remedies available to the federal regulatory authorities, including limiting our ability to pay dividends, issuing a directive to increase our capital and terminating our FDIC deposit insurance.
        FDIC deposit insurance is critical to the continued operation of the Bank. Our failure to meet applicable regulatory capital requirements, or to maintain appropriate capital levels in general, could affect client and investor confidence, our
        ability to grow, our costs of funds and FDIC insurance costs, our ability to pay dividends on common shares, our ability to make acquisitions, and our operations and financial condition, generally. We may be required to contribute capital or assets to the Bank that could otherwise be invested or deployed more profitably elsewhere. Federal law and
        regulatory policy impose a number of obligations on bank holding companies designed to reduce potential loss exposure to the clients of insured depository subsidiaries and to the FDIC’s DIF. For example, a bank holding company is required to serve
        as a source of financial strength to its FDIC-insured depository subsidiaries and to commit financial resources to support such institutions where it might not do so otherwise. These situations include guaranteeing the compliance of an
        “undercapitalized” bank with its obligations under a capital restoration plan. 35 Table of Contents A capital injection into the Bank may be required at times when we do not have the resources to provide it at the holding company level; therefore, we may be required to issue common shares or debt to obtain the
        required capital. Issuing additional common shares would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage of ownership and could cause the price of our common shares to decline. Any debt would be entitled to a priority of payment over the claims of the
        Company’s general unsecured creditors or equity holders. Thus, any Company borrowing to make the required capital injection may be expensive and adversely affect our cash flows, financial condition, operations, and business prospects. We face a risk of non-compliance and enforcement actions with respect to the Bank Secrecy Act (“BSA”) and other anti-money laundering statutes and regulations. Like









        all U.S. financial institutions, we are subject to monitoring requirements under federal law, including anti-money laundering, or AML, and BSA matters. Since September 11, 2001, banking regulators have intensified their focus on AML and BSA
        compliance requirements, particularly the AML provisions of the USA Patriot Act. There is also increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced by the U.S. Treasury Department’s OFAC, which involve sanctions for dealing with certain persons
        or countries. While the Bank has adopted policies, procedures and controls to comply with the BSA, other AML statutes and regulations and OFAC regulations, this aggressive supervision and examination and increased likelihood of enforcement actions
        may increase our operating costs, which could negatively affect our operations and reputation. We are subject to federal and state fair lending laws, and failure to comply with these laws could lead to material penalties. Federal and state fair
        lending laws and regulations, such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act, impose non-discrimination lending requirements on financial institutions. The FDIC, the Department of Justice, the CFPB and other federal and state
        agencies are responsible for enforcing these laws and regulations. Private parties may also have the ability to challenge an institution’s performance under fair lending laws in private class action litigation. A successful challenge to our
        performance under the fair lending laws and regulations could adversely impact our rating under the CRA, and result in a wide variety of sanctions, including the required payment of damages and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, imposition
        of restrictions on merger and acquisition activity and restrictions on expansion activity, which could negatively impact our reputation, financial condition and operations. Regulations relating to privacy, information security and data protection could increase our costs, affect or limit how we collect and use personal information and
          adversely affect our business opportunities. We are subject to various privacy, information security and data protection laws, including requirements concerning security breach notification, and these laws could negatively affect us.
        Federal law imposes requirements for the safeguarding of certain client information.  Various state and federal banking regulators and states have also enacted data security breach notification requirements with varying levels of individual,
        consumer, regulatory or law enforcement notification in certain circumstances in the event of a security breach. Moreover, legislators and regulators in the United States are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, information security and data
        protection laws that potentially could have a significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of consumer or employee
        information, and some of our current or planned business activities. This could also increase our costs of compliance and business operations and could reduce income from certain business initiatives. Compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information security laws (including those regarding security breach notification) affecting client or employee data to which we are subject could result
        in higher compliance and technology costs and could restrict our ability to provide certain products and services, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial conditions or operations. 36 Table of Contents Our failure to comply with privacy, data protection and information security laws could result in potentially significant regulatory or governmental investigations or actions, litigation, fines, sanctions and damage
        to our reputation, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or operations. Possible changes in the U.S. tax laws could adversely affect our business and result of operations in a variety of ways. We are subject to changes in tax
        law that could increase our effective tax rates. These law changes may be retroactive to previous periods and as a result could negatively affect our current and future financial performance. In particular, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which was
        signed into law in December 2017, includes a number of provisions impacting the banking industry and the borrowers and the market for residential and commercial real estate. Changes include a lower limit on the deductibility of interest on
        residential mortgage loans and home equity loans; a limitation on the deductibility of business interest expense; and a limitation on the deductibility of property taxes and state and local income taxes. The law's limitation on the mortgage
        interest deduction and state and local tax deduction for individual taxpayers has increased the after-tax cost of owning a home for many of our existing clients. The Inflation Reduction Act, which was signed into law in the United States in August
        2022, among other things, imposes a surcharge on stock repurchases. The value of the properties securing loans in our loan portfolio may be adversely impacted as a result of the changing economics of home ownership, which could require an increase
        in our provision for loan losses, which would reduce our profitability and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, these changes implemented by these tax laws could make some
        businesses and industries less inclined to borrow, potentially reducing demand for our commercial loan products. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C. Cybersecurity The federal banking regulators regularly issue new guidance and standards, and update existing guidance and standards, regarding cybersecurity intended to enhance cyber risk management among financial institutions.
        Financial institutions are expected to comply with such guidance and standards and to accordingly develop appropriate security controls and risk management processes. If we fail to observe such regulatory guidance or standards, we could be subject
        to various regulatory sanctions, including financial penalties. In 2023, the SEC issued a final rule that requires disclosure of material cybersecurity incidents, as well as cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance. Under this rule,
        banking organizations that are SEC registrants must generally disclose information about a material cybersecurity incident within four business days of determining it is material with periodic updates as to the status of the incident in subsequent
        filings as necessary. Under a final rule adopted by federal banking agencies in 2021, banking organizations are required to notify their primary banking regulator within 36 hours of determining that a “computer-security incident” has
        materially disrupted or degraded, or is reasonably likely to materially disrupt or degrade, the banking organization’s ability to carry out banking operations or deliver banking products and services to a material portion of its customer base, its
        businesses and operations that would result in material loss, or its operations that would impact the stability of the United States. The federal banking agencies have also adopted guidelines for establishing information security standards and
        cybersecurity programs for implementing safeguards under the supervision of the Board of Directors. These guidelines, along with related regulatory materials, increasingly focus on risk management and processes related to information technology and
        the use of third parties in the provision of financial services. Moreover, recent cyberattacks against banks and other financial institutions that resulted in unauthorized access to confidential customer information have prompted the federal
        banking regulators to issue more extensive guidance on cybersecurity risk management. Among other things, financial institutions are expected to design multiple layers of security controls to establish lines of defense and ensure that their risk
        management processes address the risks posed by compromised customer credentials, including security measures to authenticate customers accessing internet-based services. A financial institution also should have a robust business continuity program
        to recover from a cyberattack and procedures for monitoring the security of third-party service providers that may have access to nonpublic data at the institution. 37 Table of Contents State regulators have also been increasingly active in implementing privacy and cybersecurity standards and regulations. Several states have adopted regulations requiring certain financial institutions to implement
        cybersecurity programs, and many states have also recently implemented or modified their data breach notification, information security and data privacy requirements. We expect this trend of state-level activity in those areas to continue and are
        continually monitoring developments in the states in which our customers are located. Risks and exposures related to cybersecurity attacks, including litigation and enforcement risks, are expected to be elevated for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these
        threats, as well as due to the expanding use of Internet banking, mobile banking and other technology-based products and services by us and our customers. Implementation of certain new technologies, such as those related to artificial intelligence,
        automation and algorithms, also may have unintended consequences, including fraud or cybersecurity risk, due to their limitations, potential manipulation, or our failure to use them effectively. See

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and independent contractors. We are firmly committed to providing equal employment and advancement opportunities to all qualified individuals and will not tolerate any discrimination or harassment of any kind. Team members are encouraged to
        immediately report any discrimination or harassment to their supervisor and human resources. Policies and Planning We are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer and enforce those values throughout all of our operations. We prohibit discrimination in hiring or advancement against any individual on the basis of race, color,
        religion, gender, sex, national origin, age, marital status, pregnancy, physical or mental disability, genetics, veteran status, sexual orientation, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We strive to ensure our team members have access to working conditions that provide a safe and healthy environment, free from work-related injuries and illnesses. Many of our locations employ badges and keypads to
        enter or to enter restricted areas of locations that have a public presence. Each year our annual planning and budgeting process involves an assessment of staffing levels and skills and results in the development of targets for recruitment and training. In addition, our Board of Directors
        reviews all succession plans in place for key personnel. Recruitment We strive to recruit talent from both local educational institutions and the banking industry. The Company has full-time staff dedicated to our recruitment efforts and we utilize many of the major recruitment firms
        and websites. Annually, we visit local colleges and universities for job fairs and other recruitment events, which we believe allows us to identify those students who have the skills and aptitudes we need in the Company. The results of these
        efforts has been a consistent flow of candidates to fill our staffing needs as we grow. Compensation Salary and Bonuses We have job descriptions and salary grade ranges for all of our positions. Annually, we use outside survey firms to provide information on market pay. We also pay performance-based bonuses to our employees. We use
        different performance-based bonus programs for those in business generating roles and those in administrative support roles to ensure incentives align with job responsibilities and proper segregation of duties. We believe that this
        “pay-for-performance” approach allows us to effectively recruit and retain key employees. Retirement Plans All employees are eligible to participate and make contributions into the 401(k) portion of the Profit Sharing Plan after completing 120 days of service. The Company makes contributions equal to 5% of the employee’s
        eligible compensation plus a discretionary contribution determined annually by the Board of Directors. Eligible employees begin participating in the employer contributions portion of the Profit Sharing Plan if they have worked at least 1,000 hours
        during the year and are employed by the Company on December 31 st . This is not a matching based program; employees receive these contributions regardless of whether they make individual contributions to our 401(k) program. Contributions
        by the Company for the Profit Sharing Plan are made at a level that we believe helps us in recruitment and retention. 7 Table of Contents The Company, through the Bank, sponsored an Executive Retirement Plan (“ERP”) for certain executive level employees and a Senior Management Retention Plan (“SMRP”) for certain senior level employees. The ERP and SMRP
        were non-qualified deferred compensation plans and were developed to supplement the Company’s Profit Sharing Plan. Effective November 29, 2024, both plans were terminated and frozen. The liquidation of both plans occurred on December 10, 2025.
        These plans were replaced with a new restricted stock compensation plan as described in the following paragraph. Stock Compensation Plan At the special meeting of shareholders held on November 25, 2024, the Company’s shareholders approved the Farmers & Merchants Bancorp 2025 Restricted Stock Retirement Plan (the “2025 Plan”). The 2025 Plan permits
        stock-based compensation awards to employees, officers and directors of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The 2025 Plan authorized awards up to 80,000 shares. Under the 2025 Plan, the first grant was awarded in February 2025 and two
        additional grant awards were made during the remainder of 2025. The 2025 Plan was designed to replace the ERP and SMRP plans described above. Medical and Other Benefits In addition to competitive salaries, incentives and retirement benefits, we provide comprehensive medical, dental, and vision plans, health savings accounts, paid sick time, long-term disability, basic life and
        accidental death and dismemberment insurance, flexible spending accounts, and employee assistance and wellness programs. Training Job Related We support team members, should they wish to continue their education in subjects and fields that are directly related to our operations, activities, and objectives. We encourage our team members to pursue
        educational opportunities that will help improve job performance and professional development. To further this goal, we reimburse tuition and certain fees for satisfactory completion of approved educational courses and certain certifications.
        Included are college credit courses at accredited colleges and universities, continuing education courses and certification exams. Harassment Prevention The Company assigns all employees harassment prevention training. Every two years, non-supervisory employees receive one hour of harassment prevention training while
        supervisors receive two hours of harassment prevention training. Newly hired employees are assigned harassment prevention and must complete the training within six months of hire or promotion. Following the initial training, all employees must
        complete training every two years, at minimum. As of December 31, 2025, all employees had met their harassment prevention training requirements for 2025. Performance Evaluation The Company has implemented a Performance Planning, Coaching and Evaluation (“PPC&E”) system that requires each year that employees and their managers establish detailed goals and objectives. Annually, employees
        are reviewed relative to their progress in achieving those goals, with the objective of reducing performance surprises and encouraging behavior that is consistent with Company objectives. We believe that this PPC&E discipline is important in
        retaining and growing the skills of our employees. Succession Planning The Company has a succession planning process led by the Board of Directors and executive management. The Board engages in strategic planning sessions, which includes board succession plans and succession plans for
        executive management and other key positions. Succession plans are designed to ensure a smooth and orderly transition.  These succession plans are discussed with our regulators during the examination process. 8 Table of Contents Government Policies The Company’s profitability, like that of most financial institutions, is significantly dependent on interest rate differentials. The difference between the interest rates received by the Company on its
        interest-earning assets, such as loans and leases extended to its customers and securities held in its investment portfolio, and the interest rates paid by the Company on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and other borrowings, comprise
        the major portion of the Company’s earnings. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond the control of the Company and the Bank, such as inflation, recession, unemployment, and the monetary policy of the Federal Reserve. The impact that
        changes in economic conditions and governmental policies might have on the Company and the Bank cannot be predicted. The business of the Company is also influenced by the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government and the policies of regulatory agencies, particularly the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve implements
        national monetary policies (with objectives such as curbing inflation and maximum employment, stable prices, and moderate long-term interest rates) through its open-market operations in U.S. Government securities by adjusting the required level of
        reserves for depository institutions subject to its reserve requirements, and by varying the target federal funds and discount rates applicable to borrowings by depository institutions. The actions of the Federal Reserve in these areas influence
        the growth of bank loans and leases, investments, and deposits and affect interest rates earned on interest-earning assets and paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The nature and impact on the Company of any future changes in monetary and fiscal
        policies cannot be predicted. From time to time, legislative acts, as well as regulations, are enacted which have the effect of increasing the Company’s cost of doing business, limiting or expanding permissible activities, or affecting the
        competitive balance between banks and other financial services providers. Proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the operations and taxation of banks, bank holding companies, and other financial institutions and financial services
        providers are frequently made in the U.S. Congress, in the state legislatures including California’s, and before various regulatory agencies. This legislation may change banking statutes and the operating environment of the Company and the Bank in
        substantial and unpredictable ways. If enacted, such legislation or regulations could increase or decrease the cost of doing business, limit or expand permissible activities or affect the competitive balance among banks, savings institutions,
        credit unions, and other financial institutions and financial service providers. The Company cannot predict whether any of this potential legislation will be enacted, and if enacted, the effect that it, or any implementing regulations, would have
        on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. Supervision and Regulation General Bank holding companies and banks are extensively regulated under both federal and state law. The regulation is intended primarily for the protection of the banking system and the FDIC’s Deposit Insurance Fund
          (“DIF”) and clients of insured depository institutions and not for the benefit of shareholders of the Company. This supervisory and regulatory framework subjects banks and bank holding companies to regular examination by their respective
          regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and ratings that, while not publicly available, can affect the conduct and growth of their businesses. These examinations consider not only compliance with applicable laws and regulations,
          but also capital levels, asset quality and risk, management ability and performance, earnings, liquidity, and various other factors. The regulatory agencies generally have broad discretion to impose restrictions and limitations on the operations
          of a regulated entity where the agencies determine, among other things, that such operations are unsafe or unsound, fail to comply with applicable law or are otherwise inconsistent with laws and regulations or with the supervisory policies of
          these agencies. 9 Table of Contents Set forth below is a summary description of the material laws and regulations which relate to the operations of the Company and the Bank. This description does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
        entirety by reference to the applicable laws and regulations. The Company The Company is a registered bank holding company and is subject to regulation under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended (“BHCA”). Accordingly, the Company’s operations are subject to extensive
        regulation, supervision, and examination by the Federal Reserve. The Company is required to file with the Federal Reserve quarterly and annual reports and such additional information as the Federal Reserve may require pursuant to the BHCA. The
        Federal Reserve conducts periodic examinations of the Company. The Federal Reserve may require that the Company terminate an activity, terminate control of, liquidate, or divest certain subsidiaries or affiliates when the Federal Reserve believes the activity or the control of
        the subsidiary or affiliate constitutes a significant risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of any of its banking subsidiaries. The Federal Reserve also has the authority to regulate provisions of certain bank holding company debt.
        Under certain circumstances, the Company must file written notice with, and obtain approval from, the Federal Reserve prior to purchasing or redeeming its equity securities. Under the BHCA and regulations adopted by the Federal Reserve, a bank holding company and its non-banking subsidiaries are prohibited from requiring certain tie-in arrangements in connection with an extension of
        credit, lease or sale of property, or furnishing of services. For example, with certain exceptions, a bank may not condition an extension of credit on a promise by its customer to obtain other services provided by it, its holding company or other
        subsidiaries, or on a promise by its customer not to obtain other services from a competitor. In addition, federal law imposes certain restrictions on transactions between Farmers & Merchants Bancorp and its subsidiaries. Further, the Company
        is required by the Federal Reserve to maintain certain levels of capital. See “Capital Standards.” The Company is prohibited by the BHCA, except in certain statutorily prescribed instances, from acquiring direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 5% of the outstanding voting shares of any company that
        is not a bank or bank holding company and from engaging directly or indirectly in activities other than those of banking, managing or controlling banks, or furnishing services to its subsidiaries. However, the Company, subject to the prior notice
        to, and/or approval of, the Federal Reserve, may engage in any, or acquire shares of companies engaged in any, activities that are deemed by the Federal Reserve to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper
        incident thereto. A bank holding company is required to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary banks and may not conduct its operations in an unsafe or unsound manner. In addition, it is the Federal
        Reserve’s policy that, in serving as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks, a bank holding company should stand ready to use available resources to provide adequate capital funds to its subsidiary banks during periods of financial stress or
        adversity and should maintain the financial flexibility and capital-raising capacity to obtain additional resources for assisting its subsidiary banks. This support may be required at times when a bank holding company may not be able to provide
        such support. A bank holding company’s failure to meet its obligations to serve as a source of strength to its subsidiary banks will generally be considered by the Federal Reserve to be an unsafe and unsound banking practice or a violation of the
        Federal Reserve’s regulations or both. The Company is not a financial holding company for purposes of the BHCA. The Company is also a bank holding company within the meaning of the California Financial Code. As such, the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to examination by, and may be required to file reports with, the
        DFPI. The Company’s common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) under Section 12(g) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). As such, the Company is
        subject to the reporting, proxy solicitation and other requirements and restrictions of the Exchange Act. 10 Table of Contents The Bank The Bank, as a California-chartered non-Federal Reserve member bank, is subject to primary supervision, periodic examination and regulation by the DFPI and the FDIC. If, as a result of an examination of the Bank, the
        FDIC should determine that the financial condition, capital resources, asset quality, earnings prospects, management, liquidity, or other aspects of the Bank’s operations are unsatisfactory, or that the Bank or its management is violating or has
        violated any law or regulation, various remedies are available to the FDIC. Such remedies include the power to issue cease and desist orders regarding or to enjoin “unsafe or unsound” practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions resulting from any violation or practice,
        to issue an administrative order that can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in capital, to restrict the growth of the Bank, to assess civil monetary penalties, to remove or suspend officers and directors, and ultimately to terminate the
        Bank’s deposit insurance, which for a California-chartered bank would result in a revocation of the Bank’s charter. The DFPI has many of the same remedial powers. The term ‘‘unsafe or unsound practice’’ appears in the FDIA for purposes of the
        agencies’ enforcement authority; however, it is not defined in the statute.  In October 2025, the FDIC issued a proposed rule which seeks to implement a consistent definition of ‘‘unsafe or unsound practice’’ that would focus on material risks to
        the financial condition of an institution and would generally require that an imprudent practice, act, or failure to act, if continued, would be likely to materially harm the institution’s financial condition or present a material risk of loss to
        the FDIC’s DIF. Various requirements and restrictions under the laws of the State of California and the United States affect the operations of the Bank. State and federal statutes and regulations relate to many aspects of the Bank’s
        operations, including reserves against deposits, ownership of deposit accounts, interest rates payable on deposits, loans and leases, investments, mergers and acquisitions, borrowings, dividends, locations of branch offices, and capital
        requirements. Further, the Bank is required to maintain certain levels of capital. See “Capital Standards.” The Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) - The Dodd-Frank Act implemented sweeping reform across the U.S.
        financial regulatory framework, including, among other changes: • creating a Financial Stability Oversight Council tasked with identifying and monitoring systemic risks in the financial system; • creating the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (“CFPB”), which is responsible for implementing, examining and enforcing compliance with federal consumer financial protection laws; • requiring the FDIC to make its capital requirements for insured depository institutions countercyclical, so that capital requirements increase in times of economic expansion and decrease in times of economic contraction; • imposing more stringent capital requirements on bank holding companies and subjecting certain activities, including interstate mergers and acquisitions, to heightened capital conditions; • changing the assessment base for federal deposit insurance from the amount of the insured deposits held by the depository institution to the depository institution’s average total consolidated assets less tangible equity, eliminating the
                ceiling on the size of the FDIC’s DIF and increasing the floor on the size of the FDIC’s DIF; • eliminating all remaining restrictions on interstate banking by authorizing state banks to establish de novo banking offices in any state that would permit a bank chartered in that state to open a banking office at that location; • repealing the federal prohibitions on the payment of interest on demand deposits, thereby permitting depository institutions to pay interest on business transaction and other accounts; and 11 Table of Contents • in the so-called “Volcker Rule,” subject to numerous exceptions, prohibiting insured depository institutions and affiliates from certain investments in, and sponsorship of, hedge funds and private equity funds and from engaging in
                proprietary trading. Many of the law’s provisions have been implemented by rules and regulations of the federal banking agencies. The law contains many provisions which have particular relevance to our business, including provisions that
        have resulted in adjustments to our FDIC deposit insurance premiums and that resulted in increased capital and liquidity requirements, increased supervision, increased regulatory and compliance risks and costs and other operational costs and
        expenses, reduced fee-based revenues and restrictions on some aspects of our operations, and increased interest expense on our demand deposits. On May 24, 2018, President Trump signed the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act (“Economic Growth Act”), which repealed or modified certain provisions of the Dodd-Frank
          Act and eased regulations on all but the largest banks. The Economic Growth Act’s highlights include improving consumer access to mortgage credit that, among other things: (i) exempt banks with less than $10 billion in assets from the ability-to-repay
          requirements for certain qualified residential mortgage loans; (ii) do not require appraisals for certain transactions valued at less than $400,000 in rural areas; (iii) exempt banks and credit unions that originate fewer than 500 open-end and
          500 closed-end mortgages from the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act’s (“HMDA”) expanded data disclosures (the provision would not apply to nonbanks and would not exempt institutions from HMDA reporting altogether); (iv) amend the SAFE Mortgage
          Licensing Act by providing registered mortgage loan originators in good standing with 120 days of transitional authority to originate loans when moving from a federal depository institution to a non-depository institution or across state lines;
          (v) require the CFPB to clarify how Truth in Lending Disclosure (“TRID”) rules apply to mortgage assumption transactions and construction-to-permanent home loans as well as outline certain liabilities related to model disclosure use; and (vi)
          provide that federal banking regulators may not impose higher capital standards on High Volatility Commercial Real Estate exposures unless they are for acquisition, development or construction (“ADC”), and clarifies ADC status. In addition, the
          Economic Growth Act’s highlights also include regulatory relief for certain institutions, including among other things, simplifying capital calculations by requiring regulators to adopt a threshold for a community bank leverage ratio of between
          8% to 10%. Institutions under $10 billion in assets that meet such community bank leverage ratio will automatically be deemed to be “well-capitalized”, although regulators retain the flexibility to determine
          that a depository institution may not qualify for the community bank leverage ratio test based on the institution’s risk profile. The Economic Growth Act also exempts community banks from the Volcker Rule’s proprietary trading ban if they have
          less than $10 billion in total consolidated assets and total trading assets and liabilities not exceeding more than five percent of their total assets. The Economic Growth Act also added certain protections for consumers, including veterans and active duty military personnel, expanded credit freezes and created an identity theft protection
          database. The Economic Growth Act also made changes applicable to bank holding companies, as it raises the threshold for automatic designation as a systemically important financial institution from $50 billion to $250 billion in assets, subjects
          banks with $100 billion to $250 billion in total assets to periodic stress tests, exempts from stress test requirements entirely banks with under $100 billion in assets, and required the federal banking regulators , within 180 days of passage, to
          raise the asset threshold under the Small Bank Holding Company Policy Statement from $1 billion to $3 billion. The Economic Growth Act also added certain protections for student borrowers. 12 Table of Contents The current Trump Administration has indicated a desire to reduce the regulatory burden on U.S. companies, including financial institutions. Further, in January 2025, the Acting Chairman of the FDIC
          issued a statement in which he indicated that a matter of FDIC focus (among other things) will include conducting a “wholesale” review of the agency’s regulations, guidance and manuals. President Trump is likely to appoint, or has already
          appointed, new acting leadership of bank regulatory agencies, including the CFPB, and, once appointed, this new agency leadership can rescind informal agency guidance, including advisory opinions, interpretive rules and policy statements,
          creating opportunities for deregulation. On January 20, 2025, President Trump signed an executive order to pause all pending regulations. Sweeping in nature, the order applied to “all executive departments and agencies” while directing them to
          “not propose or issue any rule in any manner, including by sending a rule to the Office of the Federal Register (the “OFR”), until a department or agency head appointed or designated by the President after noon on January 20, 2025, reviews and
          approves the rule.” The order also stated that agencies must “immediately withdraw any rules that have been sent to the OFR but not published in the Federal Register, so that they can be reviewed and approved.” The executive order also stated
          that agencies must “consider postponing for 60 days from the date of this memorandum the effective date for any rules that have been published in the Federal Register, or any rules that have been issued in any manner but have not taken effect,
          for the purpose of reviewing any questions of fact, law, and policy that the rules may raise.” At this time, no details on potential or proposed reforms have been published, and we are uncertain whether the intended deregulation will, in fact, occur, or have a significant impact on the
          Company. Whether and the extent to which any new legislation will result in additional regulatory initiatives and policies, or modifications of existing regulations and policies, which may impact our business, cannot be predicted at this time. No
          current assurance may be given that any other such legislative changes will not have a negative impact on the results of operations and financial condition of the Company and the Bank. Capital Standards The federal banking agencies have risk-based capital adequacy guidelines intended to provide a measure of capital adequacy that reflects the degree of risk associated with a banking organization’s
          operations, both for transactions reported on the balance sheet as assets and for transactions, such as letters of credit and recourse arrangements, that are recorded as off-balance sheet items. In 2013, the Federal Reserve, FDIC, and Office of
          the Comptroller of the Currency issued final rules (the “Basel III Capital Rules”) establishing a new comprehensive capital framework for U.S. banking organizations. The rules implement the Basel Committee’s December 2010 framework, commonly referred to as Basel III, for strengthening international capital standards, as well as implementing certain provisions of
          the Dodd-Frank Act. The Basel III Capital Rules became effective for the Company and the Bank on January 1, 2015 (subject to phase-in periods for some of their components). The Basel III Capital Rules: (i) introduce a
          new capital measure called Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”), and a related regulatory capital ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets; (ii) specify that Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and “Additional Tier 1 capital” instruments, which are instruments
          treated as Tier 1 instruments under the prior capital rules that meet certain revised requirements; (iii) mandate that most deductions or adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of capital; and
          (iv) expand the scope of the deductions from and adjustments to capital, as compared to existing regulations. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, for most banking organizations, the most common form of additional Tier 1 capital is non-cumulative
          perpetual preferred stock and the most common form of Tier 2 capital is subordinated notes and a portion of the allowance for credit losses, in each case, subject to the Basel III Capital Rules’ specific requirements. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, the following are the minimum capital ratios applicable to the Company and the Bank: • 4.0% Tier 1 leverage ratio; • 4.5% CET1 to risk-weighted assets, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7%; • 6.0% Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 8.5%; and • 8.0% total capital to risk-weighted assets, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of at least 10.5%. 13 Table of Contents The Basel III Capital Rules provide for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that: (i) mortgage servicing rights, (ii) deferred tax assets
          arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks, and (iii) significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeds
          10% of CET1 or all such items, in the aggregate, exceed 15% of CET1. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, the effects of certain accumulated other comprehensive income or loss items are not excluded for the purposes of determining regulatory
          capital ratios; however, non-advanced approaches banking organizations (i.e., banking organizations with less than $250 billion in total consolidated assets or with less than $10 billion of on-balance sheet foreign exposures), including the
          Company and the Bank, may make a one-time permanent election to exclude these items. The Company and the Bank made this election in 2015 in order to avoid significant variations in the level of capital depending upon the impact of interest rate
          fluctuations on the fair value of its available-for-sale investment securities portfolio, changes of which are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. The Basel III Capital Rules prescribe a standardized approach for risk weightings that expands the risk weighting categories from the previous four Basel I-derived categories (0%, 20%, 50% and 100%)
          to a larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, generally ranging from 0% for U.S. Government and agency securities, to 600% for certain equity exposures, depending on the nature of the assets. The Basel III capital rules generally
          result in higher risk weights for a variety of asset classes. Additional aspects of the Basel III Capital Rules that are relevant to the Company and the Bank include: • consistent with the Basel I risk-based capital rules, assigning exposures secured by single-family residential properties to either a 50% risk weight for first-lien mortgages that meet prudent underwriting standards or a 100% risk weight
                category for all other mortgages; • providing for a 20% credit conversion factor for the unused portion of a commitment with an original maturity of one year or less that is not unconditionally cancellable (set at 0% under the Basel I risk-based capital rules); • assigning a 150% risk weight to all exposures that are nonaccrual or 90 days or more past due (set at 100% under the Basel I risk-based capital rules), except for those secured by single-family residential properties, which will be
                assigned a 100% risk weight, consistent with the Basel I risk-based capital rules; • applying a 150% risk weight instead of a 100% risk weight for certain high volatility commercial real estate acquisition, development and construction loans; and • applying a 250% risk weight to the portion of mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks that are not deducted from CET1 capital
                (set at 100% under the Basel I risk-based capital rules). With respect to the Bank, the Basel III capital rules also revise the prompt corrective action regulations pursuant to Section 38 of the FDIA. As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s and the Bank’s capital ratios exceeded the minimum capital adequacy guideline percentage requirements of the federal banking agencies for a “well-capitalized”
          institution under the Basel III capital rules on a fully phased-in basis. In December 2017, the Basel Committee published standards that it described as the finalization of the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms, which standards are commonly referred to as Basel IV.
          Among other things, these standards revise the Basel Committee’s standardized approach for credit risk (including the recalibration of the risk weights and the introduction of new capital requirements for certain “unconditionally cancellable
          commitments,” such as unused credit card lines of credit) and provides a new standardized approach for operational risk capital. 14 Table of Contents Under the Basel framework, these standards were generally effective on January 1, 2022, with an aggregate output floor phasing in through January 1, 2027. On July 27, 2023, the federal banking agencies issued a proposed rule to implement the final components of the Basel III standards set by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in 2017, also known
        as the “Basel III end game.” The proposed rule, which would not apply to the Company and the Bank as proposed, would substantially revise the existing regulatory capital framework for institutions with $100 billion or more of assets. The proposed
        rule faced delays and opposition from both banks and regulators through 2023 and 2024. Following President Trump’s reelection, the Basel III end game rules were expected to undergo significant revisions or re-proposals.  Recently, it has been
        reported that the Federal Reserve is actively working with the FDIC and the OCC on a re-proposal of the Basel III end game rule, which is expected to be released sometime in early 2026.  This re-proposal is expected to reflect a more risk-based
        approach and significantly ease the earlier proposal for the biggest banks. Under the current U.S. capital rules, operational risk capital requirements and a capital floor apply only to advanced approaches institutions, and not to the Bank. The impact of Basel IV on us will
          depend on how it is implemented by the federal bank regulators. The current Trump Administration may consider adjustments to these capital and liquidity rules. Whether and the extent to which these proposed rules, or modifications of existing regulations and
            policies, which may impact our business, will be enacted and implemented is uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Prompt Corrective Action (“PCA”) The FDIA requires federal banking agencies to take PCA in respect of depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. The FDIA includes the following five capital tiers: “well
          capitalized,” “adequately capitalized,” “undercapitalized,” “significantly undercapitalized,” and “critically undercapitalized.” A depository institution’s capital tier will depend upon how its capital levels compare with various relevant capital
          measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. The Basel III Capital Rules revised the PCA requirements effective January 1, 2015. Under the revised PCA provisions of the FDIA, an insureddepository institution generally will be
          classified in the following categories based on the capital measures indicated: Minimum to be Categorized as "Well Capitalized" Minimum to be Categorized as "Adequately Capitalized" Under- capitalized Significantly Under- capitalized Critically Under- capitalized Risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets 10.00%+ 8.00%+ < 8.00% < 6.00% N/A Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 8.00%+ 6.00%+ < 6.00% < 4.00% N/A CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets 6.50%+ 4.50%+ < 4.50% < 3.00% N/A Tier 1 leverage capital ratio 5.00%+ 4.00%+ < 4.00% < 3.00% N/A Tangible equity to assets N/A N/A N/A N/A < 2.00% Supplemental leverage ratio N/A 3.00%+ < 3.00% N/A N/A An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than indicated by its capital ratios, if it is determined to be operating in an unsafe or unsound condition
          or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. A bank’s capital category is determined solely for the purpose of applying PCA regulations and the capital category may not constitute an accurate
          representation of the bank’s overall financial condition or prospects for other purposes. The FDIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distributions (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its parent holding company, if the
          depository institution would thereafter be “undercapitalized.” “Undercapitalized” institutions are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit capital restoration plans. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable plan,
          it is treated as if it is “significantly undercapitalized.” “Significantly undercapitalized” depository institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become
          “adequately capitalized,” requirements to reduce total assets, and cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks. “Critically undercapitalized” institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator by the bank
          regulators. 15 Table of Contents The capital classification of a bank holding company and a bank affects the frequency of regulatory examinations, the bank holding company’s and the bank’s ability to engage in certain activities
          and the deposit insurance premium paid by the bank to the FDIC. As of December 31, 2025, we met the requirements to be classified as “well-capitalized” based upon the aforementioned ratios for purposes of the PCA regulations. The Community Bank Leverage Ratio On November 4, 2019, the federal banking agencies jointly issued a final rule that provides for an optional, simplified measure of capital adequacy, known as the community bank leverage ratio
          (“CBLR”) framework, for qualifying community banking organizations consistent with Section 201 of the Economic Growth Act. The CBLR framework is designed to reduce the capital burden by removing the requirements for calculating and reporting
          risk-based capital ratios for qualifying community banking organizations that opt into the framework. The final rule was effective on January 1, 2020. In order to qualify for the CBLR framework, a community banking organization must have a tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than 9%, less than $10 billion in total consolidated assets,
          off-balance-sheet exposures of 25% or less of total consolidated assets, and trading assets and liabilities of 5% or less of total consolidated assets. A qualifying community banking organization that opts into the CBLR framework and meets all
          requirements under the framework will be considered to have met the “well capitalized” ratio requirements under the PCA regulations. Such a community banking organization would not be subject to other risk-based and leverage capital requirements
          (including the Basel III and Basel IV requirements). The CBLR is determined by dividing a financial institution’s tangible equity capital by its average total consolidated assets. The rule describes what is included in tangible equity capital and
          average total consolidated assets. The CBLR framework was available for banks to use in their March 31, 2020, call report. A CBLR bank that ceases to meet any of the qualifying criteria in a future period but maintains a leverage ratio greater
          than 8% will be allowed a grace period of two reporting periods to satisfy the CBLR qualifying criteria or to otherwise comply with the generally applicable capital requirements. Further, a CBLR bank may opt out of the framework at any time,
          without restriction, by reverting to the generally applicable capital requirements. On November 25, 2025, the US federal banking regulators proposed changes to the CBLR framework intended to encourage additional community banks to opt into the
          CBLR framework.  This proposal would reduce the CBLR requirement from 9% to 8% and extend the grace period for qualifying institutions that fall below the 8% ratio to return to compliance from the current two quarters to four quarters, provided
          they maintain a 7% leverage ratio. While we are a qualifying community banking organization, the Company and Bank have not opted into the CBLR framework. Anti-Money Laundering and Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation Title III of the United and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the “USA Patriot Act”), is designed to deny terrorists and criminals the
        ability to obtain access to the U.S. financial system and has significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The USA Patriot Act mandates financial services companies to have policies and procedures with respect to measures designed to address any or all of the following matters: (i) customer identification programs; (ii)
        money laundering; (iii) terrorist financing; (iv) identifying and reporting suspicious activities and currency transactions; (v) currency crimes; and (vi) cooperation between financial institutions and law enforcement authorities. Regulatory
        authorities routinely examine financial institutions for compliance with these obligations, and failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all
        of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is
        required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 16 Table of Contents The U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes under authority of various laws, including designated
        foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. Financial institutions are responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of and transactions with such targets and countries,
        prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Banking regulators examine banks for compliance with the economic sanctions regulations administered by OFAC, and failure
        of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate OFAC programs, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution. Privacy Restrictions The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”) requires financial institutions in the U.S. to provide certain privacy disclosures to customers and consumers, to comply with certain restrictions on the sharing and usage of
        personally identifiable information, and to implement and maintain commercially reasonable customer information safeguarding standards. The Company believes that it complies with all provisions of the GLBA and all implementing regulations and that the Bank has developed appropriate policies and procedures to meet its responsibilities in connection
        with the privacy provisions of the GLBA. Certain state laws and regulations designed to protect the privacy and security of customer information also apply to us and our subsidiaries, including laws requiring notification to affected individuals and
        regulators of data security breaches and laws prohibiting sharing of customer information without the customer’s prior permission. In June 2018, the State of California enacted The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). This law became effective on January 1, 2020, and provides consumers with expansive rights and controls over their
        personal information which is obtained by or shared with “covered businesses”, which includes the Bank and most other banking institutions subject to California law. The CCPA gives consumers the right to request disclosure of information collected
        about them and whether that information has been sold or shared with others, the right to request deletion of personal information subject to certain exceptions, the right to opt out of the sale of the consumer’s personal information and the right
        not to be discriminated against because of choices regarding the consumer’s personal information. The CCPA provides for certain monetary penalties and for its enforcement by the California Attorney General or consumers whose rights under the law
        are not observed. It also provides for damages as well as injunctive or declaratory relief if there has been unauthorized access, theft or disclosure of personal information due to failure to implement reasonable security procedures. The CCPA
        contains several exemptions, including a provision to the effect that the CCPA does not apply where the information is collected, processed, sold or disclosed pursuant to the GLBA if the GLBA is in conflict with the CCPA. In November 2020,
        California voters approved state-wide Proposition 24, also known as the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020 (the “CPREA”) which expanded and amended certain provisions of the CCPA and created the California Privacy Protection
        Agency to enforce privacy rights for Californians and impose fines for violations of such rights. The CPREA requires businesses to share a consumer’s personal information upon the consumer’s request, provides consumers with an opt-out option for
        having their sensitive personal information used or disclosed for advertising or marketing, to obtain permission for collecting data on certain minors, and to correct a consumer’s inaccurate information upon the consumer’s request. It also removed
        the ability of businesses to remedy violations before being penalized for violations and increased the penalties for such violations. Most of the provisions of the CPREA took effect in 2023 but some portions, such as the creation of the new state
        agency, went into effect immediately. While GLBA-regulated nonpublic, personal information generally is exempt under the CCPA, the CCPA and certain other state laws apply to the personal information of representatives of any business contacts that
        the Bank engages with who are California residents, employees who are California residents, and any other personal information that the Bank collects outside of the scope of GLBA, such as with respect to certain data collected from visitors to our
        website. The impact of these laws on the business of the Bank could result in increased operating expenses as well as additional exposure to the risk of litigation by or on behalf of consumers. 17 Table of Contents Dividends and Other Transfer of Funds Dividends from the Bank constitute the principal source of cash to the Company. The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. The Bank is subject to various statutory and regulatory restrictions
        on its ability to pay dividends to the Company. Under such restrictions, the amount available for payment of dividends to the Company by the Bank totaled $131.8 million at December 31, 2025. During 2025, the Bank paid $51.8 million in dividends to
        the Company of which $13.4 million was used for cash dividends to shareholders, $34.7 million was allocated for share repurchases and $3.7 million was used to cover expenses and maintain a cash reserve. The FDIC and the DFPI also have authority to prohibit the Bank from engaging in activities that, in their opinion, constitute unsafe or unsound practices in conducting its business. It is possible, depending upon the
        financial condition of the bank in question and other factors, that the FDIC or the DFPI could assert that the payment of dividends or other payments might, under some circumstances, be an unsafe or unsound practice. Further, the Federal Reserve
        and the FDIC have established guidelines with respect to the maintenance of appropriate levels of capital by banks and bank holding companies under their jurisdiction. Compliance with the standards set forth in such guidelines and the restrictions
        that are or may be imposed under the PCA provisions of federal law could limit the amount of dividends that the Bank or the Company may pay. An insured depository institution is prohibited from paying management fees to any controlling persons or,
        with certain limited exceptions, making capital distributions if after such transaction the institution would be undercapitalized. The DFPI may impose similar limitations on the Bank. See “Prompt Corrective Action” and “Capital Standards”, above,
        for a discussion of these additional restrictions on capital distributions. Transactions with Affiliates The Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on any extensions of credit to, or the issuance of a guarantee or letter of credit on behalf of the Company or other affiliates, the purchase of, or
        investments in, stock or other securities of the Company or other affiliates, the taking of such securities as collateral for loans and leases, and the purchase of assets of the Company or other affiliates. Such restrictions prevent the Company and
        other affiliates from borrowing from the Bank unless the loans are secured by marketable obligations of designated amounts. Further, such secured loans and investments by the Bank to or in the Company or to or in any other affiliates are limited,
        individually, to 10% of the Bank’s capital and surplus (as defined by federal regulations), and such secured loans and investments are limited, in the aggregate as to all affiliates, to 20% of the Bank’s capital and surplus (as defined by federal
        regulations). In addition, the Company and its operating subsidiaries generally may not purchase a low-quality asset from an affiliate, and other specified transactions between the Company or its operating subsidiaries and an
        affiliate must be on terms and conditions that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices. Also, the Bank and its operating subsidiaries may engage in transactions with affiliates only on terms and under conditions that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the Bank or its subsidiaries,
        as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with (or that in good faith would be offered to) non-affiliated companies. California law also imposes certain restrictions with respect to transactions with affiliates. Additionally,
        limitations involving transactions with affiliates may be imposed on the Bank under the PCA provisions of federal law. See “Prompt Corrective Action.” Safety and Soundness Standards The federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines that establish operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and soundness of federally insured depository institutions. The
          guidelines set forth standards for internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation; credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality and earnings. 18 Table of Contents In general, the safety and soundness guidelines prescribe the goals to be achieved in each area, and each institution is responsible for establishing its own procedures to achieve those goals. If an
          institution fails to comply with any of the standards set forth in the guidelines, the financial institution’s primary federal regulator may require the institution to submit a plan for achieving and maintaining compliance. If a financial
          institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, or fails in any material respect to implement a compliance plan that has been accepted by its primary federal regulator, the regulator is required to issue an order directing the
          institution to cure the deficiency. Until the deficiency cited in the regulator’s order is cured, the regulator may restrict the financial institution’s rate of growth, require the financial institution to increase its capital, restrict the rates
          the institution pays on deposits or require the institution to take any action the regulator deems appropriate under the circumstances. Noncompliance with the standards established by the safety and soundness guidelines may also constitute
          grounds for other enforcement action by the federal bank regulatory agencies, including cease and desist orders and civil money penalty assessments. In October 2025, the FDIC issued a proposed rule which would define the term “unsafe or unsound practice” for purposes of the statute that authorizes federal banking agencies to take formal
          enforcement actions – including cease-and-desist orders, civil money penalties, and removal of personnel – against insured depository institutions engaging in unsafe or unsound practices. If implemented, this proposed rule would also revise the
          supervisory framework for the issuance of matters requiring attention (MRA) and other supervisory communications and is intended to promote greater clarity and certainty regarding certain enforcement and supervision standards and to ensure that
          these standards prioritize material financial risks. Since the financial crisis of 2008-2009, the bank regulatory agencies have increasingly emphasized the importance of sound risk management processes and strong internal controls when evaluating the
          activities of the financial institutions they supervise. Properly managing risks has been identified as critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has become even more important as new technologies, product innovation, and
          the size and speed of financial transactions have changed the nature of banking markets. The agencies have identified a spectrum of risks facing a banking institution including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal,
          and reputational risk. In particular, regulatory pronouncements in the past few years have focused on operational risk, which arises from the potential that inadequate information systems, operational problems, breaches
          in internal controls, fraud, or unforeseen catastrophes will result in unexpected losses. New products and services, third-party risk management and cyber-security are critical sources of operational risk that financial institutions are expected
          to address in the current environment. The Bank is expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures, and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring, and management information systems; and
          comprehensive internal controls. Deposit Insurance As an FDIC-insured institution, the Bank is required to pay deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. The premiums fund the Deposit Insurance Fund (“DIF”). The FDIC assesses a quarterly
        deposit insurance premium on each insured institution based on risk characteristics of the institution and may also impose special assessments in emergency situations. Effective July 1, 2016, the FDIC changed the deposit insurance assessment system
        for banks, such as the Bank, with less than $10 billion in assets that have been federally insured for at least five years. Among other changes, the FDIC eliminated risk categories for such banks and now uses the “financial ratios method” to
        determine assessment rates for all such banks. Under the financial ratios method, the FDIC determines assessment rates based on a combination of financial data and supervisory ratings that estimate a bank’s probability of failure within three
        years. The assessment rate determined by considering such information is then applied to the amount of the institution’s average assets minus average tangible equity to determine the institution’s insurance premium. On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule, applicable to all insured depository institutions to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly
          by two basis points consistent with the Amended Restoration Plan approved by the FDIC on June 21, 2022. The FDIC indicated that it was taking this action in order to restore the DIF reserve ratio to the required statutory minimum of 1.35% by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. The FDIC said that the reserve ratio had declined below this level because of the increase in insured deposits since the
          start of the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors that affect the level of the DIF. Under the final rule, the increase in rates began with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023 and will remain in effect unless and until the reserve ratio
          meets or exceeds 2% in order to support growth in the DIF in progressing toward the FDIC’s long-term goal of a 2% reserve ratio. 19 Table of Contents On November 16, 2023, the FDIC issued a final rule to implement a special assessment to recover the loss to the DIF associated with protecting uninsured depositors following the closures in early 2023 of Silicon
        Valley Bank and Signature Bank. Under the final rule, the assessment base for an insured depository institution will be equal to the institution’s estimated uninsured deposits as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to exclude the first $5 billion in
        estimated uninsured deposits. Under the final rule, the FDIC will collect the special assessment at an annual rate of 13.4 basis points (with the special assessment rate for the final collection quarter reduced from 3.36 basis points to 2.97 basis
        points) beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2024 and will continue to collect special assessments for an anticipated total of eight quarterly assessment periods (with a final invoice date of March 30, 2026). This special
        assessment does not apply to the Bank. The Bank’s FDIC premiums were $2.5 million, $2.4 million, and $2.4 million for the three years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Future increases in insurance premiums could have adverse effects
        on the operating expenses and results of operations of the Company. Management cannot predict what the FDIC insurance assessment rates will be in the future. Insurance of a bank’s deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has
        violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, or condition imposed by the FDIC or the Bank’s primary regulator. Management of the Company is not aware of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of the Company’s
        deposit insurance. Community Reinvestment Act (“CRA”) and Fair Lending The Bank is subject to certain fair lending requirements involving lending, investing, and other CRA activities. CRA requires each insured depository institution to identify the communities served by the
        institution’s offices and to identify the types of credit and investments the institution is prepared to extend within such communities including low and moderate-income neighborhoods. It also requires the institution’s regulators to assess the
        institution’s performance in meeting the credit needs of its community and to consider such assessment in reviewing applications for mergers, acquisitions, relocation of existing branches, opening of new branches, and other transactions. A bank may
        be subject to substantial penalties and corrective measures for a violation of certain fair lending laws. A bank’s compliance with the CRA is assessed using an evaluation system, which bases CRA ratings on an institution’s lending, service and investment performance. An unsatisfactory rating may be the basis for denying
        a merger application. The Bank’s latest CRA examination was completed by the FDIC in December 2025 and the Bank received an overall Outstanding rating in complying with its CRA obligations. On October 24, 2023, the federal banking agencies jointly issued a final rule to strengthen and modernize the existing CRA regulations. The final rule took effect on April 1, 2024; however, on March 21, 2024 the
        agencies issued a supplemental final rule extending the applicability date for certain provisions to January 1, 2026. In July 2025, the Federal bank regulatory agencies jointly issued a proposal to rescind the CRA final rule issued in October 2023
        and replace it with the prior CRA regulations that were originally adopted by the agencies in 1995 (and that the agencies continue to apply), with certain technical amendments. The Bank continues to monitor and stay informed on changes to ensure
        compliance with the evolving regulatory framework. 20 Table of Contents Consumer Protection Regulations Banks and other financial institutions are subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to protect consumers in their transactions with banks. These laws include, among others, laws regarding
          unfair and deceptive acts and practices and usury laws, as well as the following consumer protection statutes: Truth in Lending Act, Truth in Savings Act, Electronic Fund Transfer Act, Expedited Funds Availability Act, Equal Credit Opportunity
          Act, Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, Fair Housing Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, GLBA, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Right to Financial Privacy Act, Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, Military Lending
          Act and Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. The FDIC regularly conducts compliance examinations of insured depository institutions to determine whether the institution is meeting its responsibility to comply with the requirements of consumer
          protection laws and regulations. Many states and local jurisdictions have consumer protection laws analogous, and in addition, to those listed above. These federal, state and local laws regulate the manner in which financial
        institutions deal with customers when taking deposits, making loans or conducting other types of transactions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could give rise to regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action by state
        and local attorneys general and civil or criminal liability. Failure to comply with consumer protection requirements may also result in our failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions we may wish
        to pursue or our prohibition from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required. The structure of federal consumer protection regulation applicable to all providers of consumer financial products and services changed significantly on July 21, 2011, when the CFPB commenced
          operations to supervise and enforce federal consumer protection laws. The consumer protection provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the examination, supervision and enforcement of those laws and implementing regulations by the CFPB have created a
          more intense and complex environment for consumer finance regulation. The CFPB has significant authority to implement and enforce federal consumer protection laws and new requirements for financial services products provided for in the Dodd-Frank
          Act, as well as the authority to identify and prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. The review of products and practices to prevent such acts and practices have been a continuing focus of the CFPB, and of banking regulators
          more broadly. The ultimate impact of this heightened scrutiny is uncertain but could result in changes to pricing, practices, products and procedures. It could also result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight, supervision and
          examination, additional remediation efforts and possible penalties. The Dodd-Frank Act also provided the CFPB with broad supervisory, examination and enforcement authority over various consumer financial products and services, including the
          ability to require reimbursements and other payments to customers for alleged legal violations and to impose significant penalties, as well as injunctive relief that prohibits lenders from engaging in allegedly unlawful practices. The CFPB also
          has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders providing for affirmative relief or monetary penalties. The Dodd-Frank Act does not prevent states from adopting stricter consumer protection standards. State regulation of financial products
          and potential enforcement actions could also adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The CFPB is authorized to issue rules for both bank and non-bank companies that offer consumer financial products and services, subject to consultation with the prudential banking regulators. In
          general, however, banks with assets of $10 billion or less, such as the Bank, will continue to be examined for consumer compliance by their primary bank regulator. In February 2025, the director of the CFPB was dismissed by the current Trump Administration and the new Director of the Office of Management and Budget was appointed as acting director of the CFPB.
          The acting director of the CFPB directed agency staff to stop virtually all work, including supervision activities and pending investigations, and announced that the CFPB would not be taking its next draw of federal funding. In May 2025, the CFPB
          revoked nearly 70 guidance documents, and, since February 2025, has dismissed most of its enforcement actions. The funding of the CFPB is the subject of ongoing legal actions and disputes over the amount of funds legally available under statutory
          authorities for the CFPB to request from the Federal Reserve, with Trump Administration officials, including the CFPB’s Acting Director, reportedly saying that they want to abolish the CFPB. In November 2025, in letters to Congressional
          appropriators and President Trump, the CFPB’s Acting Director reported that the CFPB will run out of funds sometime during the first quarter of 2026. In January 2026, the CFPB’s Acting Director, in compliance with a December court order,
          requested $145 million from the Federal Reserve; with this funding, the CFPB will be able to remain open through March 2026. It cannot be predicted at this time what impact these changes will have on the CFPB and its regulatory responsibilities
          in the consumer protection area. 21 Table of Contents Notice and Approval Requirements Related to Control Banking laws impose notice, approval and ongoing regulatory requirements on any stockholder or other party that seeks to acquire direct or indirect "control" of an FDIC-insured depository institution. These laws
        include the BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act. Among other things, these laws require regulatory filings by a stockholder or other party that seeks to acquire direct or indirect "control" of an FDIC-insured depository institution or bank
        holding company. The determination whether an investor "controls" a depository institution is based on all of the facts and circumstances surrounding the investment. As a general matter, a party is deemed to control a depository institution or
        other company if the party owns or controls 25% or more of any class of voting stock. Subject to rebuttal, a party may be presumed to control a depository institution or other company if the investor owns or controls 10% or more of any class of
        voting stock. Ownership by family members, affiliated parties, or parties acting in concert, is typically aggregated for these purposes. If a party's ownership of the Company were to exceed certain thresholds, the investor could be deemed to
        "control" the Company for regulatory purposes. This could subject the investor to regulatory filings or other regulatory consequences. In addition, except under limited circumstances, bank holding companies are prohibited from acquiring, without prior approval: • control of any other bank or bank holding company or all or substantially all the assets thereof; or • more than 5% of the voting shares of a bank or bank holding company which is not already a subsidiary. In September 2024, the FDIC and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued new policy statements on bank merger transactions. The FDIC’s new policy statement, which supersedes the agency’s
          prior policy statement and was intended to provide transparency and clarity around the FDIC’s approach to bank mergers, was opposed by the now Acting Chairman of the FDIC, who argued that this new supervisory guidance potentially makes the bank
          merger process longer, more difficult and less predictable. Further, in his recent statement, the Acting Chairman of the FDIC has indicated that a matter of FDIC focus (among other things) will include improving the bank merger approval process
          and replacing the 2024 Statement of Policy to ensure that merger transactions that satisfy the Bank Merger Act are approved in a timely way. At this time, it cannot be predicted whether and the extent to which this supervisory guidance might be
          modified or withdrawn, or a new approach to bank merger transactions might be implemented. Incentive Compensation In 2010, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued comprehensive guidance intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and
          soundness of those organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The incentive compensation guidance sets expectations for banking organizations concerning their incentive compensation arrangements and related risk management, control and
          governance processes. The incentive compensation guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon three primary
          principles: (1) balanced risk-taking incentives; (2) compatibility with effective controls and risk management; and (3) strong corporate governance. Any deficiencies in compensation practices that are identified may be incorporated into the
          organization’s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or take other actions. In addition, under the incentive compensation guidance, a banking organization’s federal supervisor may initiate enforcement action if
          the organization’s incentive compensation arrangements pose a risk to the safety and soundness of the organization. 22 Table of Contents In 2016, several federal financial agencies (including the Federal Reserve and FDIC) re-proposed restrictions on incentive-based compensation pursuant to Section 956 of the Dodd-Frank Act for
          financial institutions with $1 billion or more in total consolidated assets. For institutions with at least $1 billion but less than $50 billion in total consolidated assets, the proposal would impose principles-based restrictions that are broadly consistent with existing
          interagency guidance on incentive-based compensation. Such institutions would be prohibited from entering into incentive compensation arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by the institution: (i) by providing an executive officer,
          employee, director, or principal shareholder with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits; or (ii) that could lead to material financial loss to the institution. The comment period for these proposed regulations has closed, but a final rule has
          not been published. Depending upon the outcome of the rule making process, the application of this rule to us could require us to revise our compensation strategy, increase our administrative costs and adversely affect our ability to recruit and
          retain qualified employees. Further, as discussed above, the Basel III Capital Rules limit discretionary bonus payments to bank executives if the institution’s regulatory capital ratios fail to exceed certain thresholds that started being phased
          in on January 1, 2016. Available Information Company reports filed with the SEC, including the Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and ownership reports filed by directors, executive officers and principal
        shareholders, can be accessed free of charge through the Company’s website at http://www.fmbonline.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The link to the SEC is on
        the About Us page. The Company’s reports may also be accessed at the SEC’s Internet website (http://www.sec.gov).

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components). The Basel III Capital Rules: (i) introduce a
          new capital measure called Common Equity Tier 1 (“CET1”), and a related regulatory capital ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets; (ii) specify that Tier 1 capital consists of CET1 and “Additional Tier 1 capital” instruments, which are instruments
          treated as Tier 1 instruments under the prior capital rules that meet certain revised requirements; (iii) mandate that most deductions or adjustments to regulatory capital measures be made to CET1 and not to the other components of capital; and
          (iv) expand the scope of the deductions from and adjustments to capital, as compared to existing regulations. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, for most banking organizations, the most common form of additional Tier 1 capital is non-cumulative
          perpetual preferred stock and the most common form of Tier 2 capital is subordinated notes and a portion of the allowance for credit losses, in each case, subject to the Basel III Capital Rules’ specific requirements. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, the following are the minimum capital ratios applicable to the Company and the Bank: • 4.0% Tier 1 leverage ratio; • 4.5% CET1 to risk-weighted assets, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum ratio of CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 7%; • 6.0% Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of at least 8.5%; and • 8.0% total capital to risk-weighted assets, plus the capital conservation buffer, effectively resulting in a minimum total capital ratio of at least 10.5%. 13 Table of Contents The Basel III Capital Rules provide for a number of deductions from and adjustments to CET1. These include, for example, the requirement that: (i) mortgage servicing rights, (ii) deferred tax assets
          arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks, and (iii) significant investments in non-consolidated financial entities be deducted from CET1 to the extent that any one such category exceeds
          10% of CET1 or all such items, in the aggregate, exceed 15% of CET1. Under the Basel III Capital Rules, the effects of certain accumulated other comprehensive income or loss items are not excluded for the purposes of determining regulatory
          capital ratios; however, non-advanced approaches banking organizations (i.e., banking organizations with less than $250 billion in total consolidated assets or with less than $10 billion of on-balance sheet foreign exposures), including the
          Company and the Bank, may make a one-time permanent election to exclude these items. The Company and the Bank made this election in 2015 in order to avoid significant variations in the level of capital depending upon the impact of interest rate
          fluctuations on the fair value of its available-for-sale investment securities portfolio, changes of which are included in accumulated other comprehensive income or loss. The Basel III Capital Rules prescribe a standardized approach for risk weightings that expands the risk weighting categories from the previous four Basel I-derived categories (0%, 20%, 50% and 100%)
          to a larger and more risk-sensitive number of categories, generally ranging from 0% for U.S. Government and agency securities, to 600% for certain equity exposures, depending on the nature of the assets. The Basel III capital rules generally
          result in higher risk weights for a variety of asset classes. Additional aspects of the Basel III Capital Rules that are relevant to the Company and the Bank include: • consistent with the Basel I risk-based capital rules, assigning exposures secured by single-family residential properties to either a 50% risk weight for first-lien mortgages that meet prudent underwriting standards or a 100% risk weight
                category for all other mortgages; • providing for a 20% credit conversion factor for the unused portion of a commitment with an original maturity of one year or less that is not unconditionally cancellable (set at 0% under the Basel I risk-based capital rules); • assigning a 150% risk weight to all exposures that are nonaccrual or 90 days or more past due (set at 100% under the Basel I risk-based capital rules), except for those secured by single-family residential properties, which will be
                assigned a 100% risk weight, consistent with the Basel I risk-based capital rules; • applying a 150% risk weight instead of a 100% risk weight for certain high volatility commercial real estate acquisition, development and construction loans; and • applying a 250% risk weight to the portion of mortgage servicing rights and deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences that could not be realized through net operating loss carrybacks that are not deducted from CET1 capital
                (set at 100% under the Basel I risk-based capital rules). With respect to the Bank, the Basel III capital rules also revise the prompt corrective action regulations pursuant to Section 38 of the FDIA. As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s and the Bank’s capital ratios exceeded the minimum capital adequacy guideline percentage requirements of the federal banking agencies for a “well-capitalized”
          institution under the Basel III capital rules on a fully phased-in basis. In December 2017, the Basel Committee published standards that it described as the finalization of the Basel III post-crisis regulatory reforms, which standards are commonly referred to as Basel IV.
          Among other things, these standards revise the Basel Committee’s standardized approach for credit risk (including the recalibration of the risk weights and the introduction of new capital requirements for certain “unconditionally cancellable
          commitments,” such as unused credit card lines of credit) and provides a new standardized approach for operational risk capital. 14 Table of Contents Under the Basel framework, these standards were generally effective on January 1, 2022, with an aggregate output floor phasing in through January 1, 2027. On July 27, 2023, the federal banking agencies issued a proposed rule to implement the final components of the Basel III standards set by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision in 2017, also known
        as the “Basel III end game.” The proposed rule, which would not apply to the Company and the Bank as proposed, would substantially revise the existing regulatory capital framework for institutions with $100 billion or more of assets. The proposed
        rule faced delays and opposition from both banks and regulators through 2023 and 2024. Following President Trump’s reelection, the Basel III end game rules were expected to undergo significant revisions or re-proposals.  Recently, it has been
        reported that the Federal Reserve is actively working with the FDIC and the OCC on a re-proposal of the Basel III end game rule, which is expected to be released sometime in early 2026.  This re-proposal is expected to reflect a more risk-based
        approach and significantly ease the earlier proposal for the biggest banks. Under the current U.S. capital rules, operational risk capital requirements and a capital floor apply only to advanced approaches institutions, and not to the Bank. The impact of Basel IV on us will
          depend on how it is implemented by the federal bank regulators. The current Trump Administration may consider adjustments to these capital and liquidity rules. Whether and the extent to which these proposed rules, or modifications of existing regulations and
            policies, which may impact our business, will be enacted and implemented is uncertain and cannot be predicted at this time. Prompt Corrective Action (“PCA”) The FDIA requires federal banking agencies to take PCA in respect of depository institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. The FDIA includes the following five capital tiers: “well
          capitalized,” “adequately capitalized,” “undercapitalized,” “significantly undercapitalized,” and “critically undercapitalized.” A depository institution’s capital tier will depend upon how its capital levels compare with various relevant capital
          measures and certain other factors, as established by regulation. The Basel III Capital Rules revised the PCA requirements effective January 1, 2015. Under the revised PCA provisions of the FDIA, an insureddepository institution generally will be
          classified in the following categories based on the capital measures indicated: Minimum to be Categorized as "Well Capitalized" Minimum to be Categorized as "Adequately Capitalized" Under- capitalized Significantly Under- capitalized Critically Under- capitalized Risk-based capital to risk-weighted assets 10.00%+ 8.00%+ < 8.00% < 6.00% N/A Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets 8.00%+ 6.00%+ < 6.00% < 4.00% N/A CET1 capital to risk-weighted assets 6.50%+ 4.50%+ < 4.50% < 3.00% N/A Tier 1 leverage capital ratio 5.00%+ 4.00%+ < 4.00% < 3.00% N/A Tangible equity to assets N/A N/A N/A N/A < 2.00% Supplemental leverage ratio N/A 3.00%+ < 3.00% N/A N/A An institution may be downgraded to, or deemed to be in, a capital category that is lower than indicated by its capital ratios, if it is determined to be operating in an unsafe or unsound condition
          or if it receives an unsatisfactory examination rating with respect to certain matters. A bank’s capital category is determined solely for the purpose of applying PCA regulations and the capital category may not constitute an accurate
          representation of the bank’s overall financial condition or prospects for other purposes. The FDIA generally prohibits a depository institution from making any capital distributions (including payment of a dividend) or paying any management fee to its parent holding company, if the
          depository institution would thereafter be “undercapitalized.” “Undercapitalized” institutions are subject to growth limitations and are required to submit capital restoration plans. If a depository institution fails to submit an acceptable plan,
          it is treated as if it is “significantly undercapitalized.” “Significantly undercapitalized” depository institutions may be subject to a number of requirements and restrictions, including orders to sell sufficient voting stock to become
          “adequately capitalized,” requirements to reduce total assets, and cessation of receipt of deposits from correspondent banks. “Critically undercapitalized” institutions are subject to the appointment of a receiver or conservator by the bank
          regulators. 15 Table of Contents The capital classification of a bank holding company and a bank affects the frequency of regulatory examinations, the bank holding company’s and the bank’s ability to engage in certain activities
          and the deposit insurance premium paid by the bank to the FDIC. As of December 31, 2025, we met the requirements to be classified as “well-capitalized” based upon the aforementioned ratios for purposes of the PCA regulations. The Community Bank Leverage Ratio On November 4, 2019, the federal banking agencies jointly issued a final rule that provides for an optional, simplified measure of capital adequacy, known as the community bank leverage ratio
          (“CBLR”) framework, for qualifying community banking organizations consistent with Section 201 of the Economic Growth Act. The CBLR framework is designed to reduce the capital burden by removing the requirements for calculating and reporting
          risk-based capital ratios for qualifying community banking organizations that opt into the framework. The final rule was effective on January 1, 2020. In order to qualify for the CBLR framework, a community banking organization must have a tier 1 leverage ratio of greater than 9%, less than $10 billion in total consolidated assets,
          off-balance-sheet exposures of 25% or less of total consolidated assets, and trading assets and liabilities of 5% or less of total consolidated assets. A qualifying community banking organization that opts into the CBLR framework and meets all
          requirements under the framework will be considered to have met the “well capitalized” ratio requirements under the PCA regulations. Such a community banking organization would not be subject to other risk-based and leverage capital requirements
          (including the Basel III and Basel IV requirements). The CBLR is determined by dividing a financial institution’s tangible equity capital by its average total consolidated assets. The rule describes what is included in tangible equity capital and
          average total consolidated assets. The CBLR framework was available for banks to use in their March 31, 2020, call report. A CBLR bank that ceases to meet any of the qualifying criteria in a future period but maintains a leverage ratio greater
          than 8% will be allowed a grace period of two reporting periods to satisfy the CBLR qualifying criteria or to otherwise comply with the generally applicable capital requirements. Further, a CBLR bank may opt out of the framework at any time,
          without restriction, by reverting to the generally applicable capital requirements. On November 25, 2025, the US federal banking regulators proposed changes to the CBLR framework intended to encourage additional community banks to opt into the
          CBLR framework.  This proposal would reduce the CBLR requirement from 9% to 8% and extend the grace period for qualifying institutions that fall below the 8% ratio to return to compliance from the current two quarters to four quarters, provided
          they maintain a 7% leverage ratio. While we are a qualifying community banking organization, the Company and Bank have not opted into the CBLR framework. Anti-Money Laundering and Office of Foreign Assets Control Regulation Title III of the United and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 (the “USA Patriot Act”), is designed to deny terrorists and criminals the
        ability to obtain access to the U.S. financial system and has significant implications for depository institutions, brokers, dealers and other businesses involved in the transfer of money. The USA Patriot Act mandates financial services companies to have policies and procedures with respect to measures designed to address any or all of the following matters: (i) customer identification programs; (ii)
        money laundering; (iii) terrorist financing; (iv) identifying and reporting suspicious activities and currency transactions; (v) currency crimes; and (vi) cooperation between financial institutions and law enforcement authorities. Regulatory
        authorities routinely examine financial institutions for compliance with these obligations, and failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing, or to comply with all
        of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution, including causing applicable bank regulatory authorities not to approve merger or acquisition transactions when regulatory approval is
        required or to prohibit such transactions even if approval is not required. Regulatory authorities have imposed cease and desist orders and civil money penalties against institutions found to be violating these obligations. 16 Table of Contents The U.S. Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”) administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes under authority of various laws, including designated
        foreign countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated targets and countries. Financial institutions are responsible for, among other things, blocking accounts of and transactions with such targets and countries,
        prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. Banking regulators examine banks for compliance with the economic sanctions regulations administered by OFAC, and failure
        of a financial institution to maintain and implement adequate OFAC programs, or to comply with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and reputational consequences for the institution. Privacy Restrictions The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLBA”) requires financial institutions in the U.S. to provide certain privacy disclosures to customers and consumers, to comply with certain restrictions on the sharing and usage of
        personally identifiable information, and to implement and maintain commercially reasonable customer information safeguarding standards. The Company believes that it complies with all provisions of the GLBA and all implementing regulations and that the Bank has developed appropriate policies and procedures to meet its responsibilities in connection
        with the privacy provisions of the GLBA. Certain state laws and regulations designed to protect the privacy and security of customer information also apply to us and our subsidiaries, including laws requiring notification to affected individuals and
        regulators of data security breaches and laws prohibiting sharing of customer information without the customer’s prior permission. In June 2018, the State of California enacted The California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”). This law became effective on January 1, 2020, and provides consumers with expansive rights and controls over their
        personal information which is obtained by or shared with “covered businesses”, which includes the Bank and most other banking institutions subject to California law. The CCPA gives consumers the right to request disclosure of information collected
        about them and whether that information has been sold or shared with others, the right to request deletion of personal information subject to certain exceptions, the right to opt out of the sale of the consumer’s personal information and the right
        not to be discriminated against because of choices regarding the consumer’s personal information. The CCPA provides for certain monetary penalties and for its enforcement by the California Attorney General or consumers whose rights under the law
        are not observed. It also provides for damages as well as injunctive or declaratory relief if there has been unauthorized access, theft or disclosure of personal information due to failure to implement reasonable security procedures. The CCPA
        contains several exemptions, including a provision to the effect that the CCPA does not apply where the information is collected, processed, sold or disclosed pursuant to the GLBA if the GLBA is in conflict with the CCPA. In November 2020,
        California voters approved state-wide Proposition 24, also known as the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020 (the “CPREA”) which expanded and amended certain provisions of the CCPA and created the California Privacy Protection
        Agency to enforce privacy rights for Californians and impose fines for violations of such rights. The CPREA requires businesses to share a consumer’s personal information upon the consumer’s request, provides consumers with an opt-out option for
        having their sensitive personal information used or disclosed for advertising or marketing, to obtain permission for collecting data on certain minors, and to correct a consumer’s inaccurate information upon the consumer’s request. It also removed
        the ability of businesses to remedy violations before being penalized for violations and increased the penalties for such violations. Most of the provisions of the CPREA took effect in 2023 but some portions, such as the creation of the new state
        agency, went into effect immediately. While GLBA-regulated nonpublic, personal information generally is exempt under the CCPA, the CCPA and certain other state laws apply to the personal information of representatives of any business contacts that
        the Bank engages with who are California residents, employees who are California residents, and any other personal information that the Bank collects outside of the scope of GLBA, such as with respect to certain data collected from visitors to our
        website. The impact of these laws on the business of the Bank could result in increased operating expenses as well as additional exposure to the risk of litigation by or on behalf of consumers. 17 Table of Contents Dividends and Other Transfer of Funds Dividends from the Bank constitute the principal source of cash to the Company. The Company is a legal entity separate and distinct from the Bank. The Bank is subject to various statutory and regulatory restrictions
        on its ability to pay dividends to the Company. Under such restrictions, the amount available for payment of dividends to the Company by the Bank totaled $131.8 million at December 31, 2025. During 2025, the Bank paid $51.8 million in dividends to
        the Company of which $13.4 million was used for cash dividends to shareholders, $34.7 million was allocated for share repurchases and $3.7 million was used to cover expenses and maintain a cash reserve. The FDIC and the DFPI also have authority to prohibit the Bank from engaging in activities that, in their opinion, constitute unsafe or unsound practices in conducting its business. It is possible, depending upon the
        financial condition of the bank in question and other factors, that the FDIC or the DFPI could assert that the payment of dividends or other payments might, under some circumstances, be an unsafe or unsound practice. Further, the Federal Reserve
        and the FDIC have established guidelines with respect to the maintenance of appropriate levels of capital by banks and bank holding companies under their jurisdiction. Compliance with the standards set forth in such guidelines and the restrictions
        that are or may be imposed under the PCA provisions of federal law could limit the amount of dividends that the Bank or the Company may pay. An insured depository institution is prohibited from paying management fees to any controlling persons or,
        with certain limited exceptions, making capital distributions if after such transaction the institution would be undercapitalized. The DFPI may impose similar limitations on the Bank. See “Prompt Corrective Action” and “Capital Standards”, above,
        for a discussion of these additional restrictions on capital distributions. Transactions with Affiliates The Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by federal law on any extensions of credit to, or the issuance of a guarantee or letter of credit on behalf of the Company or other affiliates, the purchase of, or
        investments in, stock or other securities of the Company or other affiliates, the taking of such securities as collateral for loans and leases, and the purchase of assets of the Company or other affiliates. Such restrictions prevent the Company and
        other affiliates from borrowing from the Bank unless the loans are secured by marketable obligations of designated amounts. Further, such secured loans and investments by the Bank to or in the Company or to or in any other affiliates are limited,
        individually, to 10% of the Bank’s capital and surplus (as defined by federal regulations), and such secured loans and investments are limited, in the aggregate as to all affiliates, to 20% of the Bank’s capital and surplus (as defined by federal
        regulations). In addition, the Company and its operating subsidiaries generally may not purchase a low-quality asset from an affiliate, and other specified transactions between the Company or its operating subsidiaries and an
        affiliate must be on terms and conditions that are consistent with safe and sound banking practices. Also, the Bank and its operating subsidiaries may engage in transactions with affiliates only on terms and under conditions that are substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the Bank or its subsidiaries,
        as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with (or that in good faith would be offered to) non-affiliated companies. California law also imposes certain restrictions with respect to transactions with affiliates. Additionally,
        limitations involving transactions with affiliates may be imposed on the Bank under the PCA provisions of federal law. See “Prompt Corrective Action.” Safety and Soundness Standards The federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines that establish operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and soundness of federally insured depository institutions. The
          guidelines set forth standards for internal controls, information systems, internal audit systems, loan documentation; credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality and earnings. 18 Table of Contents In general, the safety and soundness guidelines prescribe the goals to be achieved in each area, and each institution is responsible for establishing its own procedures to achieve those goals. If an
          institution fails to comply with any of the standards set forth in the guidelines, the financial institution’s primary federal regulator may require the institution to submit a plan for achieving and maintaining compliance. If a financial
          institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance plan, or fails in any material respect to implement a compliance plan that has been accepted by its primary federal regulator, the regulator is required to issue an order directing the
          institution to cure the deficiency. Until the deficiency cited in the regulator’s order is cured, the regulator may restrict the financial institution’s rate of growth, require the financial institution to increase its capital, restrict the rates
          the institution pays on deposits or require the institution to take any action the regulator deems appropriate under the circumstances. Noncompliance with the standards established by the safety and soundness guidelines may also constitute
          grounds for other enforcement action by the federal bank regulatory agencies, including cease and desist orders and civil money penalty assessments. In October 2025, the FDIC issued a proposed rule which would define the term “unsafe or unsound practice” for purposes of the statute that authorizes federal banking agencies to take formal
          enforcement actions – including cease-and-desist orders, civil money penalties, and removal of personnel – against insured depository institutions engaging in unsafe or unsound practices. If implemented, this proposed rule would also revise the
          supervisory framework for the issuance of matters requiring attention (MRA) and other supervisory communications and is intended to promote greater clarity and certainty regarding certain enforcement and supervision standards and to ensure that
          these standards prioritize material financial risks. Since the financial crisis of 2008-2009, the bank regulatory agencies have increasingly emphasized the importance of sound risk management processes and strong internal controls when evaluating the
          activities of the financial institutions they supervise. Properly managing risks has been identified as critical to the conduct of safe and sound banking activities and has become even more important as new technologies, product innovation, and
          the size and speed of financial transactions have changed the nature of banking markets. The agencies have identified a spectrum of risks facing a banking institution including, but not limited to, credit, market, liquidity, operational, legal,
          and reputational risk. In particular, regulatory pronouncements in the past few years have focused on operational risk, which arises from the potential that inadequate information systems, operational problems, breaches
          in internal controls, fraud, or unforeseen catastrophes will result in unexpected losses. New products and services, third-party risk management and cyber-security are critical sources of operational risk that financial institutions are expected
          to address in the current environment. The Bank is expected to have active board and senior management oversight; adequate policies, procedures, and limits; adequate risk measurement, monitoring, and management information systems; and
          comprehensive internal controls. Deposit Insurance As an FDIC-insured institution, the Bank is required to pay deposit insurance premium assessments to the FDIC. The premiums fund the Deposit Insurance Fund (“DIF”). The FDIC assesses a quarterly
        deposit insurance premium on each insured institution based on risk characteristics of the institution and may also impose special assessments in emergency situations. Effective July 1, 2016, the FDIC changed the deposit insurance assessment system
        for banks, such as the Bank, with less than $10 billion in assets that have been federally insured for at least five years. Among other changes, the FDIC eliminated risk categories for such banks and now uses the “financial ratios method” to
        determine assessment rates for all such banks. Under the financial ratios method, the FDIC determines assessment rates based on a combination of financial data and supervisory ratings that estimate a bank’s probability of failure within three
        years. The assessment rate determined by considering such information is then applied to the amount of the institution’s average assets minus average tangible equity to determine the institution’s insurance premium. On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule, applicable to all insured depository institutions to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly
          by two basis points consistent with the Amended Restoration Plan approved by the FDIC on June 21, 2022. The FDIC indicated that it was taking this action in order to restore the DIF reserve ratio to the required statutory minimum of 1.35% by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. The FDIC said that the reserve ratio had declined below this level because of the increase in insured deposits since the
          start of the COVID-19 pandemic and other factors that affect the level of the DIF. Under the final rule, the increase in rates began with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023 and will remain in effect unless and until the reserve ratio
          meets or exceeds 2% in order to support growth in the DIF in progressing toward the FDIC’s long-term goal of a 2% reserve ratio. 19 Table of Contents On November 16, 2023, the FDIC issued a final rule to implement a special assessment to recover the loss to the DIF associated with protecting uninsured depositors following the closures in early 2023 of Silicon
        Valley Bank and Signature Bank. Under the final rule, the assessment base for an insured depository institution will be equal to the institution’s estimated uninsured deposits as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to exclude the first $5 billion in
        estimated uninsured deposits. Under the final rule, the FDIC will collect the special assessment at an annual rate of 13.4 basis points (with the special assessment rate for the final collection quarter reduced from 3.36 basis points to 2.97 basis
        points) beginning with the first quarterly assessment period of 2024 and will continue to collect special assessments for an anticipated total of eight quarterly assessment periods (with a final invoice date of March 30, 2026). This special
        assessment does not apply to the Bank. The Bank’s FDIC premiums were $2.5 million, $2.4 million, and $2.4 million for the three years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Future increases in insurance premiums could have adverse effects
        on the operating expenses and results of operations of the Company. Management cannot predict what the FDIC insurance assessment rates will be in the future. Insurance of a bank’s deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations, or has
        violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order, or condition imposed by the FDIC or the Bank’s primary regulator. Management of the Company is not aware of any practice, condition or violation that might lead to termination of the Company’s
        deposit insurance. Community Reinvestment Act (“CRA”) and Fair Lending The Bank is subject to certain fair lending requirements involving lending, investing, and other CRA activities. CRA requires each insured depository institution to identify the communities served by the
        institution’s offices and to identify the types of credit and investments the institution is prepared to extend within such communities including low and moderate-income neighborhoods. It also requires the institution’s regulators to assess the
        institution’s performance in meeting the credit needs of its community and to consider such assessment in reviewing applications for mergers, acquisitions, relocation of existing branches, opening of new branches, and other transactions. A bank may
        be subject to substantial penalties and corrective measures for a violation of certain fair lending laws. A bank’s compliance with the CRA is assessed using an evaluation system, which bases CRA ratings on an institution’s lending, service and investment performance. An unsatisfactory rating may be the basis for denying
        a merger application. The Bank’s latest CRA examination was completed by the FDIC in December 2025 and the Bank received an overall Outstanding rating in complying with its CRA obligations. On October 24, 2023, the federal banking agencies jointly issued a final rule to strengthen and modernize the existing CRA regulations. The final rule took effect on April 1, 2024; however, on March 21, 2024 the
        agencies issued a supplemental final rule extending the applicability date for certain provisions to January 1, 2026. In July 2025, the Federal bank regulatory agencies jointly issued a proposal to rescind the CRA final rule issued in October 2023
        and replace it with the prior CRA regulations that were originally adopted by the agencies in 1995 (and that the agencies continue to apply), with certain technical amendments. The Bank continues to monitor and stay informed on changes to ensure
        compliance with the evolving regulatory framework. 20 Table of Contents Consumer Protection Regulations Banks and other financial institutions are subject to numerous laws and regulations intended to protect consumers in their transactions with banks. These laws include, among others, laws regarding
          unfair and deceptive acts and practices and usury laws, as well as the following consumer protection statutes: Truth in Lending Act, Truth in Savings Act, Electronic Fund Transfer Act, Expedited Funds Availability Act, Equal Credit Opportunity
          Act, Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act, Fair Housing Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, GLBA, Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, Right to Financial Privacy Act, Servicemembers Civil Relief Act, Military Lending
          Act and Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act. The FDIC regularly conducts compliance examinations of insured depository institutions to determine whether the institution is meeting its responsibility to comply with the requirements of consumer
          protection laws and regulations. Many states and local jurisdictions have consumer protection laws analogous, and in addition, to those listed above. These federal, state and local laws regulate the manner in which financial
        institutions deal with customers when taking deposits, making loans or conducting other types of transactions. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could give rise to regulatory sanctions, customer rescission rights, action by state
        and local attorneys general and civil or criminal liability. Failure to comply with consumer protection requirements may also result in our failure to obtain any required bank regulatory approval for merger or acquisition transactions we may wish
        to pursue or our prohibition from engaging in such transactions even if approval is not required. The structure of federal consumer protection regulation applicable to all providers of consumer financial products and services changed significantly on July 21, 2011, when the CFPB commenced
          operations to supervise and enforce federal consumer protection laws. The consumer protection provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and the examination, supervision and enforcement of those laws and implementing regulations by the CFPB have created a
          more intense and complex environment for consumer finance regulation. The CFPB has significant authority to implement and enforce federal consumer protection laws and new requirements for financial services products provided for in the Dodd-Frank
          Act, as well as the authority to identify and prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive acts and practices. The review of products and practices to prevent such acts and practices have been a continuing focus of the CFPB, and of banking regulators
          more broadly. The ultimate impact of this heightened scrutiny is uncertain but could result in changes to pricing, practices, products and procedures. It could also result in increased costs related to regulatory oversight, supervision and
          examination, additional remediation efforts and possible penalties. The Dodd-Frank Act also provided the CFPB with broad supervisory, examination and enforcement authority over various consumer financial products and services, including the
          ability to require reimbursements and other payments to customers for alleged legal violations and to impose significant penalties, as well as injunctive relief that prohibits lenders from engaging in allegedly unlawful practices. The CFPB also
          has the authority to obtain cease and desist orders providing for affirmative relief or monetary penalties. The Dodd-Frank Act does not prevent states from adopting stricter consumer protection standards. State regulation of financial products
          and potential enforcement actions could also adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The CFPB is authorized to issue rules for both bank and non-bank companies that offer consumer financial products and services, subject to consultation with the prudential banking regulators. In
          general, however, banks with assets of $10 billion or less, such as the Bank, will continue to be examined for consumer compliance by their primary bank regulator. In February 2025, the director of the CFPB was dismissed by the current Trump Administration and the new Director of the Office of Management and Budget was appointed as acting director of the CFPB.
          The acting director of the CFPB directed agency staff to stop virtually all work, including supervision activities and pending investigations, and announced that the CFPB would not be taking its next draw of federal funding. In May 2025, the CFPB
          revoked nearly 70 guidance documents, and, since February 2025, has dismissed most of its enforcement actions. The funding of the CFPB is the subject of ongoing legal actions and disputes over the amount of funds legally available under statutory
          authorities for the CFPB to request from the Federal Reserve, with Trump Administration officials, including the CFPB’s Acting Director, reportedly saying that they want to abolish the CFPB. In November 2025, in letters to Congressional
          appropriators and President Trump, the CFPB’s Acting Director reported that the CFPB will run out of funds sometime during the first quarter of 2026. In January 2026, the CFPB’s Acting Director, in compliance with a December court order,
          requested $145 million from the Federal Reserve; with this funding, the CFPB will be able to remain open through March 2026. It cannot be predicted at this time what impact these changes will have on the CFPB and its regulatory responsibilities
          in the consumer protection area. 21 Table of Contents Notice and Approval Requirements Related to Control Banking laws impose notice, approval and ongoing regulatory requirements on any stockholder or other party that seeks to acquire direct or indirect "control" of an FDIC-insured depository institution. These laws
        include the BHCA and the Change in Bank Control Act. Among other things, these laws require regulatory filings by a stockholder or other party that seeks to acquire direct or indirect "control" of an FDIC-insured depository institution or bank
        holding company. The determination whether an investor "controls" a depository institution is based on all of the facts and circumstances surrounding the investment. As a general matter, a party is deemed to control a depository institution or
        other company if the party owns or controls 25% or more of any class of voting stock. Subject to rebuttal, a party may be presumed to control a depository institution or other company if the investor owns or controls 10% or more of any class of
        voting stock. Ownership by family members, affiliated parties, or parties acting in concert, is typically aggregated for these purposes. If a party's ownership of the Company were to exceed certain thresholds, the investor could be deemed to
        "control" the Company for regulatory purposes. This could subject the investor to regulatory filings or other regulatory consequences. In addition, except under limited circumstances, bank holding companies are prohibited from acquiring, without prior approval: • control of any other bank or bank holding company or all or substantially all the assets thereof; or • more than 5% of the voting shares of a bank or bank holding company which is not already a subsidiary. In September 2024, the FDIC and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency issued new policy statements on bank merger transactions. The FDIC’s new policy statement, which supersedes the agency’s
          prior policy statement and was intended to provide transparency and clarity around the FDIC’s approach to bank mergers, was opposed by the now Acting Chairman of the FDIC, who argued that this new supervisory guidance potentially makes the bank
          merger process longer, more difficult and less predictable. Further, in his recent statement, the Acting Chairman of the FDIC has indicated that a matter of FDIC focus (among other things) will include improving the bank merger approval process
          and replacing the 2024 Statement of Policy to ensure that merger transactions that satisfy the Bank Merger Act are approved in a timely way. At this time, it cannot be predicted whether and the extent to which this supervisory guidance might be
          modified or withdrawn, or a new approach to bank merger transactions might be implemented. Incentive Compensation In 2010, the federal bank regulatory agencies issued comprehensive guidance intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and
          soundness of those organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The incentive compensation guidance sets expectations for banking organizations concerning their incentive compensation arrangements and related risk management, control and
          governance processes. The incentive compensation guidance, which covers all employees that have the ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually or as part of a group, is based upon three primary
          principles: (1) balanced risk-taking incentives; (2) compatibility with effective controls and risk management; and (3) strong corporate governance. Any deficiencies in compensation practices that are identified may be incorporated into the
          organization’s supervisory ratings, which can affect its ability to make acquisitions or take other actions. In addition, under the incentive compensation guidance, a banking organization’s federal supervisor may initiate enforcement action if
          the organization’s incentive compensation arrangements pose a risk to the safety and soundness of the organization. 22 Table of Contents In 2016, several federal financial agencies (including the Federal Reserve and FDIC) re-proposed restrictions on incentive-based compensation pursuant to Section 956 of the Dodd-Frank Act for
          financial institutions with $1 billion or more in total consolidated assets. For institutions with at least $1 billion but less than $50 billion in total consolidated assets, the proposal would impose principles-based restrictions that are broadly consistent with existing
          interagency guidance on incentive-based compensation. Such institutions would be prohibited from entering into incentive compensation arrangements that encourage inappropriate risks by the institution: (i) by providing an executive officer,
          employee, director, or principal shareholder with excessive compensation, fees, or benefits; or (ii) that could lead to material financial loss to the institution. The comment period for these proposed regulations has closed, but a final rule has
          not been published. Depending upon the outcome of the rule making process, the application of this rule to us could require us to revise our compensation strategy, increase our administrative costs and adversely affect our ability to recruit and
          retain qualified employees. Further, as discussed above, the Basel III Capital Rules limit discretionary bonus payments to bank executives if the institution’s regulatory capital ratios fail to exceed certain thresholds that started being phased
          in on January 1, 2016. Available Information Company reports filed with the SEC, including the Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements and ownership reports filed by directors, executive officers and principal
        shareholders, can be accessed free of charge through the Company’s website at http://www.fmbonline.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. The link to the SEC is on
        the About Us page. The Company’s reports may also be accessed at the SEC’s Internet website (http://www.sec.gov).

