TICKER: FORM
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain constraints, and integration challenges with our existing operations. If we are unable to increase capacity at our Farmers Branch site in a timely and cost-effective manner, or if the site does not perform as expected, we may be unable to meet customer demand, which could result in lost sales opportunities, reduced market share, damage to customer relationships and our reputation, and potential contractual penalties. In addition, if actual costs to build out and operate the facility exceed our estimates, or if production volumes or yields are lower than anticipated, our margins and operating results could be adversely affected. Further, rapid production ramps or process changes may negatively impact product quality, reliability or consistency, which could result in increased warranty claims, field failures, returns, rework costs or customer dissatisfaction. We have experienced, and may experience in the future, manufacturing delays and other inefficiencies in connection with implementation of these improvements and customer qualifications of new processes or products. These delays and other inefficiencies may arise from a variety of factors. Further, these investments may consume available cash in the short term for anticipated benefit that may or may not occur. Our operating results and liquidity have been and may in the future be negatively impacted by these factors. 14 We have also experienced, and may experience in the future, difficulties in manufacturing our complex products in volume, on time, and at acceptable yields and cost, and/or have installation issues in the field, due to the complexity of customer requirements. These challenges, if not timely resolved could have a material adverse effect on operating results and our ability to compete effectively. If we are unable to continue to reduce the time it takes for us to design and produce products, our growth could be impeded. Our customers continuously seek to reduce the time it takes them to introduce new products to market. The cyclicality of the semiconductor industry, coupled with changing demands for semiconductor products, requires our customers to be flexible and highly adaptable to changes in the design, volume and mix of products they must produce. We may be unable to design, configure and produce our products within the short cycle times required to respond to such rapid changes. We have lost sales in the past where we were unable to meet a customer’s required delivery schedules. If we are unable to continue to reduce the time it takes for us to design, manufacture and ship our products in response to the needs of our customers, our competitive position could be harmed and we could lose sales. Products that do not meet specifications or that contain defects could damage our reputation, decrease market acceptance of our technology, cause us to lose customers and revenues, and result in liability to us. The complexity and ongoing development of our product designs and manufacturing processes could lead to design or manufacturing problems. Problems might result from a number of factors, including design defects, materials failure, failure of components manufactured by our suppliers to meet our specifications, contamination in the manufacturing environment, impurities in the materials used, unknown sensitivities to process conditions such as temperature and humidity, and equipment failures. Any errors or defects could: • cause lower than anticipated yields and lengthen delivery schedules; • cause delays in product shipments; • cause delays in new product introductions; • cause us to incur warranty expenses; • result in increased costs and diversion of development resources; • cause us to incur increased charges due to unusable inventory; • require design modifications; • have implications for timing of revenue recognition and associated costs; or • decrease market acceptance or customer satisfaction with these products. The occurrence of any one or more of these events could adversely affect our business, reputation and operating results. As part of our sales process, we could incur substantial sales and engineering expenses that do not result in revenues. Our customers generally expend significant efforts evaluating and qualifying our products prior to placing an order. While our customers are evaluating our products, we might incur substantial sales, marketing, and research and development expenses. For example, we typically expend significant resources educating our prospective customers regarding the uses and benefits of our products and customizing them to the potential customer’s needs, for which we might not be reimbursed. The substantial resources we commit to our sales efforts may not result in any revenues from a customer. For example, many semiconductor processes, architectures, and designs never reach production, including those for which we may have expended development effort and expense. In addition, prospective customers might decide not to use our products or use our products for a relatively small percentage of their requirements after we have expended significant effort and expense toward product design, development, and/or manufacturing. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from any of these investments, or if the achievement any of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be negatively impacted. We obtain some of the components and materials we use in our products from a sole source or a limited group of suppliers, and the partial or complete loss of one of these suppliers, or scarcity of raw materials from one of these suppliers, could cause production delays. We obtain some of the components and materials used in our products, such as printed circuit board assemblies, plating materials and ceramic substrates, from a sole source or a limited group of suppliers, and in some cases alternative sources are not currently available. Because we rely on purchase orders rather than long-term contracts with the majority of our suppliers, we cannot guarantee our ability to obtain components and materials in the long term. A sole or limited source supplier could increase prices, which could lead to a decline in our gross profit. Our dependence upon sole or limited source suppliers exposes us to several other risks, including inability to obtain an adequate supply of materials, late deliveries, poor component quality, and business disruptions while we seek to identify and qualify alternative suppliers. This could be exacerbated by certain events outside the control of either the supplier or us, such as global, regional or national health crises, armed conflicts, increased tariffs and trade barriers, regional tensions or other adverse global, regional and national events. The occurrence of any of these risks could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 15 We are dependent on the availability of certain key raw materials and natural resources used in our products and various manufacturing processes, and we rely on third parties to supply us with these materials in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our access to raw materials may be adversely affected if our suppliers’ operations were disrupted as a result of limited or delayed access to key raw materials and natural resources, which may result in increased cost for these items. Our operations, or those of our important suppliers, business partners and customers, could be adversely affected by events outside of our control such as natural disasters, pandemics and man-made disasters. Our business is vulnerable to the direct and indirect impact of natural and man-made disasters, such as floods, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, nuclear accidents, acts of terrorism, epidemics, pandemics, military conflicts, climate change, and other factors acting alone or in combination. It is also possible that future natural and man-made disasters could negatively impact the sales of our products as a result of impacts upon our customers’ ability to make or sell their products, or impacts upon our suppliers’ ability to supply components to us on a timely basis. For example, our manufacturing facilities are located in seismically active areas in California and Oregon. The manufacturing equipment and processes that we use can be severely disrupted by seismic activity. A significant seismic event in an area of our operations could have a materially negative impact on our operations, financial results or financial condition. Much of the infrastructure on which we rely for our operations is outside of our control, such as electric power infrastructure. We have previously experienced disruptions to electrical power at some of our premises in California, especially when aging infrastructure or inadequate electric power service has been impacted by high demand, fires, and weather which may worsen over time with climate change, and other events. Our efforts to mitigate the effects on us from interruptions in the availability of electric power, or other infrastructure, may not adequately prevent materially negative impacts on our operations, and in turn our financial results. Adverse global, regional and national economic conditions could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and access to capital markets. A variety of factors, including natural disasters, health crises, climate change, military conflicts and other geopolitical events, may adversely affect national, regional and global economies and financial markets. Recent political changes have created an environment of tension and uncertainty in economic matters, particularly with regard to tariffs and international trade. Any such adverse events may result in global, regional or national economic slowdowns or other economic disruptions or downturns. Such disruption or downturns could curtail or delay spending by businesses and consumers which may ultimately result in reductions in the demand for our products, greater volatility in demand and supply conditions and other adverse impacts. For example, any deterioration in the relations between Taiwan and China, and other factors affecting military, political or economic conditions in Taiwan or elsewhere in Asia, could adversely impact our suppliers, manufacturers and customers with operations located in the region, which could disrupt our business operations, affect demand for our products or increase our costs, negatively impacting our revenues, gross margins, and overall results of operations. Additionally, these events may also increase uncertainty in global credit and financial markets. The impacts of such uncertainty and disruptions to the availability of credit or other sources of capital could also adversely affect our ability to access capital on favorable terms or on a timely basis to meet our objectives. Any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Sustained inflation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Inflation rates in the markets in which we operate have increased and may continue to rise. Inflation in recent periods has led us to experience higher costs related to labor, materials from suppliers, and transportation. Our suppliers raised their prices and may continue to raise prices, and in the competitive markets in which we operate, we may not be able to make corresponding price increases, productivity improvements or cost reductions to preserve our gross margins and profitability. If inflation rates continue to rise or remain elevated for a sustained period of time, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. We have generally been able to offset increases in these costs through various productivity improvement and cost reduction initiatives, as well as by adjusting our selling prices to pass through some of these higher costs to our customers; however, our ability to raise our selling prices depends on market conditions and competitive dynamics. Given the timing of our actions compared to the timing of these inflationary pressures, there may be periods during which we are unable to fully recover the increases in our costs. 16 We rely on the security and integrity of our electronic data systems, managed both internally and by third parties, for our business requirements, and our business can be damaged by disruptions, security breaches or compromises of these systems. We rely on electronic data systems, including a variety of software and networking, computing and storage equipment and other information technologies, to operate and manage our business and to collect, process, maintain, and safeguard information, including information belonging to our customers, partners, and personnel. Our electronic data systems may be subject to defects, failures or disruptions as a result of, among other things, natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, deficiencies in new system designs and implementations, acts of terrorism or war, physical security breaches, computer viruses or other cyber-attacks. Such incidents or other system failures or disruptions could subject us to downtime and delays, compromise or loss of sensitive or proprietary information, destruction or corruption of data, financial losses from remedial actions, breaches of obligations to third parties under privacy laws or contracts, or damage to our reputation or customer relationships. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Our business is subject to complex and evolving data privacy and security laws, regulations, and industry standards, and our failure to comply could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We collect, process, store, and transmit large amounts of sensitive and confidential data, including personal data of our customers, employees, and third parties. This activity subjects us to a complex and continually evolving landscape of U.S. federal and state laws, foreign laws, and industry standards regarding data privacy and security. These include, but are not limited to, the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union, the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, and other state-specific privacy laws in the United States, as well as contractual obligations and industry-specific requirements. These laws and standards are subject to varying interpretations and can be inconsistent across jurisdictions, creating compliance challenges and increasing our legal and operational exposure. Compliance with these laws and regulations requires significant investment in personnel, technology, and process changes, and these costs are likely to increase as new requirements emerge. Our efforts to comply may not be successful, and any failure or perceived failure to comply, whether intentional or inadvertent, could result in governmental investigations, inquiries, enforcement actions, fines, civil penalties, litigation, private rights of action, or other liabilities. Such events could lead to significant financial costs, reputational damage, loss of customer trust, and restrictions on our ability to process data, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Failures in our information technology systems, including those incorporating artificial intelligence, or our inability to adapt to technological advancements, could disrupt our operations and harm our business. Our operations rely significantly on the continuous and secure operation of our information technology systems, networks, and infrastructure, including those of our third-party service providers. These systems are critical for managing our internal operations, processing transactions, communicating with customers and suppliers, and protecting sensitive data. Despite our efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our IT environment, our systems are subject to inherent risks, including natural disasters, power outages, telecommunications failures, malicious cyberattacks (such as ransomware, phishing, and denial-of-service attacks), computer viruses, or human error. Any significant disruption, security breach, or unauthorized access to or disclosure of confidential information could lead to significant financial losses, reputational damage, regulatory penalties, legal liabilities, and operational disruptions, which could materially and adversely affect our business. Furthermore, we utilize artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies in various aspects of our operations, which introduces novel and evolving risks. AI models can produce inaccurate, biased, or unpredictable outputs, potentially leading to flawed decision-making, operational inefficiencies, or customer dissatisfaction. The use of AI also raises complex legal and ethical questions, including those related to intellectual property ownership of AI-generated content, the privacy and security of data used to train AI models, and accountability for AI system failures. The regulatory landscape governing AI is rapidly developing, and new laws or interpretations could impose significant compliance costs, restrict our use of AI, or expose us to unforeseen liabilities. These risks, individually or in the aggregate, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our reliance on third-party data and open-source software components could expose us to intellectual property, security, and accuracy risks. We incorporate research, published data, and open-source software components into our products, services, and internal operations. While these resources can enhance our capabilities and efficiency, they also introduce significant risks. The use of third-party data may expose us to risks of data inaccuracy, incompleteness, or misinterpretation, which could lead to flawed analyses, erroneous business decisions, and reputational harm. We may also inadvertently infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others if the data we use is not properly licensed or if its use violates existing copyrights, patents, or trade secrets. 17 Moreover, the use of open-source software components carries inherent risks. Open-source licenses may contain terms that require us to disclose our proprietary source code, grant licenses to our intellectual property, or incur significant costs to re-engineer our solutions if we are unable to comply with such terms. Additionally, open-source software is often maintained by a community of developers and may not be subject to the same rigorous security and quality assurance processes as commercial software. This can result in undiscovered vulnerabilities, security flaws, or bugs that could be exploited by malicious actors, leading to data breaches, system outages, or other security incidents. Any of these risks could result in significant legal liabilities, enforcement actions, operational disruptions, and reputational damage, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Geopolitical tensions, particularly between the U.S. and China, and the Chinese data regulatory regime, could materially and adversely affect our operations in China and globally. Our operations, including data processing and transfer activities, are subject to the evolving geopolitical landscape and the increasingly stringent regulatory environment in jurisdictions where we operate or from which we process data. Specifically, escalating trade tensions and policy divergence between the U.S. and China, including restrictions on technology transfers, cross-border data transfers, export controls, and investment limitations, could impact our ability to conduct business, access critical technologies, or operate effectively in the Chinese market. The sale of our products as a percentage of our revenues to customers inside of China represented 7%, 14%, and 14% of total revenue for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Furthermore, China's comprehensive data regulatory framework, including the recently amended Cybersecurity Law, the Data Security Law, and the Personal Information Protection Law, imposes strict requirements on data localization, cross-border data transfers, and data security assessments. These laws contain broad extraterritorial reach and often conflict with privacy and data transfer norms in other jurisdictions. Our compliance with these complex and sometimes ambiguous regulations may require significant operational adjustments, increase our compliance costs, and restrict our ability to transfer data necessary for our global operations. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with these laws could result in severe penalties, including substantial fines, suspension of business operations, blacklisting, damage to our reputation, and restrictions on our ability to collect, process, or transfer data, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Because we conduct most of our business internationally, we are subject to operational, economic, financial and political risks abroad. Sales of our products to customers outside of the United States represent a significant part of our past and anticipated revenues. Our international sales as a percentage of our revenues were 81%, 76% and 74% for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Certain of our non-U.S. based customers also purchase through their subsidiaries in the United States. In the future we expect international sales to continue to account for a significant percentage of our revenues. Accordingly, we will be subject to risks and challenges that we would not otherwise face if we conducted our business solely in the United States. These risks and challenges include: • compliance with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including social, political, immigration, and tax and trade policies; • legal uncertainties regarding taxes, tariffs, quotas, export controls, export licenses and other trade barriers; • political and economic instability or foreign conflicts, including trade wars, that involve or affect the countries of our customers; • government restrictions on, or nationalization of, our operations in any country, or restrictions on our ability to repatriate earnings from or distribute compensation or other funds in a particular country; • adverse changes relating to government grants, tax credits, or other government incentives, including more favorable incentives provided to competitors; • difficulties in collecting accounts receivable and longer accounts receivable payment cycles; • difficulties in staffing and managing personnel, distributors and representatives; • reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; • currency exchange rate fluctuations, which could affect the value of our assets denominated in local currency, as well as the price of our products relative to locally produced products; • global, regional and national geopolitical or other events, such as political instability, acts of war or terrorism, regional tensions, health crises and natural disasters; • seasonal fluctuations in purchasing patterns in other countries; and • fluctuations in freight rates and transportation disruptions. 18 Any of these factors could harm our existing international operations, impair our ability to continue expanding into international markets or materially adversely affect our operating results. Political developments in the United States and elsewhere may increase the risks and uncertainties associated with conducting international business, including the possibilities of greater tariffs and other trade barriers in the regions where we conduct business. In fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, we observed a continuing trend of increasing risks and challenges in the conduct of our international business activities, including expanded tariffs and other trade barriers affecting the United States and China, and trade tensions and conflicts (including proposed tariffs) between the United States and other countries. Additionally, we are required to comply with foreign import and export requirements, customs and value added tax standards that can be unclear or complex. Our failure to meet these requirements and standards could negatively impact our business operations. Our foreign operations expose us to additional risks relating to currency fluctuations. Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to continue to grow internationally. We have significant business operations located in Germany. While we report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we incur certain costs in other currencies, and have certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. We, therefore, face exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenues and earnings, despite our hedging of a portion of our international currency exposures. Additionally, hedging programs are inherently risky and could expose us to additional costs and risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Increasingly restrictive export regulations and other trade barriers may materially harm our business. Sales of our products to customers outside of the United States represent a significant part of our past and anticipated revenues. In recent months, markets have reacted adversely to geopolitical tensions, volatility and uncertainty in international trade policies, substantially stemming from the U.S. government’s implementation of rapidly evolving changes to trade policies, including new and expanded tariffs and changes in U.S. participation in multilateral trade agreements resulting in reciprocal tariffs and other trade restrictions imposed and modified, and selective tariff exemptions being granted, often suddenly and with little notice, impacting a broad range of raw materials and trade globally. In reaction to U.S. trade regulations, governments and private businesses outside the United States may implement retaliatory controls and preferences for non-U.S. or local suppliers, which can increase our manufacturing and transaction costs, make our products less competitive, reduce demand for our products, limit our ability to sell to certain customers, limit our ability to procure components or raw materials, or impede or slow the movement of our goods across borders. These and other regulatory and policy changes, and the reactions of customers to such changes, in the United States and elsewhere, could materially and negatively affect our future sales and operating results. If we fail to protect our proprietary rights, our competitors might gain access to our technology, which could adversely affect our ability to compete successfully in our markets. If we choose not to protect our proprietary rights or fail in our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, our competitors might gain access to our technology. Unauthorized parties might attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Others might independently develop similar or competing technologies or methods or design around our patents. In addition, the laws of many foreign countries in which we or our customers do business do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. As a result, our proprietary rights could be compromised, our competitors might offer products similar to ours, and we might not be able to compete successfully. We also cannot assure that: • our means of protecting our proprietary rights will be adequate; • patents will be issued from our pending or future applications; • our existing or future patents will be sufficient in scope or strength to provide any meaningful protection or commercial advantage to us; • our patents or other intellectual property will not be invalidated, circumvented or successfully challenged in the United States or foreign countries; or • others will not misappropriate our proprietary technologies or independently develop similar technologies, duplicate our products or design around any of our patents or other intellectual property, or attempt to manufacture and sell infringing products in countries that do not strongly enforce intellectual property rights. We have spent, and may be required to spend in the future, significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. Any litigation, whether or not resolved in our favor, and whether initiated by us or by a third party, could result in significant and possibly material expenses to us and divert the efforts of our management and technical personnel. 19 We might be subject to claims of infringement of other parties’ proprietary rights. Our industry is characterized by uncertain and conflicting intellectual property claims. As we have in the past, we may receive claims that we are infringing intellectual property rights of others. The resolution of intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation with highly uncertain outcomes, or impact our delivery of products. In the event of an adverse judgement or settlement, we might be required to pay substantial amounts, cease the use or sale of infringing products, spend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology, discontinue the use of certain technology, or enter into license agreements. License agreements might not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, certain of our customer contracts contain provisions that require us to defend or indemnify our customers for third party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the costs and negative impacts of intellectual property claims. We have recorded restructuring, inventory write-offs and asset impairment charges in the past, and may do so again in the future, which could have a material negative impact on our business. We have recorded significant restructuring charges in prior periods, and we may implement restructuring plans in the future, which would require us to take additional, potentially material, restructuring charges related to employee terminations, asset disposal or exit costs. We may also be required to write-off additional inventory if our product build plans or usage of inventory experience declines, and such additional write-offs could constitute material charges. In addition, significant adverse changes in market conditions could require us to take additional material impairment charges related to our long-lived assets if the changes impact the critical assumptions or estimates that we use in our assessment of the recoverability of our long-lived assets. Any such additional charges, whether related to restructuring, asset impairment or factory underutilization, may have a material negative impact on our operating results and related financial statements. For example, in the first quarter of 2026 we announced restructuring plans, which include the consolidation of the manufacturing facilities located in Carlsbad and Baldwin Park, California to other manufacturing facilities, that are expected to result in the Company recording restructuring charges in the aggregate amount of approximately $30 million to $40 million. We may not be able to recruit or retain qualified personnel. We believe our ability to manage successfully and grow our business and to develop new products depends, in large part, on our ability to recruit and retain qualified employees, particularly highly skilled technical, sales, management, and other key personnel. Competition for qualified resources is intense. Other companies may have greater resources available to provide substantial inducements to lure key personnel away from us or to offer more competitive compensation packages to individuals we are trying to hire. Our failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could subject us to significant fines and liabilities, and new laws and regulations or changes in regulatory interpretation or enforcement could make compliance more difficult and costly. We are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local, and foreign governmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites and the maintenance of a safe workplace. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, civil or criminal fines or sanctions, and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations or non-compliance with the environmental permits required at our facilities. Environmental laws, regulations and permits could require the installation of costly pollution or waste control equipment or operational changes to limit waste or emissions or decrease the likelihood of accidental releases of hazardous substances. In addition, changing laws and regulations, new laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination at our or others’ sites, or the imposition of new cleanup requirements could require us to curtail our operations, restrict our future expansion, subject us to liability and cause us to incur future costs that could harm our operations, thereby adversely impacting our operating results and cash flow. We are exposed to additional risks as a result of increased attention by our stakeholders to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters. Our stakeholders, including customers, investors, advisory firms, employees, and suppliers, among others, are increasing their attention to, and establishing expectations for, ESG and related matters. These expectations can extend to our corporate practices, initiatives, and disclosures, as well as stakeholder standards or preferences for investments or doing business. Third-party agencies have also established or added standards for rating companies on a range of ESG-related factors that may be inconsistent and subject to change. As a result, these expectations may impact the attractiveness of our business, the manner in which we do business, our reputation, the costs of doing business, and the willingness of these stakeholders to engage with, invest in, or retain us. We may be further impacted by the adoption and evolution of ESG-related regulation and legislation in the jurisdictions in which we do business, which could result in increased compliance, operational, and other costs. 20 In addition, we have provided voluntary disclosures on ESG matters, including energy usage, greenhouse gas emissions, health and safety, diversity and inclusion, and labor and human rights. Such disclosures are aspirational and based on frameworks and standards for such initiatives and progress that are still developing, assumptions that may change, and disclosure control and procedures that continue to evolve. We may fail, or be perceived to fail, in attaining or maintaining our ESG-related initiatives. These events or perceptions may expose us to additional reputational and operational risks. Additionally, anti-ESG sentiment exists among certain stakeholders. We have been and may again be subject to negative responses from certain stakeholders regarding our selection of certain goals and our strategic choices regarding related matters due to anti-ESG sentiment, which could negatively impact our reputation, business and financial results. Risks Relating to Our Acquisitions We have made acquisitions and investments, and may make additional acquisitions or investments in the future, which could put a strain on our resources, cause ownership dilution to our stockholders, or adversely affect our financial results. Our acquisitions or investments may subject us to new or heightened risks. Integrating any newly acquired businesses, property, manufacturing facilities, products or technologies into our company draws upon our resources in ways that can be expensive and time consuming, particularly when we conduct these activities internationally. These activities can substantially affect our financial resources, could cause delays in product delivery and might not be successful. Acquisitions and investments can divert management’s attention and expose our business to new liabilities or risks associated with entering into new or expanded business activities. In addition, we might lose key employees or have difficulty finding adequate talent while integrating new organizations or expanding our business activities. We might not be successful in integrating any acquired businesses, property, manufacturing facilities, products or technologies, and might not achieve anticipated revenues and cost benefits. Investments, including investments in capital projects, that we make may not result in a return consistent with our projections upon which such investments are made, or may require additional investment that we did not originally anticipate. In the case where we hold a minority equity interest in a company, we may not have the ability to exert control over the entity and therefore may be subject to additional risks that could adversely impact our reputation, business, financial performance and growth. In addition, acquisitions can result in customer dissatisfaction, performance problems with an acquired company, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt and restrictive debt covenants, contingent liabilities, possible impairment charges related to goodwill or other intangible assets, or other adverse impacts or circumstances. If any of these risks were to come about, our business, financial results and stock price could be materially and adversely affected. If goodwill or other intangible assets that we recorded, or will record, in connection with our acquisitions become impaired, we could be required to take significant charges against earnings. In connection with our accounting for acquired businesses, we record a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets. Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets have been impaired. Finite-lived intangible assets are assessed for impairment in the event of an impairment indicator. Any reduction or impairment of the value of goodwill or other intangible assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and stockholders’ equity in future periods. Risks Relating to Owning Our Stock If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal and disclosure controls and procedures, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. Effective internal and disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, to prevent fraud and to operate successfully as a public company. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and reputation may be harmed. We regularly review and assess our internal controls over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures. As part of that process, we may discover material weaknesses in our internal controls. If we fail to maintain effective controls or timely implement any necessary improvement of our internal and disclosure controls, we may not have accurate information to make management decisions, our operating results could be harmed, or we may fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal and disclosure controls could also cause stockholders to lose confidence in our reported financial information and our ability to manage our business, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities. The trading price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile, and you might not be able to sell your shares at or above the price that you paid for them. The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have been highly volatile. During fiscal 2025, our stock price (Nasdaq Global Select Market close price) ranged from $23.18 per share to $59.25 per share. The trading price of our common 21 stock is likely to continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. Factors affecting the trading price of our common stock could include: • variations in our operating results; • our forecasts and financial guidance for future periods; • announcements of technological innovations, new products or product enhancements, new product adoptions at semiconductor customers or significant agreements by us or by our competitors; • changes, including delays or declines, in investment in artificial intelligence infrastructure; • reports regarding our ability to bring new products into volume production efficiently; • the gain or loss of significant orders or customers; • changes in the estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by any securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock; • rulings on litigation and proceedings; • seasonality, principally due to our customers' purchasing cycles; • market and competitive conditions in our industry, the entire semiconductor industry and the economy as a whole; • recruitment or departure of key personnel; • announcements of mergers and acquisition transactions and the ability to successfully integrate the business activities of the acquired/merged company; and • political and global economic instability, including as a result of trade barriers, natural disasters, epidemics and pandemics, military conflicts, climate change, and other factors acting alone or in combination. In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition. The trading price of our common stock also might decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of a particular company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against that company. Securities litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention and resources from our business. This could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws or Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock. Delaware corporate law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions: • provide that directors may only be removed with the approval of 66.7% of our stockholders; • require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; • authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our board could issue to increase the number of outstanding shares and to discourage a takeover attempt; • limit the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; • prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; • provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; and • establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Item 1B: Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C: Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 22 We recognize the importance of assessing, identifying, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats. These risks include, among other things, operational risks; intellectual property theft; fraud; extortion; harm to our employees or customers; violation of applicable privacy or security laws and other litigation and legal risk; and reputational risks. Manage Material Risks & Integrated Overall Risks We maintain an incident response plan to coordinate the activities we take to protect against, detect, respond to, mitigate the impact of and remediate cybersecurity incidents, and in an effort to comply with applicable legal obligations and mitigate reputational damage. We have strategically integrated cybersecurity risk management into our broader risk management framework to promote company-wide awareness of the importance of cybersecurity risk management. This integration incorporates cybersecurity considerations into our strategic and operational decision-making processes. Our management team works closely with our Information Technology (“IT”) team to continuously evaluate and address cybersecurity risks in an effort to align with our business objectives and operational needs. We have implemented several cybersecurity processes, technologies, and controls to aid in our efforts to identify, assess, and manage material risks, as well as to test and improve our incident response plan. Our approach includes, among other things: • conducting regular network and endpoint monitoring, vulnerability assessments, and penetration testing to improve our information systems; • regular cybersecurity training for employees, including management, and conducting regular cybersecurity management and incident training for employees involved in execution of our incident response plan; • comparing our processes to standards set by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”); • leveraging the NIST incident handling framework to help us identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover when there is an actual or potential cybersecurity incident; • operating threat intelligence processes designed to model and research our adversaries; • monitoring emerging data protection laws and implementing changes to our processes designed to comply; • conducting regular phishing email simulations for all employees and all contractors with access to corporate email systems to enhance awareness and responsiveness to such possible threats; • through policy, practice and contract (as applicable) requiring employees, as well as third-parties who provide services on our behalf, to treat customer information and data with care; • carrying information security risk insurance that provides protection against the potential losses arising from a cybersecurity incident; and • leveraging third-party score cards within our supply chain to regularly evaluate and report on our cybersecurity environment, including by integrating certain metrics into our corporate goal setting processes. These approaches vary in maturity across our risk management processes, and we work continually to improve them. Engage Third Parties on Risk Management Recognizing the complexity and evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, we engage with a range of external experts, including cybersecurity assessors, consultants, and auditors in evaluating and testing our cybersecurity environment. These partnerships enable us to leverage specialized knowledge and insights, ensuring our cybersecurity strategies and processes are responsive to our identified risks. Our collaboration with these third parties include audits, threat assessments, and consultation on security enhancements. Oversee Third-party Risk We are aware of and have processes in place to manage and mitigate the risks associated with third-party service providers. As needed in connection with certain third-party providers, we conduct risk-based diligence and assessment before engagement, implement contractual security provisions and maintain ongoing monitoring intended for compliance with applicable cybersecurity standards or requirements. Risks from Cybersecurity Threats We have not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents, and the expenses we have incurred from cybersecurity incidents were immaterial. Governance The Board is acutely aware of the critical nature of managing risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The Board has established oversight mechanisms designed for effective governance in managing risks associated with cybersecurity threats because we recognize the potential significance of these threats to our operational integrity and financial condition. 23 Board of Directors' Oversight The Governance and Nominating Committee is central to the Board’s oversight of cybersecurity risks and bears the primary responsibility for this domain. The Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board are composed of Board members with diverse expertise including, risk management, technology, and finance, equipping them to oversee cybersecurity risks effectively. Management’s Role Managing Risk The management team provides comprehensive briefings to the Governance and Nominating Committee of our Board on a regular basis, with a minimum frequency of once per year. These briefings encompass a broad range of topics as discussed in Reporting to Board of Directors below. In addition, the IT team maintains an ongoing dialog with our management team regarding emerging or potential cybersecurity risks. The management team receives updates on any significant developments in the cybersecurity domain, ensuring oversight is proactive and responsive. This involvement allows for cybersecurity considerations to be integrated into our broader strategic objectives. Risk Management Personnel Our Chief Information Officer is primarily responsible for the overall assessment, monitoring, and management of our cybersecurity risks . Our Chief Information Officer has over 20 years of experience in information technology and holds a B.S. in accounting and management information systems. Our management team members are responsible for the management of cybersecurity risks within their respective functions. Our management team includes the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, and leaders of our business units and functions. Collectively their backgrounds include a wealth of expertise relevant to their roles. Monitor Cybersecurity Incidents The Chief Information Officer and executive management team are informed about the latest developments in cybersecurity, including risk management techniques, as well as significant potential threats, through their ongoing management of and participation in the cybersecurity risk management processes described above. This ongoing knowledge is crucial for the effective prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. The Chief Information Officer implements and oversees processes for the regular monitoring of our information systems. This includes the deployment of security measures and system audits to identify potential vulnerabilities. Reporting to the Board of Directors The Chief Information Officer regularly informs the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer of critical aspects related to cybersecurity risks and incidents. This allows for the highest levels of management to be kept abreast of the Company’s cybersecurity posture and potential risks. The Governance and Nominating Committee receives regular updates from management on cybersecurity risk, including: • current cybersecurity landscape and emerging threats; • status of ongoing cybersecurity initiatives and strategies; • incident reporting and learnings from any cybersecurity events; • information regarding the effectiveness of the Company’s cybersecurity awareness program; and • compliance with regulatory requirements and industry standards. In such updates, the Governance and Nominating Committee generally receives materials including a cybersecurity scorecard and other materials indicating current and emerging cybersecurity threat risks and describing our ability to mitigate those risks, and discusses such matters with our Chief Information Officer. Significant cybersecurity matters, and strategic risk management decisions are escalated to the Board, ensuring that they have comprehensive oversight and can provide guidance on critical cybersecurity matters. Item 2: Properties Our corporate headquarters, which includes sales, marketing, administration, manufacturing, engineering, and research and development facilities, is located in Livermore, California, United States. Our corporate headquarters comprises a campus of five buildings totaling approximately 259,000 square feet. We presently lease four of the buildings and own one of the buildings. Adjacent to our campus we own approximately 6 acres of vacant land for future expansion. In June 2025, we purchased a manufacturing site in Farmers Branch, Texas, United States which is being built-out for an expected production 24 ramp beginning late in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026. In addition, we lease office, repair and service, manufacturing and/or research and development space both inside and outside of the United States. The leases expire at various times through 2034. We believe that our existing and planned facilities are suitable for our current needs. Information concerning our properties as of December 27, 2025 is set forth below: Location Principal Use Segment Square Footage Ownership Livermore, California, United States Manufacturing Probe Cards 90,508 Owned Farmers Branch, Texas, United States Build-out construction for manufacturing expected to begin late in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026 Probe Cards 283,495 Owned Livermore, California, United States Corporate headquarters, sales, marketing, administration, product design, manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development All 168,636 Leased Thiendorf, Germany Sales, marketing, administration, manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development Systems 101,291 Leased Beaverton, Oregon, United States Sales, marketing, administration, product design, manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development Probe Cards 101,205 Leased Baldwin Park, California, United States Manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development Probe Cards 44,000 Leased Carlsbad, California, United States Sales, product design, administration, manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development Probe Cards 42,080 Leased Zhubei City, Hsinchu, Taiwan Sales, administration, product design, field service and repair center All 34,892 Leased Boulder, Colorado, United States Sales, marketing, administration, manufacturing, distribution, research and development Systems 34,133 Leased Singapore Sales, administration, product design, service, and field service All 24,413 Leased Bundang, South Korea Sales, administration, product design, field service, and repair center All 19,037 Leased Yokohama City, Japan Sales, marketing, administration, product design, manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development All 16,618 Leased Munich, Germany Sales, manufacturing, administration, service and repair, distribution, research and development Systems 23,199 Leased Karlsruhe, Germany Sales, manufacturing, administration, distribution, research and development Systems 5,843 Leased Dresden, Germany Sales and service All 2,960 Leased Tsukuba, Japan Sales and service All 868 Leased Hiroshima, Japan Sales and service All 468 Leased Item 3: Legal Proceedings Information with respect to this item may be found under the caption “Legal Matters” in Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included herein, which information is incorporated into this Item 3 by reference. Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II 25 Item 5: Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Stock Information Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “FORM.” As of February 13, 2026, there were 95 registered holders of record of our common stock, which does not include beneficial owners of stock held in street name (i.e., through a brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer, trust or other similar organization). Dividends No cash dividends have been declared on shares of our common stock, and the Company currently does not intend to pay dividends in the future. Repurchases of Common Stock We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities Not applicable. 26 Stock Price Performance Graph The following graph shows the total stockholder return of an investment of $100 in cash on December 26, 2020 through December 27, 2025 for (1) our common stock, (2) the S&P 500 Index, and (3) the S&P Semiconductors Select Industry Index. All values assume reinvestment of the full amount of all dividends. Stockholder returns over the indicated period are based on historical data and are not necessarily indicative of future stockholder returns. COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* Among FormFactor, Inc., the S&P 500 Index, and the S&P Semiconductors Select Industry Index *$100 invested on December 26, 2020 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Cumulative Total Return December 26, 2020 December 25, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 30, 2023 December 28, 2024 December 27, 2025 FormFactor, Inc. $ 100.00 $ 104.53 $ 52.21 $ 97.96 $ 107.84 $ 136.36 S&P 500 Index 100.00 129.44 106.92 135.03 171.36 201.43 S&P Semiconductors Select Industry Index 100.00 143.66 100.47 135.97 155.88 200.70 This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 6: [Reserved] Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions as described under the “Note Regarding Forward-Looking 27 Statements” that appears earlier in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under “Item 1A:

--- VENDORS ---
vendors such as Japan Electronic Materials Corporation, Micronics Japan Co., and Technoprobe offer probe cards built using similar types of MEMS technology as we do. The high capital investment and other costs associated with the development of MEMS probe cards and the time and high cost of the customer evaluation process represent significant barriers to entry for this type of technology. We believe that the primary competitive factors in the production probe card market depend upon the type of integrated circuit being tested. These factors include customer service, knowledge of measurement techniques, custom design success, delivery time, price, probe card lifetime, chip damage prevention, probe tip touch-down accuracy, electrical signal speed and current carrying capability, number of chips contacted in parallel, number of probe tips and their layout and pitch, signal integrity, and the frequency and effectiveness of any required cleaning. As a result of our relative strengths in these areas, we believe that we compete favorably in the advanced probe card market, and in probe cards for parallel testing of chips with densely-packed bond pads, bumps or pillars, and in high signal integrity testing of wireless radio frequency devices that operate up to millimeter-wave frequencies, a capability needed for components used in 5G applications. We believe that this high-frequency capability also enables us to compete favorably in HBM testing, which is a stack of eight, twelve, or even sixteen individual DRAM die assembled with advanced packaging processes like through-silicon-vias and thermo-compression bonding. Analytical Probes. Our primary competitors in the analytical probe market are GGB Industries Inc. and MPI Corporation. We believe that the primary competitive factors in this market are breadth of probe types, probe frequency and electrical signal integrity, contact integrity and the related cleaning required, knowledge of measurement techniques, calibration support, delivery time and price. We believe that we compete favorably with respect to these factors. Probe Stations. Our primary competitors in the probe station market are MPI Corporation, Shenzhen Senmeixieer Technology Co., Ltd (“Semishare”), STAr Technologies, Inc., Tokyo Electron Limited (“TEL”), and Wentworth Laboratories, Inc. We believe that the primary competitive factors in the probe station market are measurement accuracy and versatility at temperature, including cryogenic temperatures, measurement speed, automation features, knowledge of measurement techniques, completeness of the measurement solutions, delivery time and price. We believe that we compete favorably with respect to these factors. Thermal Subsystems. In the market for thermal subsystems, we compete principally against AEM Singapore Pte., ERS Electronic GmbH, and Temptronic Corporation. In addition, many of our probe station competitors develop and produce their own thermal subsystems for use in their products. We believe the primary competitive factors in this market are thermal performance, reliability, flexibility and completeness of product offerings. We believe that we compete favorably with respect to these factors. Cryogenic Systems. In the market for cryogenic systems, we compete principally against Bluefors Oy, Lake Shore Cryotronics, Inc, Maybell Quantum Industries Inc., Montana Instruments, and Quantum Design. We believe the primary competitive factors in this market are cryogenic performance, reliability, throughput and application expertise. We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors. Some of our competitors are also suppliers of other types of test and measurement equipment or other semiconductor equipment and may have greater financial and other resources than we do. Our competitors may enhance their current products and may introduce new products that will be competitive with ours. New alternatives to our products may also be introduced, by our current competitors or others, which may reduce the value of one or more of our products. Semiconductor manufacturers may implement chip designs that include capabilities or use other methodologies that increase test throughput and reduce test content. This may reduce or eliminate some or all of our current products’ advantages. Semiconductor manufacturers may also increase their use of test strategies that include low performance semiconductor testers, 9 less complex probe cards, or test procedures that do not involve our products. Our ability to compete favorably may also be adversely affected by the long-standing relationships between our competitors and certain semiconductor manufacturers. Intellectual Property Our success depends in part upon our ability to continue to innovate and invest in research and development to meet the test and measurement requirements of our customers, to maintain and protect our proprietary technology, and to conduct our business without infringing on the proprietary rights of others. We rely on a combination of patents, trade secrets, trademarks and contractual restrictions on disclosure to protect our intellectual property rights. We have filed actions to enforce those rights against third parties in the past, and may pursue such actions in the future. We have generated, and continue to generate and maintain, patents and other intellectual property rights covering innovations that are intended to create a competitive advantage, and to support the protection of our investments in research and development. We believe that we possess one of the most substantial patent portfolios relevant to our products. Although we believe that our patents and other intellectual property rights have significant value for each of our segments, we do not believe that maintaining or growing our business is materially dependent on any single patent. Due to the rapid pace of innovation within the markets that we serve, it is possible that our protection through patents may be less important than factors such as our technological expertise, continuing development of new products and technologies, protection of trade secrets, market penetration, customer relationships, and our ability to provide comprehensive support and service to customers worldwide. No assurance can be given that patents will not be challenged, invalidated or circumvented, or that the rights granted thereunder will provide us with a sustained competitive advantage. In addition, there can be no assurance that we will be able to protect our technology, or that competitors will not be able to independently develop similar or functionally competitive technologies, design around our patents, or attempt to manufacture and sell infringing products in countries that do not strongly enforce intellectual property rights. Our People We are committed to a set of core values that define our company culture, represent what we believe, and guide our actions. We cultivate our culture through our people development programs that enhance talent acquisition, retention, and employee engagement. These initiatives include thoughtfully designed compensation programs across all levels, learning and development opportunities, diversity and inclusion programs, and various other initiatives. Our compensation programs help attract and retain key talent and are designed for our employees to share in our company’s success. These programs focus on compensation that we believe is market-competitive, reflects company performance, and aligns with drivers of stockholder value with differentiation based on performance, role, geographic location, and tenure. We use information from outside compensation and benefits consulting firms to evaluate the competitiveness of the rewards we offer to employees, and to evaluate the structure of our compensation and benefit programs, as a benchmark against our peers within the industry. We offer a variety of benefits such as health insurance, paid and unpaid leaves, retirement, and life and disability/accident coverage as applicable to their geographic location. We also offer a variety of other benefits which allow employees to select the options which meet their needs, such as wellness, insurance, and professional services. Our learning and development initiatives promote the continuous improvement of our workforce to keep pace with an increasingly complex business and industry and are designed to foster skills development and compliance and promote our company values. In addition to formal training, the capabilities of our workforce are intended to grow through structured feedback, mentorship, team building, career progression, tuition assistance, and a culture of transparency. We leverage both formal and informal programs to identify, reward, and retain top talent. On an annual basis, we conduct a talent review process with our Chief Executive Officer and leaders of our business units and functions that is focused on performance, potential, and succession for critical roles. We are continuing to build and sustain a culture of diversity and inclusion where our people can be their authentic selves and are encouraged to reach their full potential. As a global technology company, we believe that a diverse employee population makes FormFactor stronger, more innovative, and a more engaging place to work. We are always striving to attract talented individuals from a global candidate pool. 10 We are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace for all employees. Our workplace health and safety programs include policies, procedures, training programs, and self-audits. Nearly all of our

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials from one of these suppliers, could cause production delays. We obtain some of the components and materials used in our products, such as printed circuit board assemblies, plating materials and ceramic substrates, from a sole source or a limited group of suppliers, and in some cases alternative sources are not currently available. Because we rely on purchase orders rather than long-term contracts with the majority of our suppliers, we cannot guarantee our ability to obtain components and materials in the long term. A sole or limited source supplier could increase prices, which could lead to a decline in our gross profit. Our dependence upon sole or limited source suppliers exposes us to several other risks, including inability to obtain an adequate supply of materials, late deliveries, poor component quality, and business disruptions while we seek to identify and qualify alternative suppliers. This could be exacerbated by certain events outside the control of either the supplier or us, such as global, regional or national health crises, armed conflicts, increased tariffs and trade barriers, regional tensions or other adverse global, regional and national events. The occurrence of any of these risks could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 15 We are dependent on the availability of certain key raw materials and natural resources used in our products and various manufacturing processes, and we rely on third parties to supply us with these materials in a cost-effective and timely manner. Our access to raw materials may be adversely affected if our suppliers’ operations were disrupted as a result of limited or delayed access to key raw materials and natural resources, which may result in increased cost for these items. Our operations, or those of our important suppliers, business partners and customers, could be adversely affected by events outside of our control such as natural disasters, pandemics and man-made disasters. Our business is vulnerable to the direct and indirect impact of natural and man-made disasters, such as floods, earthquakes, volcanic eruptions, nuclear accidents, acts of terrorism, epidemics, pandemics, military conflicts, climate change, and other factors acting alone or in combination. It is also possible that future natural and man-made disasters could negatively impact the sales of our products as a result of impacts upon our customers’ ability to make or sell their products, or impacts upon our suppliers’ ability to supply components to us on a timely basis. For example, our manufacturing facilities are located in seismically active areas in California and Oregon. The manufacturing equipment and processes that we use can be severely disrupted by seismic activity. A significant seismic event in an area of our operations could have a materially negative impact on our operations, financial results or financial condition. Much of the infrastructure on which we rely for our operations is outside of our control, such as electric power infrastructure. We have previously experienced disruptions to electrical power at some of our premises in California, especially when aging infrastructure or inadequate electric power service has been impacted by high demand, fires, and weather which may worsen over time with climate change, and other events. Our efforts to mitigate the effects on us from interruptions in the availability of electric power, or other infrastructure, may not adequately prevent materially negative impacts on our operations, and in turn our financial results. Adverse global, regional and national economic conditions could have a negative effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, and access to capital markets. A variety of factors, including natural disasters, health crises, climate change, military conflicts and other geopolitical events, may adversely affect national, regional and global economies and financial markets. Recent political changes have created an environment of tension and uncertainty in economic matters, particularly with regard to tariffs and international trade. Any such adverse events may result in global, regional or national economic slowdowns or other economic disruptions or downturns. Such disruption or downturns could curtail or delay spending by businesses and consumers which may ultimately result in reductions in the demand for our products, greater volatility in demand and supply conditions and other adverse impacts. For example, any deterioration in the relations between Taiwan and China, and other factors affecting military, political or economic conditions in Taiwan or elsewhere in Asia, could adversely impact our suppliers, manufacturers and customers with operations located in the region, which could disrupt our business operations, affect demand for our products or increase our costs, negatively impacting our revenues, gross margins, and overall results of operations. Additionally, these events may also increase uncertainty in global credit and financial markets. The impacts of such uncertainty and disruptions to the availability of credit or other sources of capital could also adversely affect our ability to access capital on favorable terms or on a timely basis to meet our objectives. Any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Sustained inflation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Inflation rates in the markets in which we operate have increased and may continue to rise. Inflation in recent periods has led us to experience higher costs related to labor, materials from suppliers, and transportation. Our suppliers raised their prices and may continue to raise prices, and in the competitive markets in which we operate, we may not be able to make corresponding price increases, productivity improvements or cost reductions to preserve our gross margins and profitability. If inflation rates continue to rise or remain elevated for a sustained period of time, they could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. We have generally been able to offset increases in these costs through various productivity improvement and cost reduction initiatives, as well as by adjusting our selling prices to pass through some of these higher costs to our customers; however, our ability to raise our selling prices depends on market conditions and competitive dynamics. Given the timing of our actions compared to the timing of these inflationary pressures, there may be periods during which we are unable to fully recover the increases in our costs. 16 We rely on the security and integrity of our electronic data systems, managed both internally and by third parties, for our business requirements, and our business can be damaged by disruptions, security breaches or compromises of these systems. We rely on electronic data systems, including a variety of software and networking, computing and storage equipment and other information technologies, to operate and manage our business and to collect, process, maintain, and safeguard information, including information belonging to our customers, partners, and personnel. Our electronic data systems may be subject to defects, failures or disruptions as a result of, among other things, natural disasters, accidents, power disruptions, telecommunications failures, deficiencies in new system designs and implementations, acts of terrorism or war, physical security breaches, computer viruses or other cyber-attacks. Such incidents or other system failures or disruptions could subject us to downtime and delays, compromise or loss of sensitive or proprietary information, destruction or corruption of data, financial losses from remedial actions, breaches of obligations to third parties under privacy laws or contracts, or damage to our reputation or customer relationships. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. Our business is subject to complex and evolving data privacy and security laws, regulations, and industry standards, and our failure to comply could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We collect, process, store, and transmit large amounts of sensitive and confidential data, including personal data of our customers, employees, and third parties. This activity subjects us to a complex and continually evolving landscape of U.S. federal and state laws, foreign laws, and industry standards regarding data privacy and security. These include, but are not limited to, the General Data Protection Regulation in the European Union, the California Consumer Privacy Act as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act, and other state-specific privacy laws in the United States, as well as contractual obligations and industry-specific requirements. These laws and standards are subject to varying interpretations and can be inconsistent across jurisdictions, creating compliance challenges and increasing our legal and operational exposure. Compliance with these laws and regulations requires significant investment in personnel, technology, and process changes, and these costs are likely to increase as new requirements emerge. Our efforts to comply may not be successful, and any failure or perceived failure to comply, whether intentional or inadvertent, could result in governmental investigations, inquiries, enforcement actions, fines, civil penalties, litigation, private rights of action, or other liabilities. Such events could lead to significant financial costs, reputational damage, loss of customer trust, and restrictions on our ability to process data, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Failures in our information technology systems, including those incorporating artificial intelligence, or our inability to adapt to technological advancements, could disrupt our operations and harm our business. Our operations rely significantly on the continuous and secure operation of our information technology systems, networks, and infrastructure, including those of our third-party service providers. These systems are critical for managing our internal operations, processing transactions, communicating with customers and suppliers, and protecting sensitive data. Despite our efforts to maintain the security and integrity of our IT environment, our systems are subject to inherent risks, including natural disasters, power outages, telecommunications failures, malicious cyberattacks (such as ransomware, phishing, and denial-of-service attacks), computer viruses, or human error. Any significant disruption, security breach, or unauthorized access to or disclosure of confidential information could lead to significant financial losses, reputational damage, regulatory penalties, legal liabilities, and operational disruptions, which could materially and adversely affect our business. Furthermore, we utilize artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies in various aspects of our operations, which introduces novel and evolving risks. AI models can produce inaccurate, biased, or unpredictable outputs, potentially leading to flawed decision-making, operational inefficiencies, or customer dissatisfaction. The use of AI also raises complex legal and ethical questions, including those related to intellectual property ownership of AI-generated content, the privacy and security of data used to train AI models, and accountability for AI system failures. The regulatory landscape governing AI is rapidly developing, and new laws or interpretations could impose significant compliance costs, restrict our use of AI, or expose us to unforeseen liabilities. These risks, individually or in the aggregate, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Our reliance on third-party data and open-source software components could expose us to intellectual property, security, and accuracy risks. We incorporate research, published data, and open-source software components into our products, services, and internal operations. While these resources can enhance our capabilities and efficiency, they also introduce significant risks. The use of third-party data may expose us to risks of data inaccuracy, incompleteness, or misinterpretation, which could lead to flawed analyses, erroneous business decisions, and reputational harm. We may also inadvertently infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others if the data we use is not properly licensed or if its use violates existing copyrights, patents, or trade secrets. 17 Moreover, the use of open-source software components carries inherent risks. Open-source licenses may contain terms that require us to disclose our proprietary source code, grant licenses to our intellectual property, or incur significant costs to re-engineer our solutions if we are unable to comply with such terms. Additionally, open-source software is often maintained by a community of developers and may not be subject to the same rigorous security and quality assurance processes as commercial software. This can result in undiscovered vulnerabilities, security flaws, or bugs that could be exploited by malicious actors, leading to data breaches, system outages, or other security incidents. Any of these risks could result in significant legal liabilities, enforcement actions, operational disruptions, and reputational damage, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Geopolitical tensions, particularly between the U.S. and China, and the Chinese data regulatory regime, could materially and adversely affect our operations in China and globally. Our operations, including data processing and transfer activities, are subject to the evolving geopolitical landscape and the increasingly stringent regulatory environment in jurisdictions where we operate or from which we process data. Specifically, escalating trade tensions and policy divergence between the U.S. and China, including restrictions on technology transfers, cross-border data transfers, export controls, and investment limitations, could impact our ability to conduct business, access critical technologies, or operate effectively in the Chinese market. The sale of our products as a percentage of our revenues to customers inside of China represented 7%, 14%, and 14% of total revenue for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Furthermore, China's comprehensive data regulatory framework, including the recently amended Cybersecurity Law, the Data Security Law, and the Personal Information Protection Law, imposes strict requirements on data localization, cross-border data transfers, and data security assessments. These laws contain broad extraterritorial reach and often conflict with privacy and data transfer norms in other jurisdictions. Our compliance with these complex and sometimes ambiguous regulations may require significant operational adjustments, increase our compliance costs, and restrict our ability to transfer data necessary for our global operations. Any failure or perceived failure to comply with these laws could result in severe penalties, including substantial fines, suspension of business operations, blacklisting, damage to our reputation, and restrictions on our ability to collect, process, or transfer data, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Because we conduct most of our business internationally, we are subject to operational, economic, financial and political risks abroad. Sales of our products to customers outside of the United States represent a significant part of our past and anticipated revenues. Our international sales as a percentage of our revenues were 81%, 76% and 74% for fiscal 2025, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Certain of our non-U.S. based customers also purchase through their subsidiaries in the United States. In the future we expect international sales to continue to account for a significant percentage of our revenues. Accordingly, we will be subject to risks and challenges that we would not otherwise face if we conducted our business solely in the United States. These risks and challenges include: • compliance with a wide variety of foreign laws and regulations, including social, political, immigration, and tax and trade policies; • legal uncertainties regarding taxes, tariffs, quotas, export controls, export licenses and other trade barriers; • political and economic instability or foreign conflicts, including trade wars, that involve or affect the countries of our customers; • government restrictions on, or nationalization of, our operations in any country, or restrictions on our ability to repatriate earnings from or distribute compensation or other funds in a particular country; • adverse changes relating to government grants, tax credits, or other government incentives, including more favorable incentives provided to competitors; • difficulties in collecting accounts receivable and longer accounts receivable payment cycles; • difficulties in staffing and managing personnel, distributors and representatives; • reduced protection for intellectual property rights in some countries; • currency exchange rate fluctuations, which could affect the value of our assets denominated in local currency, as well as the price of our products relative to locally produced products; • global, regional and national geopolitical or other events, such as political instability, acts of war or terrorism, regional tensions, health crises and natural disasters; • seasonal fluctuations in purchasing patterns in other countries; and • fluctuations in freight rates and transportation disruptions. 18 Any of these factors could harm our existing international operations, impair our ability to continue expanding into international markets or materially adversely affect our operating results. Political developments in the United States and elsewhere may increase the risks and uncertainties associated with conducting international business, including the possibilities of greater tariffs and other trade barriers in the regions where we conduct business. In fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, we observed a continuing trend of increasing risks and challenges in the conduct of our international business activities, including expanded tariffs and other trade barriers affecting the United States and China, and trade tensions and conflicts (including proposed tariffs) between the United States and other countries. Additionally, we are required to comply with foreign import and export requirements, customs and value added tax standards that can be unclear or complex. Our failure to meet these requirements and standards could negatively impact our business operations. Our foreign operations expose us to additional risks relating to currency fluctuations. Our international operations are significant to our revenues and net income, and we plan to continue to grow internationally. We have significant business operations located in Germany. While we report our financial results in U.S. dollars, we incur certain costs in other currencies, and have certain foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities. We, therefore, face exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. Significant fluctuations in exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may adversely affect our revenues and earnings, despite our hedging of a portion of our international currency exposures. Additionally, hedging programs are inherently risky and could expose us to additional costs and risks that could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Increasingly restrictive export regulations and other trade barriers may materially harm our business. Sales of our products to customers outside of the United States represent a significant part of our past and anticipated revenues. In recent months, markets have reacted adversely to geopolitical tensions, volatility and uncertainty in international trade policies, substantially stemming from the U.S. government’s implementation of rapidly evolving changes to trade policies, including new and expanded tariffs and changes in U.S. participation in multilateral trade agreements resulting in reciprocal tariffs and other trade restrictions imposed and modified, and selective tariff exemptions being granted, often suddenly and with little notice, impacting a broad range of raw materials and trade globally. In reaction to U.S. trade regulations, governments and private businesses outside the United States may implement retaliatory controls and preferences for non-U.S. or local suppliers, which can increase our manufacturing and transaction costs, make our products less competitive, reduce demand for our products, limit our ability to sell to certain customers, limit our ability to procure components or raw materials, or impede or slow the movement of our goods across borders. These and other regulatory and policy changes, and the reactions of customers to such changes, in the United States and elsewhere, could materially and negatively affect our future sales and operating results. If we fail to protect our proprietary rights, our competitors might gain access to our technology, which could adversely affect our ability to compete successfully in our markets. If we choose not to protect our proprietary rights or fail in our efforts to protect our proprietary rights, our competitors might gain access to our technology. Unauthorized parties might attempt to copy aspects of our products or to obtain and use information that we regard as proprietary. Others might independently develop similar or competing technologies or methods or design around our patents. In addition, the laws of many foreign countries in which we or our customers do business do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. As a result, our proprietary rights could be compromised, our competitors might offer products similar to ours, and we might not be able to compete successfully. We also cannot assure that: • our means of protecting our proprietary rights will be adequate; • patents will be issued from our pending or future applications; • our existing or future patents will be sufficient in scope or strength to provide any meaningful protection or commercial advantage to us; • our patents or other intellectual property will not be invalidated, circumvented or successfully challenged in the United States or foreign countries; or • others will not misappropriate our proprietary technologies or independently develop similar technologies, duplicate our products or design around any of our patents or other intellectual property, or attempt to manufacture and sell infringing products in countries that do not strongly enforce intellectual property rights. We have spent, and may be required to spend in the future, significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. Any litigation, whether or not resolved in our favor, and whether initiated by us or by a third party, could result in significant and possibly material expenses to us and divert the efforts of our management and technical personnel. 19 We might be subject to claims of infringement of other parties’ proprietary rights. Our industry is characterized by uncertain and conflicting intellectual property claims. As we have in the past, we may receive claims that we are infringing intellectual property rights of others. The resolution of intellectual property claims, with or without merit, could be time consuming, result in costly litigation with highly uncertain outcomes, or impact our delivery of products. In the event of an adverse judgement or settlement, we might be required to pay substantial amounts, cease the use or sale of infringing products, spend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology, discontinue the use of certain technology, or enter into license agreements. License agreements might not be available on terms acceptable to us or at all. In addition, certain of our customer contracts contain provisions that require us to defend or indemnify our customers for third party intellectual property infringement claims, which could increase the costs and negative impacts of intellectual property claims. We have recorded restructuring, inventory write-offs and asset impairment charges in the past, and may do so again in the future, which could have a material negative impact on our business. We have recorded significant restructuring charges in prior periods, and we may implement restructuring plans in the future, which would require us to take additional, potentially material, restructuring charges related to employee terminations, asset disposal or exit costs. We may also be required to write-off additional inventory if our product build plans or usage of inventory experience declines, and such additional write-offs could constitute material charges. In addition, significant adverse changes in market conditions could require us to take additional material impairment charges related to our long-lived assets if the changes impact the critical assumptions or estimates that we use in our assessment of the recoverability of our long-lived assets. Any such additional charges, whether related to restructuring, asset impairment or factory underutilization, may have a material negative impact on our operating results and related financial statements. For example, in the first quarter of 2026 we announced restructuring plans, which include the consolidation of the manufacturing facilities located in Carlsbad and Baldwin Park, California to other manufacturing facilities, that are expected to result in the Company recording restructuring charges in the aggregate amount of approximately $30 million to $40 million. We may not be able to recruit or retain qualified personnel. We believe our ability to manage successfully and grow our business and to develop new products depends, in large part, on our ability to recruit and retain qualified employees, particularly highly skilled technical, sales, management, and other key personnel. Competition for qualified resources is intense. Other companies may have greater resources available to provide substantial inducements to lure key personnel away from us or to offer more competitive compensation packages to individuals we are trying to hire. Our failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could subject us to significant fines and liabilities, and new laws and regulations or changes in regulatory interpretation or enforcement could make compliance more difficult and costly. We are subject to various U.S. federal, state and local, and foreign governmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites and the maintenance of a safe workplace. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, civil or criminal fines or sanctions, and third-party claims for property damage or personal injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations or non-compliance with the environmental permits required at our facilities. Environmental laws, regulations and permits could require the installation of costly pollution or waste control equipment or operational changes to limit waste or emissions or decrease the likelihood of accidental releases of hazardous substances. In addition, changing laws and regulations, new laws and regulations, stricter enforcement of existing laws and regulations, the discovery of previously unknown contamination at our or others’ sites, or the imposition of new cleanup requirements could require us to curtail our operations, restrict our future expansion, subject us to liability and cause us to incur future costs that could harm our operations, thereby adversely impacting our operating results and cash flow. We are exposed to additional risks as a result of increased attention by our stakeholders to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters. Our stakeholders, including customers, investors, advisory firms, employees, and suppliers, among others, are increasing their attention to, and establishing expectations for, ESG and related matters. These expectations can extend to our corporate practices, initiatives, and disclosures, as well as stakeholder standards or preferences for investments or doing business. Third-party agencies have also established or added standards for rating companies on a range of ESG-related factors that may be inconsistent and subject to change. As a result, these expectations may impact the attractiveness of our business, the manner in which we do business, our reputation, the costs of doing business, and the willingness of these stakeholders to engage with, invest in, or retain us. We may be further impacted by the adoption and evolution of ESG-related regulation and legislation in the jurisdictions in which we do business, which could result in increased compliance, operational, and other costs. 20 In addition, we have provided voluntary disclosures on ESG matters, including energy usage, greenhouse gas emissions, health and safety, diversity and inclusion, and labor and human rights. Such disclosures are aspirational and based on frameworks and standards for such initiatives and progress that are still developing, assumptions that may change, and disclosure control and procedures that continue to evolve. We may fail, or be perceived to fail, in attaining or maintaining our ESG-related initiatives. These events or perceptions may expose us to additional reputational and operational risks. Additionally, anti-ESG sentiment exists among certain stakeholders. We have been and may again be subject to negative responses from certain stakeholders regarding our selection of certain goals and our strategic choices regarding related matters due to anti-ESG sentiment, which could negatively impact our reputation, business and financial results. Risks Relating to Our Acquisitions We have made acquisitions and investments, and may make additional acquisitions or investments in the future, which could put a strain on our resources, cause ownership dilution to our stockholders, or adversely affect our financial results. Our acquisitions or investments may subject us to new or heightened risks. Integrating any newly acquired businesses, property, manufacturing facilities, products or technologies into our company draws upon our resources in ways that can be expensive and time consuming, particularly when we conduct these activities internationally. These activities can substantially affect our financial resources, could cause delays in product delivery and might not be successful. Acquisitions and investments can divert management’s attention and expose our business to new liabilities or risks associated with entering into new or expanded business activities. In addition, we might lose key employees or have difficulty finding adequate talent while integrating new organizations or expanding our business activities. We might not be successful in integrating any acquired businesses, property, manufacturing facilities, products or technologies, and might not achieve anticipated revenues and cost benefits. Investments, including investments in capital projects, that we make may not result in a return consistent with our projections upon which such investments are made, or may require additional investment that we did not originally anticipate. In the case where we hold a minority equity interest in a company, we may not have the ability to exert control over the entity and therefore may be subject to additional risks that could adversely impact our reputation, business, financial performance and growth. In addition, acquisitions can result in customer dissatisfaction, performance problems with an acquired company, potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt and restrictive debt covenants, contingent liabilities, possible impairment charges related to goodwill or other intangible assets, or other adverse impacts or circumstances. If any of these risks were to come about, our business, financial results and stock price could be materially and adversely affected. If goodwill or other intangible assets that we recorded, or will record, in connection with our acquisitions become impaired, we could be required to take significant charges against earnings. In connection with our accounting for acquired businesses, we record a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets. Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets have been impaired. Finite-lived intangible assets are assessed for impairment in the event of an impairment indicator. Any reduction or impairment of the value of goodwill or other intangible assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and stockholders’ equity in future periods. Risks Relating to Owning Our Stock If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal and disclosure controls and procedures, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. Effective internal and disclosure controls and procedures are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, to prevent fraud and to operate successfully as a public company. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, our business and reputation may be harmed. We regularly review and assess our internal controls over financial reporting and our disclosure controls and procedures. As part of that process, we may discover material weaknesses in our internal controls. If we fail to maintain effective controls or timely implement any necessary improvement of our internal and disclosure controls, we may not have accurate information to make management decisions, our operating results could be harmed, or we may fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal and disclosure controls could also cause stockholders to lose confidence in our reported financial information and our ability to manage our business, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our securities. The trading price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be volatile, and you might not be able to sell your shares at or above the price that you paid for them. The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have been highly volatile. During fiscal 2025, our stock price (Nasdaq Global Select Market close price) ranged from $23.18 per share to $59.25 per share. The trading price of our common 21 stock is likely to continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. Factors affecting the trading price of our common stock could include: • variations in our operating results; • our forecasts and financial guidance for future periods; • announcements of technological innovations, new products or product enhancements, new product adoptions at semiconductor customers or significant agreements by us or by our competitors; • changes, including delays or declines, in investment in artificial intelligence infrastructure; • reports regarding our ability to bring new products into volume production efficiently; • the gain or loss of significant orders or customers; • changes in the estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by any securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock; • rulings on litigation and proceedings; • seasonality, principally due to our customers' purchasing cycles; • market and competitive conditions in our industry, the entire semiconductor industry and the economy as a whole; • recruitment or departure of key personnel; • announcements of mergers and acquisition transactions and the ability to successfully integrate the business activities of the acquired/merged company; and • political and global economic instability, including as a result of trade barriers, natural disasters, epidemics and pandemics, military conflicts, climate change, and other factors acting alone or in combination. In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, operating results or financial condition. The trading price of our common stock also might decline in reaction to events that affect other companies in our industry even if these events do not directly affect us. In addition, in the past, following periods of volatility in the overall market and the market prices of a particular company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been instituted against that company. Securities litigation, if instituted against us, could result in substantial costs and divert our management’s attention and resources from our business. This could have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws or Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our common stock. Delaware corporate law and our certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions: • provide that directors may only be removed with the approval of 66.7% of our stockholders; • require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws; • authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our board could issue to increase the number of outstanding shares and to discourage a takeover attempt; • limit the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; • prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders; • provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; and • establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at stockholder meetings. In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Item 1B: Unresolved Staff Comments None. Item 1C: Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy 22 We recognize the importance of assessing, identifying, and managing material risks associated with cybersecurity threats. These risks include, among other things, operational risks; intellectual property theft; fraud; extortion; harm to our employees or customers; violation of applicable privacy or security laws and other litigation and legal risk; and reputational risks. Manage Material Risks & Integrated Overall Risks We maintain an incident response plan to coordinate the activities we take to protect against, detect, respond to, mitigate the impact of and remediate cybersecurity incidents, and in an effort to comply with applicable legal obligations and mitigate reputational damage. We have strategically integrated cybersecurity risk management into our broader risk management framework to promote company-wide awareness of the importance of cybersecurity risk management. This integration incorporates cybersecurity considerations into our strategic and operational decision-making processes. Our management team works closely with our Information Technology (“IT”) team to continuously evaluate and address cybersecurity risks in an effort to align with our business objectives and operational needs. We have implemented several cybersecurity processes, technologies, and controls to aid in our efforts to identify, assess, and manage material risks, as well as to test and improve our incident response plan. Our approach includes, among other things: • conducting regular network and endpoint monitoring, vulnerability assessments, and penetration testing to improve our information systems; • regular cybersecurity training for employees, including management, and conducting regular cybersecurity management and incident training for employees involved in execution of our incident response plan; • comparing our processes to standards set by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”); • leveraging the NIST incident handling framework to help us identify, protect, detect, respond, and recover when there is an actual or potential cybersecurity incident; • operating threat intelligence processes designed to model and research our adversaries; • monitoring emerging data protection laws and implementing changes to our processes designed to comply; • conducting regular phishing email simulations for all employees and all contractors with access to corporate email systems to enhance awareness and responsiveness to such possible threats; • through policy, practice and contract (as applicable) requiring employees, as well as third-parties who provide services on our behalf, to treat customer information and data with care; • carrying information security risk insurance that provides protection against the potential losses arising from a cybersecurity incident; and • leveraging third-party score cards within our supply chain to regularly evaluate and report on our cybersecurity environment, including by integrating certain metrics into our corporate goal setting processes. These approaches vary in maturity across our risk management processes, and we work continually to improve them. Engage Third Parties on Risk Management Recognizing the complexity and evolving nature of cybersecurity threats, we engage with a range of external experts, including cybersecurity assessors, consultants, and auditors in evaluating and testing our cybersecurity environment. These partnerships enable us to leverage specialized knowledge and insights, ensuring our cybersecurity strategies and processes are responsive to our identified risks. Our collaboration with these third parties include audits, threat assessments, and consultation on security enhancements. Oversee Third-party Risk We are aware of and have processes in place to manage and mitigate the risks associated with third-party service providers. As needed in connection with certain third-party providers, we conduct risk-based diligence and assessment before engagement, implement contractual security provisions and maintain ongoing monitoring intended for compliance with applicable cybersecurity standards or requirements. Risks from Cybersecurity Threats We have not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents, and the expenses we have incurred from cybersecurity incidents were immaterial. Governance The Board is acutely aware of the critical nature of managing risks associated with cybersecurity threats. The Board has established oversight mechanisms designed for effective governance in managing risks associated with cybersecurity threats because we recognize the potential significance of these threats to our operational integrity and financial condition. 23 Board of Directors' Oversight The Governance and Nominating Committee is central to the Board’s oversight of cybersecurity risks and bears the primary responsibility for this domain. The Governance and Nominating Committee and the Board are composed of Board members with diverse expertise including, risk management, technology, and finance, equipping them to oversee cybersecurity risks effectively. Management’s Role Managing Risk The management team provides comprehensive briefings to the Governance and Nominating Committee of our Board on a regular basis, with a minimum frequency of once per year. These briefings encompass a broad range of topics as discussed in Reporting to Board of Directors below. In addition, the IT team maintains an ongoing dialog with our management team regarding emerging or potential cybersecurity risks. The management team receives updates on any significant developments in the cybersecurity domain, ensuring oversight is proactive and responsive. This involvement allows for cybersecurity considerations to be integrated into our broader strategic objectives. Risk Management Personnel Our Chief Information Officer is primarily responsible for the overall assessment, monitoring, and management of our cybersecurity risks . Our Chief Information Officer has over 20 years of experience in information technology and holds a B.S. in accounting and management information systems. Our management team members are responsible for the management of cybersecurity risks within their respective functions. Our management team includes the Chief Financial Officer, Chief Executive Officer, and leaders of our business units and functions. Collectively their backgrounds include a wealth of expertise relevant to their roles. Monitor Cybersecurity Incidents The Chief Information Officer and executive management team are informed about the latest developments in cybersecurity, including risk management techniques, as well as significant potential threats, through their ongoing management of and participation in the cybersecurity risk management processes described above. This ongoing knowledge is crucial for the effective prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation of cybersecurity incidents. The Chief Information Officer implements and oversees processes for the regular monitoring of our information systems. This includes the deployment of security measures and system audits to identify potential vulnerabilities. Reporting to the Board of Directors The Chief Information Officer regularly informs the Chief Financial Officer and Chief Executive Officer of critical aspects related to cybersecurity risks and incidents. This allows for the highest levels of management to be kept abreast of the Company’s cybersecurity posture and potential risks. The Governance and Nominating Committee receives regular updates from management on cybersecurity risk, including: • current cybersecurity landscape and emerging threats; • status of ongoing cybersecurity initiatives and strategies; • incident reporting and learnings from any cybersecurity events; • information regarding the effectiveness of the Company’s cybersecurity awareness program; and • compliance with regulatory requirements and industry standards. In such updates, the Governance and Nominating Committee generally receives materials including a cybersecurity scorecard and other materials indicating current and emerging cybersecurity threat risks and describing our ability to mitigate those risks, and discusses such matters with our Chief Information Officer. Significant cybersecurity matters, and strategic risk management decisions are escalated to the Board, ensuring that they have comprehensive oversight and can provide guidance on critical cybersecurity matters. Item 2: Properties Our corporate headquarters, which includes sales, marketing, administration, manufacturing, engineering, and research and development facilities, is located in Livermore, California, United States. Our corporate headquarters comprises a campus of five buildings totaling approximately 259,000 square feet. We presently lease four of the buildings and own one of the buildings. Adjacent to our campus we own approximately 6 acres of vacant land for future expansion. In June 2025, we purchased a manufacturing site in Farmers Branch, Texas, United States which is being built-out for an expected production 24 ramp beginning late in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026. In addition, we lease office, repair and service, manufacturing and/or research and development space both inside and outside of the United States. The leases expire at various times through 2034. We believe that our existing and planned facilities are suitable for our current needs. Information concerning our properties as of December 27, 2025 is set forth below: Location Principal Use Segment Square Footage Ownership Livermore, California, United States Manufacturing Probe Cards 90,508 Owned Farmers Branch, Texas, United States Build-out construction for manufacturing expected to begin late in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2026 Probe Cards 283,495 Owned Livermore, California, United States Corporate headquarters, sales, marketing, administration, product design, manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development All 168,636 Leased Thiendorf, Germany Sales, marketing, administration, manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development Systems 101,291 Leased Beaverton, Oregon, United States Sales, marketing, administration, product design, manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development Probe Cards 101,205 Leased Baldwin Park, California, United States Manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development Probe Cards 44,000 Leased Carlsbad, California, United States Sales, product design, administration, manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development Probe Cards 42,080 Leased Zhubei City, Hsinchu, Taiwan Sales, administration, product design, field service and repair center All 34,892 Leased Boulder, Colorado, United States Sales, marketing, administration, manufacturing, distribution, research and development Systems 34,133 Leased Singapore Sales, administration, product design, service, and field service All 24,413 Leased Bundang, South Korea Sales, administration, product design, field service, and repair center All 19,037 Leased Yokohama City, Japan Sales, marketing, administration, product design, manufacturing, service and repair, distribution, research and development All 16,618 Leased Munich, Germany Sales, manufacturing, administration, service and repair, distribution, research and development Systems 23,199 Leased Karlsruhe, Germany Sales, manufacturing, administration, distribution, research and development Systems 5,843 Leased Dresden, Germany Sales and service All 2,960 Leased Tsukuba, Japan Sales and service All 868 Leased Hiroshima, Japan Sales and service All 468 Leased Item 3: Legal Proceedings Information with respect to this item may be found under the caption “Legal Matters” in Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, to our consolidated financial statements included herein, which information is incorporated into this Item 3 by reference. Item 4: Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. PART II 25 Item 5: Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Stock Information Our common stock is listed on The Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol “FORM.” As of February 13, 2026, there were 95 registered holders of record of our common stock, which does not include beneficial owners of stock held in street name (i.e., through a brokerage firm, bank, broker-dealer, trust or other similar organization). Dividends No cash dividends have been declared on shares of our common stock, and the Company currently does not intend to pay dividends in the future. Repurchases of Common Stock We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities Not applicable. 26 Stock Price Performance Graph The following graph shows the total stockholder return of an investment of $100 in cash on December 26, 2020 through December 27, 2025 for (1) our common stock, (2) the S&P 500 Index, and (3) the S&P Semiconductors Select Industry Index. All values assume reinvestment of the full amount of all dividends. Stockholder returns over the indicated period are based on historical data and are not necessarily indicative of future stockholder returns. COMPARISON OF 5 YEAR CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN* Among FormFactor, Inc., the S&P 500 Index, and the S&P Semiconductors Select Industry Index *$100 invested on December 26, 2020 in stock or index, including reinvestment of dividends. Cumulative Total Return December 26, 2020 December 25, 2021 December 31, 2022 December 30, 2023 December 28, 2024 December 27, 2025 FormFactor, Inc. $ 100.00 $ 104.53 $ 52.21 $ 97.96 $ 107.84 $ 136.36 S&P 500 Index 100.00 129.44 106.92 135.03 171.36 201.43 S&P Semiconductors Select Industry Index 100.00 143.66 100.47 135.97 155.88 200.70 This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or incorporated by reference into any of our other filings under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. Item 6: [Reserved] Item 7: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions as described under the “Note Regarding Forward-Looking 27 Statements” that appears earlier in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated by these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under “Item 1A:

