TICKER: FOXX
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions; ● high
                                            inflation rates and interest rate increases; ● factors
                                            relating to our business, operations, and financial performances, including: ● Our
                                            ability to compete in a changing industry and respond quickly and cost-effectively to
                                            new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements; ● Our
                                            ability to generate the earnings necessary to fund our operations, continue to grow our business
                                            or repay our debt obligations; ● Our
                                            ability to establish successful relations with third-party distributors or sales agents; ● Changes
                                            in government regulations, including related to the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP)
                                            and the Lifeline Program; ● Our
                                            ability to introduce new products that achieve market acceptance and keep pace with technological
                                            developments; ● Our
                                            ability to develop and maintain intellectual property rights; ● Our
                                            ability to raise additional capital in the future to finance our planned growth. ii We
have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about our business, the industry in which
we operate and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects, and
these forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or development. These forward-looking statements speak only
as of the date of this Annual Report and are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions described in “ Risk
Factors ” and elsewhere in this Annual Report. Because forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties,
some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward-looking statements as predictions of future events.
The events and circumstances reflected in our forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ
materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update
or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein until after we distribute this Annual Report, whether as a result of any new
information, future events or otherwise. In
addition, statements that “we believe” and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These
statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report, and while we believe such information forms
a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate
that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are
inherently uncertain, and you are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. This
Annual Report includes trademarks, tradenames and service marks that are the property of other organizations. Solely for convenience,
trademarks and tradenames referred to in this Annual Report appear without the ® and ™ symbols, but those references are not
intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights, or that the applicable
owner will not assert its rights, to these trademarks and tradenames. On
September 26, 2024 (the “Closing”), Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“ACAC”)
consummated a previously announced business combination pursuant to the terms of the business combination agreement (as amended from
time to time, the “Business Combination Agreement”), by and among ACAC, Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc., a Delaware
corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of ACAC (the “Purchaser”), Acri Capital Merger Sub II Inc., a Delaware
corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser (“Merger Sub”), and Foxx Development Inc., a Texas corporation
(“Old Foxx”), pursuant to which (i) ACAC merged with and into Purchaser (the “Reincorporation Merger”), and
(ii) Old Foxx merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser (the
“Acquisition Merger”). The Reincorporation Merger, the Acquisition Merger, and the transactions contemplated under the
Business Combination Agreement, are collectively referred to as the “Business Combination”. Upon Closing, the Purchaser
was renamed as “Foxx Development Holdings Inc.” (the “Registrant”). Unless
the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual Report to “we,” “us,”, “our” or
the “Company” refer to the business and operations of Old Foxx and its subsidiaries prior to consummation of the
Business Combination and to Foxx Development Holdings Inc., the Registrant, and its subsidiaries following the consummation of the
Business Combination. iii PART
I ITEM
1. BUSINESS Overview Founded
in Texas in 2017, we are a technology innovation firm specializing in the communications sector. Since our establishment in 2017, we
have expanded our presence to include various locations throughout the United States, such as San Francisco, CA, Dallas, TX, Atlanta,
GA, Los Angeles, CA, Miami, FL, and New York, NY. This expansion enables us to provide sales, retail, distribution, and after-sales
support services while simultaneously driving innovation through active research and development efforts aimed at pioneering new customization
standards and services. Our
                                                                                                                                                          business model involves providing comprehensive hardware and software specifications to original design manufacturers. Once the
                                                                                                                                                          products are developed, we engage with third-party agencies to secure necessary testing and certifications, including Equipment
                                                                                                                                                          Authorizations from the FCC and certifications from the Global Mobile Suppliers Association. We currently offer a range of
                                                                                                                                                          Foxx-branded products, including tablets, smartphones, wearables, and expect to launch other high-quality communication terminals.
                                                                                                                                                          Our products are generally priced competitively after considering various factors such as product costs, research and development
                                                                                                                                                          investments, regulatory compliance, testing expenses, and shipping costs. Our customers are primarily distributors who sell
                                                                                                                                                          Foxx-branded products in the U.S. public channels and to major carriers in the United States such as T-Mobile, AT&T,
                                                                                                                                                          and Verizon. We also began E-Commerce operations in March 2024 and
                                                                                                                                                          our E-Commerce customers include customers from the TikTok Shop. We also provide an App Service by installing applications from App
                                                                                                                                                          developer partners onto its mobile devices and facilitating the distribution of these devices to end users. The
Business Combination Foxx
Development Holdings Inc. was incorporated under the name “Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc.” as a Delaware corporation on November
13, 2023. On September 26, 2024 (the “Closing”), Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation (“ACAC”)
consummated a business combination pursuant to the terms of the business combination agreement (as amended from time to time, the “Business
Combination Agreement”), by and among ACAC, Acri Capital Merger Sub I Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary
of ACAC (the “Purchaser”), Acri Capital Merger Sub II Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser
(“Merger Sub”), and Foxx Development Inc., a Texas corporation (“Foxx”), pursuant to which (i) ACAC merged with
and into Purchaser (the “Reincorporation Merger”), and (ii) Foxx merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Purchaser (the “Acquisition Merger”). The Reincorporation Merger, the Acquisition Merger,
and the transactions contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement, are collectively referred to as the “Business Combination”.
Upon Closing, the Purchaser was renamed as “Foxx Development Holdings Inc.”, and the Merger Sub was renamed as “Foxx
Development Inc.” (the “Operating Subsidiary”). The
ACAC securities previously traded on the Nasdaq Capital Market (“Nasdaq”) were delisted and ceased trading following the
Closing. On September 27, 2024, one business day after the Closing, our Common Stock and Warrants became listed on the Nasdaq under trading
symbols “FOXX” and “FOXXW,” respectively. Unless
the context otherwise requires, all references in this Annual Report to “we,” “us,”, “our” or the
“Company” refer to the business and operations of Old Foxx and its subsidiaries prior to consummation of the Business Combination
and to the Registrant and the Operating Subsidiary following the consummation of the Business Combination. Merger
Consideration Immediately
prior to the effective time of the Reincorporation Merger (the “Reincorporation Merger Effective Time”), which was on September
25, 2024, one business day prior to the Closing, (i) each issued and outstanding ACAC unit was automatically separated into one (1) share
of ACAC Class A common stock and one-half (1/2) of one ACAC warrant, and (ii) each share of ACAC Class A common stock held by stockholders
of ACAC who validly redeemed their shares of ACAC Class A common stock (each “ACAC Redeeming Share”) was automatically cancelled
and ceased to exist and thereafter represented only the right to be paid a pro-rata redemption price. ● At the Reincorporation
    Merger Effective Time on September 25, 2024, (i) each share of ACAC Class A or Class B common stock issued and outstanding (other
    than ACAC Redeeming Shares) was converted automatically into one (1) share of common stock of the Registrant, par value $0.0001 per
    share (the “Common Stock”), and (ii) each issued and outstanding ACAC warrant was converted automatically into one (1)
    redeemable warrant of the Registrant, exercisable for one (1) share of the Registrant’s Common Stock at an exercise price of
    $11.50 per share (the “Warrant”). ● At the Closing on
    September 26, 2024, by virtue of the Acquisition Merger and the Business Combination Agreement, and without any action on the part
    of any party to the Business Combination Agreement or affiliate or security thereof, the issued and outstanding shares of common
    stock of Foxx (“Original Foxx Common Stock”) held by then exiting holders of Original Foxx Common Stock (the
    “Original Foxx Shareholders”) immediately prior to the Closing (including shares of Original Foxx Common Stock issuable
    upon conversion of the principal and accrued interest of promissory notes of Foxx issued in the Transaction Financing, as defined
    below) were cancelled and automatically converted into (i) the right to receive, without interest, the applicable portion of
    5,000,000 shares of the Registrant’s Common Stock (the “Closing Payment Stock”, 500,000 of which are subject to
    the Escrow Arrangement noted below), and (ii) the contingent right to receive the applicable portion of the Earnout Shares (as
    defined below), if, as and when payable in accordance with the earnout provisions of the Business Combination Agreement. 1 Pursuant
to the Business Combination Agreement, 500,000 shares of the Closing Payment Stock in aggregate will be deposited (the “Escrow
Arrangement”) to a segregated escrow account and released to the Original Foxx Shareholders if and only if, prior to or upon the one-year anniversary
of the Business Combination Agreement, the Affordable Connectivity Program (ACP) managed by the U.S. Federal Communication Commission
is reauthorized by the U.S. Congress with funding of no less than $4 billion in total for such reauthorized period; or otherwise
be cancelled and forfeited by the Registrant without consideration. Additionally,
the Original Foxx Shareholders may be entitled to receive “Earnout Shares”, which refer to 4,200,000 shares of the Registrant’s
Common Stock, subject to the vesting schedule (the “Vesting Schedule”) as follows: ● (i) in connection with the financial performance for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2024: (A) 700,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Original Foxx Shareholders
on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant’s audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2024 (“2024 Registrant Audited Financial Statements”), prepared in accordance with the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles
of the United States (“U.S. GAAP”) and filed with the SEC on Form 10-K by the Registrant after Closing, reflect revenue of
the Registrant for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 (the “Registrant 2024 Revenue”) no less than $67,000,000 (including
$67,000,000) and less than $84,000,000 (excluding $84,000,000); (B) 1,400,000 Earnout Shares
    will be issued to Original Foxx Shareholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant 2024 Revenue reflected in the 2024 Registrant
    Audited Financial Statements is no less than $84,000,000 (including $84,000,000) and less than $100,000,000 (excluding $100,000,000); (C) 2,100,000 Earnout Shares
    will be issued to Original Foxx Shareholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant 2024 Revenue reflected in the 2024 Registrant
    Audited Financial Statements is no less than $100,000,000 (including $100,000,000); provided,
however, that the Earnout Shares will be issued and delivered pursuant to one paragraph from (i)(A)-(i)(C) above only once; and ● (ii) In connection with the financial performance for the fiscal year
ended June 30, 2025: (A) 700,000 Earnout Shares will be issued to Original Foxx Shareholders
on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant’s audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2025 (“2025 Registrant Audited Financial Statements”), prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and filed with the SEC on Form
10-K by the Registrant after Closing, reflect revenue of the Registrant for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 (the “Registrant
2025 Revenue”) no less than $77,050,000 (including $77,050,000) and less than $96,600,000 (excluding $96,600,000); (B) 1,400,000 Earnout Shares
    will be issued to Original Foxx Shareholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant 2025 Revenue reflected in the 2025 Registrant
    Audited Financial Statements is no less than $96,600,000 (including $96,600,000) and less than $115,000,000 (excluding $115,000,000); (C) 2,100,000 Earnout Shares
    will be issued to Original Foxx Shareholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the Registrant 2025 Revenue reflected in the 2025 Registrant
    Audited Financial Statements is no less than $115,000,000 (including $115,000,000); provided,
however, that the Earnout Shares will be issued and delivered pursuant to one paragraph from (ii)(A) to (ii)(C) above only once. On October 24, 2024, upon
the filing of the 2024 Audited Financial Statements as part of the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC (the
“2024 10-K”), any Earnout Shares that the Original Foxx Shareholders may be entitled to receive under the Vesting Schedule
were automatically forfeited, as the Company did not meet any of the vesting conditions for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 as provided
in the Vesting Schedule. The Earnout Shares in connection with the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 were also forfeited automatically as
the Company did not meet any of the vesting conditions for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 as provided in the Vesting Schedule. In
addition, pursuant to that certain amendment to the Underwriting Agreement, by and between EF Hutton LLC and ACAC, dated February 20,
2024, 43,125 shares of the Registrant’s Common Stock were issued to EF Hutton LLC at the Closing. 2 Transaction
Financing In
consideration of market conditions, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the parties agreed to use commercially best efforts
to secure financing to pay transaction expense and working capital of Foxx, including without limitation, a PIPE financing, private financing,
redemption waiver, convertible debt, forward purchase agreement, backstop, or equity line of credit (collectively, the “Transaction
Financing”). On June 21, 2023, Old Foxx entered into a securities purchase agreement
(the “Convertible Note Agreement 1”) with New Bay Capital Limited, a Hong Kong registered company (“New Bay”),
and issued a promissory note (“Note 1”) to New Bay in the principal amount of $2 million with an interest rate of 7%
per annum, convertible into shares of Original Foxx Common Stock at $30.00 per share upon the listing of Original Foxx Common Stock through
an initial public offering. On December 21, 2023, Old Foxx entered into another securities purchase agreement (the “Convertible
Note Agreement 2”) with New Bay with the same terms and conditions as the Convertible Note Agreement, and issued another promissory
note (“Note 2”) to New Bay in the principal amount of $2 million. In
connection with the Business Combination Agreement and all the transaction contemplated therein (the “Business Combination”),
in the spring of 2024, Old Foxx and ACAC reached out to New Bay to seek its interest in participating in further financing in connection
with the Business Combination. After negotiations with
New Bay, On March 15, 2024, Old Foxx and New Bay agreed to an amendment to amend both Convertible Note Agreement 1 and Convertible
Note Agreement 2, and to amend Note 1 and Note 2, by removing the lock-up provisions as provided therein and allowing the unpaid
principal and accrued interest on Note 1 and Note 2 to convert to Original Foxx Common Stock immediately prior to the closing of the
Business Combination. New Bay also subscribed for a new promissory note (“Note 3”) in the principal amount of $2 million
under the same terms and conditions as amended Note 1 and Note 2 (collectively, the “New Bay Notes”). On
February 20, 2024, New Bay introduced Old Foxx to BR Technologies PTE, Ltd. (“BR Technologies”), a Singapore-based company.
On May 30, 2024, Old Foxx, BR Technologies and Grazyna Plawinski Limited, a Singapore-based company (“Grazyna”),
entered into a securities purchase agreement for issuance of promissory notes in the amount of up to $9.0 million with an interest
rate of 7% per annum under the same terms and conditions as provided in the New Bay Notes. A promissory note was issued by Old Foxx to
BR (the “Note 4”) in the principal amount of $6 million and promissory notes issued by Old Foxx to Grazyna (the “Note
5”) in the total principal amount of $3 million on September 12, 2024. Immediately prior to the Closing, all the accrued and unpaid principal
and interests on the New Bay Notes, Note 4, and Note 5 were converted into: (x) 212,050 shares of Original Foxx Common Stock for the New
Bay Notes, (y) 200,882 shares of Original Foxx Common Stock for Note 4, and (z) 100,690 share of Old Foxx Common Stock for Note 5, at
a price of $30.00 per share. At the Closing, all of the converted shares of Original Foxx Common Stock were cancelled in exchange for
the holders’ pro rata share of the Closing Payment Shares using the exchange ratio of 3.3033, resulting in (x) 700,473 shares of
our Common Stock issued to New Bay, (y) 663,581 shares of our Common Stock issued to BR Technologies, and (z) 332,614 shares of our Common
Stock issued to Grazyna. 3 Current
Products Our
current revenue stream is primarily derived from the sales of tablets and smartphones. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025,
we achieved sales of approximately 8,000 tablets and 328,000 smartphones sold, generating
approximately $60.4 million in revenue. For the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024, our sales reached
approximately 12,000 tablets and approximately 80,000 smartphones sold, generating
a revenue of approximately $3.2 million. Tablet
Products We
produce affordable tablets to meet the diverse needs of consumers across various demographics, aligning with our goal of democratizing
technology and enhancing digital inclusion for all. These tablets facilitate broader access to technology, enabling individuals from
diverse economic backgrounds to enjoy the benefits of digital devices while also serving as invaluable educational aids. In 2024, we launched C10 LTE tablet, which is equipped with the following
key features: ● 10.1-Inch HD Display:
    Offers vibrant visuals and ample screen real estate for immersive viewing of movies, and videos. ● MT8766 2.0GHz Processor:
    Delivers smooth performance, allowing users to seamlessly navigate through apps, games, and multitasking activities. ● 4GB of RAM and 64GB of
    storage and 8MP + 8MP Camera Setup: Allows users to capture and store multimedia content without worrying about running out of space. ● Supporting 802.11 b/g/n/ac
    Wi-Fi: Provides fast and reliable wireless internet access at home, work, or on the go. Thus
far, we have successfully introduced several generations of products to the market, each tailored to meet specific consumer needs and
preferences. This strategic approach not only allows us to diversify our product range but also enables us to remain agile and responsive
to the evolving trends and demands of the marketplace. By continually innovating and expanding our offerings, we aim to ensure that we
remain at the forefront of meeting the diverse needs of our consumers. Mobile
Phone Products We
are committed to developing high performance smartphones at competitive prices to provide accessibility for all. Our focus on innovation,
efficient manufacturing, and strategic partnerships allows us to deliver premium technology without compromising affordability. 4 In
2019, we launched our MIRO product line to cater to users seeking an affordable smartphone with quality performance, which became available
at Metro ® by T-Mobile stores beginning May 20, 2019. The MIRO phone is equipped with the following key
features: ● Immersive 5.45” HD
    Display: Enjoy a vivid viewing experience with our immersive 5.45” HD (1280 X 640) display, great for multimedia consumption
    and browsing. ● Large Lasting Battery:
    Stay connected longer with up to 10 hours of talking time and up to 300 hours of standby time, supported by a large 2450mAh
    battery. ● High-Quality Cameras:
    Capture life’s moments in stunning detail with the 8MP auto-focus rear camera and take brilliant selfies with the 5MP
    front camera. ● Google Voice Assistant:
    Simplify daily tasks with Google Voice Assistant, enabling users to check the weather, search for restaurants, manage tasks, control
    smart home devices, and more with just your voice. ● Quality Performance: Experience
    seamless app performance and multitasking capabilities with 2GB of RAM. Store photos and music effortlessly with 16GB of built-in memory,
    expandable up to 32GB via a microSD card. 5 Since
our launch of the MIRO phones, we have introduced multiple product generations to the market to offer a range of options that can meet
evolving consumer needs. For our current products This added product diversity caters to end-users in different demographics with
varying requirements, ensuring that everyone can find the ideal smartphone solution. With each new generation, we aim to raise the bar
in delivering quality performance at an accessible price point, empowering users to stay connected, productive, and engaged. Wearables To complement our smartphones,
tablets, and the IoT cloud platform, we are developing customization standards for a diverse range of wearable devices, including Bluetooth
watches, Bluetooth bracelets, GPS watches, 4G watches, and etc. We are also researching for connecting wearable products with sports equipment
and will work with chip manufacturers, solution providers, and device manufacturers to develop high-quality components and equipment,
enabling us to offer reliable and innovative solutions to the end-users. In February 2024, we partnered with a branded device Original Equipment
Manufacturer (“OEM”) and started developing a 4G LTE kids smartwatch for major US Mobile Network Operator (“MNO”)
and MVNO carriers. Our first generation wearable devices were launched in the first calendar quarter of 2025 through our E-Commerce channels. Concurrently, we have been
developing our second generation smartwatches for kids that incorporate LTE and Bluetooth technologies. Once we complete the development
and certification of the products, we expect to sell such products to third-party distributors, as well as through open-market retail
and E-Commerce channels. The launch date for the second generation smartwatches for kids is in the fourth calendar quarter of 2025. 6 Smart Home Solutions We expanded our business
into smart home market segments. In July 2025, we successfully launched our first product “Leak Shield”, a smart water leak
detector we developed through our strategic technology partnership with APEC Water Systems (“APEC”), a premier U.S. manufacturer
of water filtration systems. We worked closely with APEC throughout the product development process, bringing expertise in IoT connectivity,
mobile app development, and sensor integration to create the APEC Smart Water Leak Detector (SKU: SMTD-001-1PK). Target
End-Users Our
current product lines are tailored to cater to the following types of end-users: Budget
Conscious/Practical Shopper: These individuals are meticulous researchers who make informed decisions. They seek practical tablets and
smartphones to seamlessly navigate their daily digital activities, including browsing, attending online lectures, messaging, social media
interactions, calls, web browsing, GPS navigation, and photography. First-Time Tablets
or Smartphone Users: Embodying the essence of social connectivity, these users are driven by a fear of missing out among peers. They
are highly active online, engaging primarily in messaging, photo-sharing, gaming, and staying updated within their social circles. Despite
limited purchasing power, they aspire for visually appealing tablets phones with unique features, typically acquired through initial
jobs or parental support. Parents
of First-Time Tablets or Smartphone Users: These individuals seek capable yet budget-friendly tablets and smartphones for their
children, understanding the importance of providing essential educational or daily functionalities without straining their finances.
With considerable purchasing power in some instances, they often begin their search online, prioritizing terms such as “best value”
or “affordable”. Influenced significantly by pricing and reviews, they prioritize obtaining the best value proposition for
their children’s needs. Strategic
Approach to Sales and Distribution Third
Party Customer-Driven Sales Model Since inception, we have
been employing the strategy of engaging with distributors who purchase products from us and then market our products to consumers through
the networks of prominent telecommunications carriers across the United States. We have been able to achieve substantial sales by
working with customers who have existing relationships with prominent telecommunications carriers and can efficiently sell our products,
allowing us to build presence in the market. We also entered into multiple master agreements with Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNOs),
broadening our reach and delivering sophisticated telecommunications solutions to an extensive consumer base. Diversified Sales Approach In prior years, we actively
sought qualification for and participated in national initiatives aimed at enhancing the affordability and accessibility of communication
services for individuals with limited income. As a certified supplier for the FCC’s Lifeline and Affordable Connectivity Program
(ACP), we played a vital role in efforts to ensure essential communication services are economically accessible. Even though we continue
to serve as a key supplier for the Lifeline Program, we have diversified our product offerings to target customers who are interested
in other mobile devices, tablets, and IoT products. In addition, we launched our products through TikTok Shop in March 2024 and various
online E-Commerce platforms such as BestBuy.com, Walmart.com, Amazon, Shein, Newegg and Mercado Libre in 2025. We have been actively expanding
our presence in the digital marketplace and expect to increase our sales through a variety of leading E-Commerce channels. We believe
this approach not only broadens our reach but also caters to the preferences of digital consumers, offering them convenient access to
our telecommunications solutions. By integrating into various sales channels, both indirect and digital, we are committed to providing
high-quality products to a wide audience, driving our growth, and enhancing our position in the competitive electronics market. 7 Internal
Support In
order to maximize product accessibility across the United States, we have a team of dedicated internal sales staff and key sales agents
who manage a network of hundreds of customers spread across seven major regions. In addition to managing direct partnerships with these
customers, our internal sales team also collaborates with prominent telecommunications carriers, enabling our products to be available
for sale online and in the physical retail stores of these carriers. Competitive
Advantages We
stand out in the competitive communications market by leveraging its foundational advantages and core operational strategies, which encompass
a range of competitive strengths crucial for maintaining and enhancing Foxx’s market position: Geographical
Location and Market Presence We have established a comprehensive
network anchored by our key operational facilities across various strategic locations. We are headquartered in Irvine, CA, where we have
established a center that integrates sales, retail and distribution, and after-sale support services, and research and development
of customization capabilities. The Irvine office serves as the epicenter for our research and development and sales and marketing activities,
highlighting our commitment to innovation and market expansion. The Dallas, TX, and Atlanta, GA offices play instrumental roles in executing
our sales and marketing initiatives and providing essential operational support. In addition, our Singapore office serves as the epicenter
for both our supply chain management and our research and development efforts in Southeast Asia. This strategic distribution of roles
and responsibilities across our office locations allows operational efficiency and market responsiveness. We also maintain a strong
sales presence in major metropolitan areas such as Los Angeles, CA, Dallas, TX, and New York, NY.  These strategic locations
are carefully selected to maximize our market penetration and facilitate direct engagement with our diverse customer base. Through this
geographically diverse presence, we offer comprehensive after-sales services and tailored solutions, thereby reinforcing our commitment
to customer satisfaction and technological leadership in the electronics industry. Experienced
Management Team Our
leadership team has decades of combined experience across various aspects of the communications sector, with more than 20 years
of experience in major domestic and overseas electronics companies, having held leadership and management roles. Mr. Greg Foley,
our Chief Executive Officer, has more than 25 years of experience in leading the sales and marketing of electronic products. Mr. James
Liao, our Chief Technology Officer, has a background in electrical engineering and has been leading product innovation and development
projects for more than 25 years. Mr. Haitao Cui, our Director and Executive Vice President, also has a background in electrical
and engineering automation and over 25 years of experience in sales and marketing of electronics. Our experienced team comprehensively
understands market dynamics, consumer demands, and technological trends. We rely on their insights and strategic decision-making to
effectively navigate the complex market and to adapt and grow amidst constantly changing industry conditions. 8 Build-to-Order
Business Model We
manage our inventory and meet market demand through our build-to-order business model. Our sales begin with receiving bulk purchase
orders with general product designs, specifications, and budgets from our customers, who are third-party distributors specializing
in selling mobile phones and tablets to end-users through sales channels. We then provide our customers advice on adjustments and
customize the products to secure the desired performance within their budget. Once the product specification is determined, we work with
suppliers to build customized products that meet such our customers’ expectations. Over time, by listening to the demands and specifications
of our customers, we have been able to deliver high-quality, high-performance products that our customer trust and value. Our business
model allows us to effectively manage inventory costs and mitigate risks associated with changes in customer demand. We secure steady
revenue from bulk purchase orders placed by the customers. The
orders we receive from customers provide us with a great opportunity to understand market trends and customer demand. Direct relationships
with our customers give us an advantage in observing the changes in market demands. As a result, we can develop new models based on our
understanding of the market. After establishing a market presence through our customers, we can further diversify our revenue and profit
streams. We take our own Foxx-branded products as an initiative to innovate. Our growth strategy involves reaching more end-users through
maintaining the relationship with current customers and cultivating relationship with new customers. We aim to optimize the balance of
liquidity, profitability, and growth with a focus on increasing the mix of our product portfolio to higher-margin products and recurring
revenue streams. Research
and Development/Innovation Capability We
have strong competitive advantages in our product design and innovation capabilities. Moreover, we have resources that allow us to outsource
customized research and development capabilities as needed, thereby gaining additional insights into the market and developing more robust
product design and customization standards. Our innovative product planning keeps us at the forefront of technological trends, ensuring
that the company remains as the forerunner in introducing novel and high-performance products to the market. Supply
Chain Management We
have efficiently managed our supply chain through diversification of sources, strategic partnerships, optimized logistics, and efficient
inventory management, all of which have contributed to our current success. We have cultivated strong relationships with multiple suppliers
in Indonesia and Southeast Asian countries. This capability enables the company to maintain a balance between supply and demand, reduce
operational costs, and promptly respond to market changes, thereby enhancing competitiveness and customer satisfaction. Quality
Control Quality
is the cornerstone of our value proposition. We implement strict quality control measures at every stage of the manufacturing process
in our original equipment manufacturer factories, from material procurement to manufacturing processes and final product testing. Our
commitment to quality ensures that all our products meet the highest reliability and performance standards, fostering trust and loyalty
among customers and setting us apart from our competitors. These competitive advantages
contribute to our success and resilience in the market. The combination of experienced leadership, innovation, efficient supply chain
management, and stringent quality control positions us as a leader in the communication section. This enables us to deliver exceptional
value to customers and stakeholders alike. Growth
Strategies with IoT Cloud Platform Our
IoT Cloud Platform We have developed a cloud
platform that connects all our devices to a secure central server, creating a unified ecosystem. The platform brings significant
benefits, particularly in systematized upgrades, more efficient IoT operations, improved human-machine interactions, enhanced data
analytics, and smarter decision-making. The
cloud platform is able to streamline the upgrade process for our devices. Centralized cloud server management allows for efficient updates,
patches, and new features across our product line, ensuring devices remain up to date with the latest advancements and security measures,
significantly enhancing performance and customer satisfaction. We
prioritize data security and reliability in designing and developing the platform because we understand that the reliability of our cloud
infrastructure is the foundation for continuous service, trust, and confidence among customers. To achieve this, we plan to establish
our centralized server in Irvine, CA for secured data storage and management. 9 The
platform facilitates comprehensive data analytics and insights, allowing users to gain valuable insights into their personal information
and habits from connected device data. These insights enable informed decisions, efficient operations, personalized experiences, and
customized solutions based on individual behavior and preferences. Our
cloud platform is designed to offer the following functionalities: ● Firmware-over-the-air (FOTA)
    software upgrade. ● Launch new software releases. ● Device and sensors management. ● SIM cards activation, provisioning
    and management. ● Data usage monitoring,
    reporting and billing management. ● Using Application Programming
    Interfaces (API) & Software Development Kit (SDK) to integrate many device types and IoT protocols. ● Enable both “upward”
    integration with existing cloud service providers (e.g. Amazon Web Services (AWS)) and “downward” integration with 3 rd party
    application for various IoT verticals (e.g., smart home, healthcare, smart building, etc.). ● IoT data management &
    analytics using artificial intelligence (AI) or machine learning (ML) algorithms. ● Storing data from production
    processes locally to prevent security breaches. ● Data security, firewall,
    cyberattack alert and prevention, data backup. ● Provide IoT standard —
    MATTER certification (in plan). ● 24x7 technical support. This open platform allows
compatibility and interoperability with a wide range of device types, IoT protocols, and ecosystems. It not only serves as a device management
platform for Foxx’s own communication terminals (such as smartphones, tablets, and IoT sensors) but also offers software development
kits and application programming interfaces to other device manufacturers and third-party application developers. This design allows
third-party devices and apps to integrate with our cloud platform seamlessly. Additionally, our infrastructure is designed to interact
with multiple cloud providers, including Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, and Microsoft Azure. We believe that our unique model,
which combines IoT modules, devices, data, the cloud platform, and services, positions us to deliver comprehensive end-to-end IoT
solutions to our customers. We launched the first generation of our IoT cloud platform in the third
calendar quarter of 2024. We allocated time and resources since the first calendar quarter of 2024 to finalize the design and setup of
the cloud platform that integrates with the AWS system. The first generation of our IoT cloud platform leverages AWS cloud services and
AWS IoT Core services in addition to the customized development by us to provide device management, user management, data management
and security management functions. 10 We developed a second generation
of our IoT cloud platform, driven by the vision of a much more inclusive and smarter IoT platform that is compatible with all our devices
and potentially products from other brands. This platform integrates more advanced technologies researched and developed by Foxx, with
the potential scalability to connect tens of millions of devices. This platform was launched to the market in the fourth calendar quarter
of 2024. Our second generation IoT cloud platform involves a full IoT PaaS with the fundamental capabilities of device management,
control and status management, user management, access and permission, and physical model management. It supports comprehensive and modern
IoT communication protocols. In addition, the second generation IoT platform has full IoT SaaS capabilities with openness and flexibilities
of integrating with different IoT verticals, which enables developing customized and compatible services on multiple protocols module,
vertical module, Edge module, mobile devices module, and online customized module. It will also provide front-end apps (Android/iOS
mobile apps) to the end-users to manage and monitor their IoT devices, and offer multi-tenants services including data, notification,
alert, subscription, visualization, and devices interoperable services. Smart
Home Solutions Our Smart Home Solutions can be divided into three categories: Home
Security, Home Safety, and Home Care. “Leak Shield”, the smart water leak detector, was the first “Home Safety”
product we launched. In the “Home Security” category, we have been developing a solar-powered 4G LTE outdoor security camera
and plan to launch this product in the fourth calendar quarter of 2025. To achieve the goal of offering reliable and eco-friendly surveillance
solutions, Foxx has incorporated the following features into this product: 1) These cameras can operate independently of traditional power
sources, making them ideal for remote areas like cabins, farms, or construction sites; 2) With the ability to connect to both Wi-Fi and
4G LTE, these cameras offer flexibility in placement and connectivity options; and 3) The integration of 4G connectivity allows for real-time
data transfer and remote access, enhancing the monitoring capabilities. Our 4G LTE outdoor security camera is expected to launch in the
market in the fourth calendar quarter of 2025. In the “Home Care” category, we plan to develop software applications that
will integrate with our wearable products. To achieve our goal of becoming
a “one-stop shop” for smart home solutions, we source products that are essential ancillary devices and components of
a full smart home management solution including Home Security, Home Safety, and Home Care from various suppliers that manufacture high-quality products.
We will integrate the appropriate modules that we will develop, using various open-source AI algorithms and technologies, into the
final products we offer. These products will be designed to allow 1) compatibility with other smart home management solutions we offer
and 2) connectivity with the rest of Foxx-branded products. IoT
in Automotive We
have been developing a 4G LTE dashcam as our first foray into the IoT in Automotive market segment. A dashcam with LTE (Long-Term Evolution)
is a type of dashboard camera that is equipped with a cellular data connection. With LTE connectivity, a dashcam can provide real-time
data transfer, allowing the users to view their dashcams’ live stream and remotely access their dashcams. Users can also benefit
from automatic cloud uploads, which makes it easy to access their footage from anywhere. Our 4G LTE dashcam is expected to be launched
in the market in the fourth calendar quarter of 2025. We
are in the process of developing a 4G LTE jump starter and a 4G LTE tracker for commercial use. Such devices with 4G connection are smart,
networked tools with advanced features like remote tracking, over-the-air (OTA) updates, and fleet management. Both products are expected
to be launched in the fourth calendar quarter of 2025. 11 IoT
Modules We
are building a portfolio of IoT modules, which are hardware or software components that enable devices to connect to the Internet and
share data with other connected devices and systems. Our portfolio includes a wide range of IoT modules, including 4G LTE Cat 1 bis,
Cat 4, Cat M, NB-IoT, 5G, 5G Redcap, 5G AI, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi modules. These modules enable the connectivity and intelligence
of IoT devices, allowing them to collect, transmit and process data, and communicate with other devices and systems. Currently, we have
completed the development and pre-production work for the LTE Cat 1 bis, Cat 4, Cat M/NB-IoT, and Bluetooth modules and will
undergo lab testing. We have launched these modules in the first calendar quarter of 2025. We have started to develop 5G modules, 5G
Redcap modules, and 5G AI modules, which may potentially launch in the first half of
2026 . Warranties
and Customer Services We
provide a one-year warranty on its products, offering after-sales service support to dealers in two ways. Dealers can opt for
direct product replacement by us, or they can choose to receive 2% after-sales service spares from Foxx. In the latter case, our
customers handle after-sales service to end-users independently after exhausting the supplied spares, without further support
from us. Competition We
believe the principal competitive factors impacting the market for our products are features and functionality, performance, quality
and brand. To maintain and improve our competitive position, we must continue to expand our user base, invest in research and development,
grow our distribution network, and leverage our strategic relationships. Our
products compete with a variety of solutions providers in different market segments. Our current competitors include: ● Smartphones and Tablets — Motorola,
    Inseego, HMD, TCL, Vortex, Tinno, BLU, Sky, Maxwest, and Hot Pepper. ● IoT Products — Netgear,
    Franklin Wireless, TCL and ZTE. As
the market for our solutions and services expands, other entrants may seek to compete with us either directly or indirectly. Intellectual
Property Trademarks Trademarks Registration
    Number Jurisdiction Registration
    Date 5,864,015 U.S. September 17,
    2019 6,205,214 U.S. November 20,
    2020 87,944,543 U.S. June 1,
    2018 12 Domain
Names Domain Registration
    Date Expiration
    Date www.foxxusa.com August 3, 2017 August 3, 2028 Patents We
do not currently have any registered patents. However, our research and development team is actively assessing our customizations, specifications,
and other technical expertise and know-how currently protected as trade secrets. We plan to file patents to safeguard our technical
expertise and innovations. Research
and Development For
the year ended June 30, 2025, our research and development expenses amounted to approximately $ 2.2
million, a significant portion directed towards the development of new products. Our
strategic allocation of spending in product research and development reflects our commitment to innovation and technological advancement
in emerging sectors. To achieve our goals in IoT product development, we have engaged, and may continue to engage, in outsourcing collaborations
with industry-leading partners, leveraging their expertise and resources to accelerate our progress and ensure the delivery of cutting-edge solutions. Employees As of the date of this report,
we had 25 full-time employees. We believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and we have not experienced
any material labor disputes. Department Number of Employees Customer Service 1 Sales and Marketing 5 Product Research and Testing 6 Information Technology 1 Human Resources and Administration 3 Finance 3 Operations 6 Total 25 Certifications For
open market products including U.S. E-Commerce sites, retail stores and distributor channels, etc., we have conducted FCC and
Google Mobile Services test and obtained corresponding certifications. 13 FCC
certification is to ensure that an eligible electronics device only produces safe levels of radio frequency (RF). For more information,
see “ Government Regulation — FCC Equipment Authorization ” below. GMS
refers to a selected array of Google proprietary applications and services that embody the company’s core values (such as Chrome,
Gmail, YouTube, Maps, PlayStore, etc.). Android devices need the GMS certification to run all the Google proprietary applications, without
which, the device will not be able to operate any of these applications. Government
Regulation FCC
Equipment Authorization In
the United States, the FCC regulates RF devices. RF devices, including components used in cell phones, routers, and other devices
we sell, are devices capable of emitting radio frequencies by radiation, conduction, or other means. An RF device being imported, marketed,
or used in the United States is subject to the equipment authorization requirements established by the FCC and cannot be imported,
marketed, or used without complying with such requirements. Equipment authorization requirements are intended to ensure that RF devices
comply with the FCC’s emissions, power level, and other technical rules. FCC
Covered List Pursuant
to the Secure and Trusted Communications Networks Act of 2019, the FCC created and maintains a list (Covered List) of telecommunications
services and equipment that pose an unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States. The FCC periodically updates
the Covered List, and companies that appear on the Covered List are subject to change based on the security determinations of the FCC
and other U.S. Federal agencies with which the FCC works. Categories of equipment made by companies, including equipment manufactured
by their subsidiaries or affiliates, on the Covered List cannot be authorized in the United States. Environmental
Matters Our
facilities and operations, in common with those of our industry in general, are not subject to domestic or international laws and regulations
designed to environmental protections. We have always been dedicated to environmental protection. With a steadfast commitment to sustainable
development, the brand prioritizes environmentally friendly materials in the composition, manufacturing processes, and design of its
products. It adopts eco-friendly manufacturing processes, showcasing innovative designs that emphasize a low carbon footprint, green
practices, and energy efficiency principles. Each product embodies our comprehensive approach, seamlessly integrating environmental values
into material selection, production techniques, and overall design philosophy. 14 ITEM
1A.

--- VENDORS ---
vendors or service providers. Investment
in technology and talent We
invest significant resources in outsourcing partnerships and dedicates efforts to research and develop new products, solutions, agent
platforms, and related services. This commitment is essential to uphold our competitiveness in the industry, especially in the realm
of IoT services. Advancing technology and enhancing capabilities are pivotal for enterprise growth, necessitating continual progress
in electronic product technologies, novel services, and expanded capabilities. To
maintain and expand our customer base, we must sustain a culture of innovation that aligns with the industry’s evolution. This
entails continuously introducing cutting-edge technologies to the market. Our current focus in research and development revolves around
bolstering comprehensive communication, storage, and energy solutions, as well as advancing 5G technology. This includes areas such as
baseband development, Radio Frequency (RF) layout optimization, Session Initiation Protocol (SIP) integration, and rigorous system testing. Our
ability to expand our products and services and diversifying customer base Currently,
our main revenue stream originates from the sale of tablets and mobile phones. As brand recognition and acceptance grow, we anticipate
a surge in user adoption of our wireless services and intelligence products. Our capacity to broaden our products portfolio, offer new
services and attract a more diversified customer base could significantly influence our future operating results. Results
of Operations Comparison
for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 For
    the Years Ended June 30, 2025 2024 Change ($) Change (%) Revenues, net $ 65,919,166 $ 3,228,559 $ 62,690,607 1,941.8 % Cost
    of goods sold 61,144,561 3,112,616 58,031,945 1,864.4 % Gross profit 4,774,605 115,943 4,658,662 4,018.1 % Operating expenses Selling
    expense 5,183,464 1,076,761 4,106,703 381.4 % General,
    and administrative expense 7,068,426 2,076,484 4,991,942 240.4 % Research
    and development – related party 136,752 91,168 45,584 50.0 % Research
    and development 2,083,897 - 2,083,897 100.0 % Loss from operations (9,697,934 ) (3,128,470 ) (6,569,464 ) 210.0 % Other income (expense), net 754,541 (282,344 ) 1,036,885 (367.2 )% Provision
    for income tax 76,743 19,828 56,915 287.0 % Net loss (9,020,136 ) (3,430,642 ) (5,589,494 ) 162.9 % Foreign
    currency translation adjustment (5,002 ) - (5,002 ) 100.0 % Comprehensive
    loss $ (9,025,138 ) $ (3,430,642 ) $ (5,594,496 ) 163.1 % 22 Revenues Our
revenue primarily derived from sales of electronic products. The total revenues increased by approximately $62.7 million, or
1,941.8%, to approximately $65.9 million for the year ended June 30, 2025 as compared to $3.2 million for the year ended June
30, 2024. The increase of the total revenue was mainly attributable to the sales from three new major wholesale customers who
aggregately accounted for 76% of our sales and launching of a new line of products, which is the wearable electronic products, and
new services. Our
revenues from our revenue categories are summarized as follows: For the Years Ended June 30, 2025 June 30, 2024 Tablet products $ 509,843 $ 660,787 Mobile phone products 59,696,955 2,567,772 Wearable products and others 3,444,077 - Subtotal product revenues 63,650,875 3,228,559 App service commission revenue, net 2,166,477 - Other services 101,814 - Subtotal service revenues 2,268,291 - Total revenues, net $ 65,919,166 $ 3,228,559 Revenue
from the sales of tablet products decreased by approximately $0.2 million, or 22.8%, to approximately $0.5 million for the year ended June
30, 2025, from $0.7 for the year ended June 30, 2024. Revenue from sales of mobile phone products, which accounted for 91% of total revenue, increased by
approximately $57.1 million, or 2,224.9%, to approximately $59.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2025 from $2.6 million for
the year ended June 30, 2024, primarily because we rolled out some new phone products beginning in January 2024 and the sales to our two new major
wholesale customers  accounted for 50% of our sales in aggregate. Revenue from sales of wearable products and others, which was
new for the year ended June 30, 2025, increased by approximately $3.4 million, or 100.0%, to approximately $3.4 million for the
year ended June 30, 2025 from $0 for year ended June 30, 2024, as we rolled out some new wearable products beginning in October 2024.
Revenue from App service commission increased by approximately $2.2 million, or 100.0%, to approximately $2.2
million for the year ended June 30, 2025 from $0 for the year ended June 30, 2024, as we started to generate income by providing
installation of App service to our partners on our mobile devices and procure the distribution of these devices to the end users
beginning in July 2024. Revenue from other services increased by approximately $0.1 million,
or 100.0%, to approximately $0.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2025 from $0 for the year ended June 30, 2024, as we started to generate
income by providing other logistic and warehouse management services in April 2025. Cost
of Goods Sold Our
cost of goods sold mainly consisted of cost of merchandise and freight. Total cost of goods sold increased by approximately
$58.0 million, or 1,864.4%, to approximately $61.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2025 as compared to $3.1 million
for the year ended June 30, 2024. The increase in cost of goods sold is a direct result of an increase in our revenue, which is
consistent with the acquisition of our three new major wholesale customers and new product line as discussed above for the year
ended June 30, 2025. Our
cost of goods sold from their revenue categories are summarized as follows: For
    the Years Ended June
    30, 2025 June
    30, 2024 Tablet products $ 437,903 $ 505,832 Mobile phone products 57,618,133 2,606,784 Wearable products 3,040,588 - Other
    services cost 47,937 - Total
    cost of goods sold $ 61,144,561 $ 3,112,616 Our
cost of goods sold for tablets decreased by approximately $0.1 million, or 13.4%, to approximately $0.4 million for the year ended June
30, 2025 from $0.5 for the same period in 2024. Cost of goods sold for mobile phone products increased by approximately $55.0 million,
or 2,110.3%, to approximately $57.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2025 from $2.6 million for the same period in 2024, which
is consistent with the direct result of an increase in revenue from sales of mobile phone products. Cost of goods sold for wearable products and others increased by
approximately $3.0 million, or 100.0%, to approximately $3.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2025 from $0 for the same period
in 2024, which is also the direct result of an increase in our revenue as we rolled out some new wearable products beginning in October
2024. Cost of goods sold for other services  increased by approximately $48,000, or 100.0% to approximately $48,000 for the year ended June 30, 2025 from
$0 for the same period in 2024, which is also the direct result of an increase in our other revenue as we started to generate income
by providing other services during the year ended June 30, 2025. 23 Gross
Profit Our
gross profit increased by approximately $4.7 million, or 4,018.1%, to approximately $4.8 million for the year ended June 30,
2025, from approximately $0.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2024. Our
gross profit from their major revenue categories is summarized as follows: For
    the Years Ended June 30, 2025 2024 Change Change (%) Tablet
    products Gross profit $ 71,940 $ 154,955 $ (83,015 ) (53.6 )% Gross profit percentage 14.1 % 23.5 % (9.3 )% Mobile
    phone products Gross profit $ 2,078,822 $ (39,012 ) $ 2,117,834 (5,428.7 )% Gross profit percentage 3.5 % (1.5 )% 5.0 % Wearable
    products and others Gross profit $ 403,489 $ - $ 403,489 100.0 % Gross profit percentage 11.7 % - 11.7 % App
service commission revenue Gross profit $ 2,166,477 $ - $ 2,166,477 100.0 % Gross profit percentage 100.0 % - 100.0 % Other services Gross profit $ 53,877 $ - $ 53,877 100.0 % Gross profit percentage 52.9 % - 100.0 % Total Gross profit $ 4,774,605 $ 115,943 $ 4,658,662 4,018.1 % Gross profit percentage 7.2 % 3.6 % 3.7 % For
the year ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, our overall gross profit percentage was 7.2% and 3.6%, respectively. The increase in gross
profit percentage of 3.7% was primarily due to the increases in gross profit percentage for mobile phone products, wearable products and
others and app service commission revenue and others. Gross
profit percentage of tablets dropped from 23.5% to 14.1% from the year ended June 30, 2024 to the same period in 2025. This was primarily
due the decrease of sales of those with higher unit selling prices and lower unit purchase prices. Gross
profit (loss) percentage for mobile phones increased from (1.5)% to 3.5% for the year ended June 30, 2024, to the same period in
2025. This was primarily due to the increasing sales of new phone models with higher gross profit margins. For
the year ended June 30, 2025, our gross profit percentage of wearable products was 11.7%. We did not have this kind of products for the
year ended June 30, 2024. For
the year ended June 30, 2025, our gross profit percentage of App service commission and others was 100.0%. This high margin was primarily
attributable to the nature of App service commission revenue, which was commission based revenue that was earned at a point in time when
the revenue is generated from the App, that is when clicks and/or impressions, activation of Apps, and installation of additional Apps
occur at a point in time when the end users of the mobile devices interact with those Apps. We earned the App revenue share (service
commission) from our partners without incurring any direct cost, as the pre-installation expenses were included in the research and development
expenses prior to installation, and any labor costs with minimal time spent were immaterial to be allocated to cost of revenue. We did
not have this kind of service for the year ended June 30, 2024. For
the year ended June 30, 2025, our gross profit percentage of other services was 52.9%. We did not have the other logistic and warehouse
management services for the year ended June 30, 2024. 24 Operating
Expenses Total
operating expenses increased by approximately $11.3 million, or 346.1%, to approximately $14.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2025
from approximately $3.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2024. Our
operating expenses are summarized as follows: For
    the Years ended June 30, 2025 2024 Change ($) Change (%) Operating
    expenses Selling
    expenses $ 5,183,464 $ 1,076,761 $ 4,106,703 381.4 % General
    and administrative expense 7,068,426 2,076,484 4,991,942 240.4 % Research
    and development – related party 136,752 91,168 45,584 50.0 % Research
    and development 2,083,897 - 2,083,897 100.0 % Total
    operating expense $ 14,472,539 $ 3,244,413 $ 11,228,126 346.1 % The
increase in operating expense was mainly attributed to the following: Selling
Expenses Selling expenses increased approximately $4.1 million, or 381.4%,
to approximately $5.2 million for the year ended June 30, 2025, from approximately $1.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2024.
The increased selling expenses was mainly attributable to (i) approximately $2.0 million increase in commission, payroll and payroll related
expense as we recruited and hired more salespersons to our team during the year ended June 30, 2025, (ii) approximately $0.9 million increase
in consulting fees, as the Company engaged additional sales consultant to enhance our sales efforts, (iii) approximately $0.4 million
increase in sampling, testing and certification expenses, (iv) approximately $0.2 million increase in stock-based compensation as we granted
restricted stock units in November 2024 to our sales team members under the Incentive Plan, (v) approximately $0.3 million increase in
warranty expenses which is in line with sales growth, and (vi) approximately $0.3 million increase advertising and marketing, which all
directly related with boosting the brand awareness, adding new product models, and attracting more business opportunities in the electronic
devices market during the year ended June 30, 2025. General
and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses increased approximately $5.0 million,
or 240.4%, to approximately $7.1 million for the year ended June 30, 2025 from approximately $2.1 million for the year ended June
30, 2024. The increased general and administrative expense were mainly attributable to (i) the approximately $1.3 million increase in
professional expense on audit, legal and accounting fees as we became a public company, (ii) approximately $1.2 million increase
in salary and wages as we made more new hires during the year ended June 30, 2025, (iii) approximately $0.9 million increase in credit
losses due to the increasing risk of uncollectable accounts from a few of our customers, (iv) approximately $0.4 million increase in stock-based
compensation as we granted restricted stock units in November 2024 to our management team members under the Incentive Plan, and (v) approximately
$1.2 million increase in other general and administrative miscellaneous expenses, such as insurance, rent expense, travel expense,
and office expense due to increased expenses in the increased of our operations. We anticipate a continued rise in our G&A as we persist
in executing our business expansion plan and integrating IoT-enabled devices alongside our cloud platform to streamline operations in
2026. Research
and Development — related party Research
and development (“R&D”) expenses from a related party increased by approximately $46,000, or 50.0%, where the increase
was primarily due to an R&D project began in 2024. During the year ended June 30, 2024, a related party completed 40% of the remaining
5G development project pursuant to an R&D agreement between us and the related party, and we recognized an R&D expense approximately
of $91,000 accordingly based on the progression of the R&D project. During the year ended June 30, 2025, the related party completed
the remaining 5G development project, and we recognized a R&D expense of approximately $137,000. Research
and Development R&D
expenses increased by approximately $2.1 million, or 100.0%, from $0 for the year ended June 30, 2024 to $2.1 million for the same
period in 2025. The increase is due to hiring of more employees and engaging third parties to provide development services for new
products during the year ended June 30, 2025. The increase is also attributable to approximately $0.1 million increase in
stock-based compensation as we granted restricted stock units in November 2024 to our R&D team members under the Incentive Plan. 25 Other
Income (Expense), Net Our
other expense, net is summarized as follows: For
    the Years ended June 30, 2025 2024 Change Change (%) Other income
    (expense) Interest
    expense $ ( 4,959,055 ) $ (278,328 ) $ (4,680,727 ) 1,681.7 % Other
    income (expense), net 25,589 (4,016 ) 29,605 (737.2 )% Change
    in fair value of earnout liabilities 5,688,007 - 5,688,007 100.0 % Total
    other income (expense), net $ 754,541 $ (282,344 ) $ 1,036,885 (367.2 )% Total
other income (expense), net increased by approximately $1.0 million, or 367.2%, to approximately $0.8 million of other income for the
year ended June 30, 2025, from approximately $0.3 million of other expenses for the year ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily
due to approximately $5.7 million of the change in fair value of earnout liabilities in connection with the Business Combination and
offset by the increase in interest expenses of approximately $4.7 million incurred related to the financing offered by our vendors based
upon the timing of our payment to their accounts payable. Provision
for Income Taxes The
provision for income taxes was approximately $77,000 and $20,000 for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, which
increased by $57,000 or 287.0% as we had non-deductible change in fair value of earnout liabilities of approximately 5.7 million and
capitalized R&D expenses of approximately $2.1 million during the year ended June 30, 2025. Net
Loss Net
loss increased by approximately $5.6 million, or 162.9%, to approximately $9.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2025, from approximately
$3.4 million for the year ended June 30, 2024. Such change was mainly due to the reasons discussed above. Foreign
Currency Translation Adjustment Changes
in foreign currency translation adjustment of approximately $5,000 are mainly due to the fluctuation of foreign exchange rates between
SGD (the functional currency of one of our subsidiaries) and the USD dollar (reporting currency) for the year ended June 30, 2025. Liquidity
and Capital Resources In
assessing liquidity, we monitor and analyses cash on-hand and operating and capital expenditure commitments. Our liquidity needs are
to meet working capital requirements, operating expenses, and capital expenditure obligations. Debt financing in the form of convertible
promissory note and cash generated from operations have been utilized to finance working capital requirements. As
of June 30, 2025, we had cash and cash equivalents of approximately $1.9 million, while we had accumulated deficit of approximately
$20.0 million. During the year ended June 30, 2025, we had net loss of approximately $9.0 million and net operating cash outflow
of approximately $6.6 million. If
we are unable to generate sufficient funds to finance the working capital requirements within the normal operating cycle of a twelve-month
period from the date of the consolidated financial statements are issued, we may have to consider supplementing our available sources
of funds through the following sources: ● Other available sources
    of financing from banks, other financial institutions or private lenders; ● Financial support and credit
    guarantee commitments from our related parties; and ● Equity financing. 26 Our
management has determined that the factors discussed above have raised substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern
within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. The consolidated financial statements have been
prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of this uncertainty. The
following summarizes the key components of cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2025 and 2024. For
    the Years Ended June 30, 2025 2024 Net
    cash used in operating activities $ (6,560,121 ) $ (4,680,079 ) Net
    cash used in investing activities (40,236 ) (8,743 ) Net
    cash provided by financing activities 7,890,820 3,451,421 Effect
    of exchange rate changes (2,458 ) - Net
    change in cash and cash equivalents $ 1,288,005 $ (1,237,401 ) Operating
Activities Net cash used in operating activities was approximately $6.6 million
for the year ended June 30, 2025 and was primarily attributable to (i) approximately $9.0 million in net loss, (ii) approximately
$10.9 million increase in inventories because we stored more inventories to meet the demand of our anticipated sales orders, (iii) approximately
$7.1 million increase in accounts receivable due to the increase of credit sales during the period, (iv) non-cash expenses of
approximately $5.7 million, which primarily attributed to the change in fair value of earnout liabilities, (v) approximately $2.0
million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets due to our prepaid rent payment in connection with our factory and warehouse
leases to be commenced in July 2025, (vi) approximately $1.1 million increase in security deposit because we rented more office,
factory and warehouse space which were commenced in July 2025, (vii) approximately $0.2 million decrease in tax payable of ACAC due
to the payment of income tax carried from ACAC after the Business Combination, and (viii) approximately $0.6 million decrease in contract
liabilities due to purchase of more inventories with vendors to meet customer demand. The cash outflow was offset by (i) approximately
$24.8 million increase in accounts payable due to purchase of more inventories with vendors to meet customer demand, (ii) approximately
$2.4 million increase in other payables and accrued liabilities mainly due to accrued professional fees that associated with business
expansion, such as consulting fees, testing fees and legal fees, (iii) approximately $1.2 million decrease in contract assets due to purchase
of more inventories with vendors to meet customer demand, (iv) approximately $0.8 million increase in non-cash stock compensation due
to restricted stock units granted to our employees, consultants and independent director under the Incentive Plan, and (v) approximately
$0.9 million provision for credit losses due to the increasing risk of uncollectable accounts from a few of our customers. Net cash used in operating
activities was approximately $4.7 million for the year ended June 30, 2024 and was primarily attributable to (i) approximately $3.4 million
net loss, (ii) approximately $0.3 million increasd in accounts receivable due to provision of credit term to our new customers during
the year, (iii) approximately $1.7 million increase in contract assets due to engagement with new vendors which required purchase deposits
to secure relevant transactions, (iv) approximately $1.8 million increase in inventories due to change in our business strategy where
we rented warehouse in the U.S. to store our inventories, (v) approximately $63,000 increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets,
and security deposit, (vi) approximately $33,000 in payment of operating lease liability, and (vii) approximately $16,000 decrease in
income taxes payable. The cash outflow was offset by (i) non-cash expenses of approximately $0.3 million, which includes depreciation,
accrued interest expenses from incurred from convertible notes, and amortization of operating right-of-use assets, (ii) approximately
$1.4 million increase in accounts payable due to purchase of more inventories with vendors to meet customer demand, (iii) approximately
$0.6 million increase in contract liabilities due to a higher number of sales orders that had not yet been fulfilled but with advance
payments made by customers to us to reserve products, and (iv) approximately $0.2 million increase in other payables and accrued liabilities
mainly due to accrued professional fees that associated with business expansion, such as consulting fees, testing fees and legal fees. Investing
Activities Net cash used in
investing activities was approximately $40,000 for the year ended June 30, 2025, attributable to approximately $68,000 purchase of
some equipment for our warehouse uses and an automobile for our business uses, and offset by approximately $28,000 proceeds from
sale of the automobile. Net
cash used in investing activities was approximately $9,000 for the year ended June 30, 2024 attributable to the purchase of office equipment
and furniture. Financing
Activities Net cash provided by financing activities was approximately $7.9 million
for the year ended June 30, 2025, mainly attributable to (i) approximately $19.7 million of proceeds from the reverse recapitalization,
(ii) $9.0 million of proceeds from issuance of convertible promissory notes, and (iii) approximately $0.1 million of proceeds from
issuance of common stock through exercise of warrant, offset by the payment of redeeming shareholders in connection with the Business
Combination of approximately $20.5 million, the repayment of short-term loans of approximately $0.3 million and approximately $0.1 million
in payments of deferred transaction costs. 27 Net
cash provided by financing activities was approximately $3.5 million for the year ended June 30, 2024, mainly attributable to $4.0
million of proceeds from issuance of convertible promissory notes to New Bay in November 2023 and March 2024, offset by
approximately $0.4 million in payments of deferred offering costs, the repayment of related party loans of approximately $0.1
million, and the principal payments of long-term loan of approximately $16,000. Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements As
of June 30, 2025, we had no significant off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future
effect on our financial condition, changes in our financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that are material to our members. Critical
Accounting Estimate The
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of
these consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts
of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Estimates are based on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the
basis of making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. We have
identified certain accounting estimates that are critical to the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Certain accounting
estimates are particularly sensitive because of their significance to the consolidated financial statements and because of the possibility
that future events affecting the estimate may differ significantly from management’s current judgments. We believe that the critical
accounting estimates, assumptions, and judgments that have the most significant impact on our consolidated financial statements are described
below. Income
Taxes We
record deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the net tax effects of tax credits, operating loss carryforwards, and temporary differences
between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes compared to the amounts used for income tax purposes.
We regularly review our deferred tax assets for recoverability with consideration for such factors as historical losses, projected future
taxable income, and the expected timing of the reversals of existing temporary differences. A valuation allowance is recorded when it
is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. Management believes the deferred tax
assets, based largely on the history of tax losses, warrant a full valuation allowance based on the weight of available negative evidence.
Currently, the key factor on our assumption of providing 100% valuation allowance was purely based on our historical operating losses.
Once we began generating profit, we will re-evaluate whether providing 100% valuation allowance is appropriate or if we can reassess
such number. Earnout
Liabilities At
the Closing, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the Original Foxx Shareholders were entitled to
receive up to a total of 4,200,000 contingent earnout shares (“Earnout Shares”) in the form of our common stock.
The Earnout Shares will be issued upon certain vesting schedules based on our financial performance for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2024 and 2025. The Earnout Shares were classified as a liability at the Closing on September 26, 2024 and
measured at fair value at each reporting period, with changes in fair value included in the consolidated statements of operations. When
determining the fair value measurements for earnout liabilities which are required to be recorded at fair value, the Company considers
the principal or most advantageous market in which the Company would transact and the market-based risk measurements or assumptions that
market participants would use in pricing the earnout liabilities arising from the Business Combination. The
Company developed a Monte Carlo Model that values the earnout subject revenue milestones. The Monte Carlo Model technique applied generates
many possible (but random) price paths for the underlying(s) via simulation and then calculates the associated payment value of the security
features. The price of the underlying common stock is modeled such that it follows a geometric Brownian motion with constant drift, and
constant volatility. The stock price is determined by a random sampling from a normal distribution. Since the underlying random process
is the same, for enough price paths, the value of security is derived from path dependent scenarios and outcomes. The
model simulates the underlying economic factors, including the projected revenue that influenced which of these events would occur, when
they were likely to occur, and the specific terms that would be in effect at the time (i.e., stock price, revenue, etc.). Probabilities
were assigned to each variable such as the timing and pricing of events over the term of the instruments based on management projections.
This led to a cash flow simulation over the life of the instrument. A discounted cash flow was completed to determine the value for the
earnout liabilities. Prior
to the Business Combination, we were a private company and lacked company-specific historical and implied volatility information of its
stock, and as such, the expected revenue volatility was based on historical volatility of industry outlook and the expected revenue volatility
and stock volatility was based on the historical volatility of publicly traded peer companies for a term equal to the remaining expected
term of the earnout period. ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As
a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. 28 ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Report of CBIZ CPAs P.C., Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID: 199 ) F-2 Report of Marcum LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID: 688) F-3 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Deficit for the Years Ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 F-6 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 F-7 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-8 F- 1 Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Foxx Development Holdings Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of Foxx Development Holdings Inc. (the “Company”) as of June 30, 2025, the related consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders’ deficit and cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2025 and the related
notes (collectively referred to as the “financial statements”). In our opinion, based on our audit, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of June 30, 2025, and the results of its operations
and its cash flows for the year ended June 30, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
of America. Retrospective Application of a Change in Accounting
Principle We also have audited the adjustments to the 2024
financial statements to retrospectively apply the change in accounting due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Update 2023-07, Segment
Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (ASU 2023-07), as described in Note 3. In our opinion, such
adjustments are appropriate and have been properly applied. We were not engaged to audit, review, or apply any procedures to the 2024
financial statements of the Company other than with respect to the adjustments and, accordingly, we do not express an opinion or any other
form of assurance on the 2024 financial statements taken as a whole. Explanatory Paragraph – Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company has a significant
working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its
operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ CBIZ CPAs P.C. CBIZ CPAs P.C. We have served as the Company’s auditor
since 2023 (such date takes into account the acquisition of the attest business of Marcum LLP by CBIZ CPAs P.C. effective November 1,
2024). San Jose, CA October 14, 2025 F- 2 Report of Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of Foxx Development Holdings Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited, before the effects of the
adjustments to retrospectively apply the change in accounting described in Note 3, the consolidated balance sheet of Foxx
Development Holdings Inc. (the “Company” and formerly known as Foxx Development Inc.) as of June 30, 2024, and the
related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in stockholders’ deficit, and cash flows for the
year then ended and the related notes (the 2024 financial statements before the effects of the adjustments discussed in Note 3 are
not presented herein). In our opinion, the 2024 financial statements, before the effects of the adjustments to retrospectively apply
the changes in accounting described in Note 3, present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of
June 30, 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting
principles generally accepted in the United States of America. We were not engaged to audit, review, or
apply any procedures to the adjustments to retrospectively apply the changes in accounting described in Note 3 and, accordingly, we
do not express an opinion or any other form of assurance about whether such adjustments are appropriate and have been properly
applied. Those procedures were audited by CBIZ CPAs P.C.. Explanatory Paragraph – Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements
have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 2, the Company has a significant
working capital deficiency, has incurred significant losses and needs to raise additional funds to meet its obligations and sustain its
operations. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in
regard to these matters are also described in Note 2. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audit. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged
to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. /S/ MARCUM LLP MARCUM LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor
from 2023 through 2025. San Jose, CA October 24, 2024 F- 3 FOXX
DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS June 30, June 30, 2025 2024 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash $ 1,875,453 $ 587,448 Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of $ 595,907 and $ 0 as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively 6,786,792 251,894 Inventories 12,686,739 1,768,072 Contract
    assets 454,842 1,682,289 Prepaid expenses and other receivables, net of allowance for credit losses of $ 317,282 and $ 0 as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively 1,837,812 44,116 Prepaid
    expenses - related party 8,000 - Due
    from a related party - 140 Total
    Current Assets 23,649,638 4,333,959 PROPERTY
    AND EQUIPMENT, NET 131,722 142,619 NON-CURRENT ASSETS Operating
    right-of-use assets 1,063,438 405,758 Deferred
    transaction costs - 462,177 Security
    deposits 1,155,016 29,909 Total
    Non-current Assets 2,218,454 897,844 Total
    Assets $ 25,999,814 $ 5,374,422 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS'
    DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts
    payable $ 26,244,987 $ 1,396,860 Other
    payables and accrued liabilities 3,570,959 468,225 Other
    payable - related parties 272,917 51,168 Contract
    liabilities 378 649,450 Income
    taxes payable 76,743 - Short-term
    loans - 291,208 Current
    maturity of long-term loan 23,743 19,539 Operating
    lease liabilities - current 211,525 72,531 Convertible
    promissory notes - 6,000,000 Total
    Current Liabilities 30,401,252 8,948,981 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES Operating
    lease liabilities - non-current 889,827 332,435 Long-term
    loan - non-current 73,418 95,442 Total
    Non-current Liabilities 963,245 427,877 Total
    Liabilities 31,364,497 9,376,858 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
    (See Note 20) SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT Common stock, $ 0.0001 par value, 50,000,000 and 6,606,664 shares authorized as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively; 6,780,597 and 3,303,333 shares issued and outstanding as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively 678 330 * Additional
    paid-in capital 14,686,705 7,024,162 Accumulated
    deficit ( 20,047,064 ) ( 11,026,928 ) Accumulated
    other comprehensive loss ( 5,002 ) - Total
    Shareholders' Deficit ( 5,364,683 ) ( 4,002,436 ) Total
    Liabilities and Shareholders' Deficit $ 25,999,814 $ 5,374,422 * Giving retroactive effect to reverse recapitalization effected on September 26, 2024 to reflect exchange ratio of approximately 3.3033 as described in Note 4. The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 4 FOXX
DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS For
    the Years Ended June
    30, June
    30, 2025 2024 REVENUES,
    NET $ 65,919,166 $ 3,228,559 COST OF GOODS
    SOLD 61,144,561 3,112,616 GROSS PROFIT 4,774,605 115,943 OPERATING EXPENSES: Selling
    expenses 5,183,464 1,076,761 General
    and administrative expenses 7,068,426 2,076,484 Research
    and development - related party 136,752 91,168 Research
    and development 2,083,897 - Total
    Operating Expenses 14,472,539 3,244,413 LOSS FROM OPERATIONS ( 9,697,934 ) ( 3,128,470 ) OTHER INCOME
    (EXPENSE) Interest
    expense ( 4,959,055 ) ( 278,328 ) Other
    income (expense), net 25,589 ( 4,016 ) Change
    in fair value of earnout liabilities 5,688,007 - Total
    Other Income (Expense), net 754,541 ( 282,344 ) LOSS BFORE INCOME
    TAXES ( 8,943,393 ) ( 3,410,814 ) PROVISION FOR
    INCOME TAXES 76,743 19,828 NET LOSS ( 9,020,136 ) ( 3,430,642 ) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
    LOSS Foreign
    currency translation adjustment ( 5,002 ) - COMPREHENSIVE
    LOSS $ ( 9,025,138 ) $ ( 3,430,642 ) WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF ORDINARY
    SHARES* Basic 6,148,467 3,303,333 Diluted 6,148,467 3,303,333 LOSS PER SHARE Basic $ ( 1.47 ) $ ( 1.04 ) Diluted $ ( 1.47 ) $ ( 1.04 ) * Giving retroactive effect to reverse recapitalization effected on September 26, 2024 to reflect exchange ratio of approximately 3.3033 as described in Note 4. The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 5 FOXX
DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGE IN SHAREHOLDERS' DEFICIT Additional Accumulated
    other Common
    stock paid-in Accumulated comprehensive Shares* Amount capital deficit loss Total BALANCE,
    June 30, 2023 3,303,333 $ 330 $ 7,024,162 $ ( 7,596,286 ) $ - $ ( 571,794 ) Net
    loss - - - ( 3,430,642 ) - ( 3,430,642 ) BALANCE, June
    30, 2024 3,303,333 330 7,024,162 ( 11,026,928 ) - ( 4,002,436 ) Conversion
    of convertible promissory notes into common stock upon completion of reverse recapitalization 1,696,668 170 15,408,515 - - 15,408,685 Issuance
    of common stock upon completion of reverse recapitalization 2,270,096 227 ( 2,100,865 ) - - ( 2,100,638 ) Earnout
    liabilities - - ( 5,688,007 ) - - ( 5,688,007 ) Transaction
    costs - - ( 893,577 ) - - ( 893,577 ) Issuance
    of common stock through exercise of warrants 10,500 1 120,749 - - 120,750 Cancellation
    of common stock held in escrow ( 500,000 ) ( 50 ) 50 - - - Stock-based
    compensation expenses - - 815,678 - - 815,678 Foreign
    currency translation - - - - ( 5,002 ) ( 5,002 ) Net
    loss - - - ( 9,020,136 ) - ( 9,020,136 ) BALANCE, June
    30, 2025 6,780,597 $ 678 $ 14,686,705 $ ( 20,047,064 ) $ ( 5,002 ) $ ( 5,364,683 ) * Giving retroactive effect to reverse recapitalization effected on September 26, 2024 to reflect exchange ratio of approximately 3.3033 as described in Note 4. The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 6 FOXX
DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For
    the Years Ended June
    30, June
    30, 2025 2024 CASH
    FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net
    loss $ ( 9,020,136 ) $ ( 3,430,642 ) Adjustments
    to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation 47,732 39,783 Interest
    expense from convertible promissory notes 140,740 264,445 Amortization
    of operating right of use assets 214,313 32,468 Provision
    for credit losses 913,190 - Stock-based
    compensation expenses 815,678 - Change
    in fair value of earnout liabilities ( 5,688,007 ) - Loss
    on sale of equipment 3,400 - Change
    in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts
    receivable ( 7,130,805 ) ( 251,894 ) Inventories ( 10,918,667 ) ( 1,768,072 ) Contract
    assets 1,227,448 ( 1,682,289 ) Prepaid
    expenses and other current assets ( 2,028,619 ) ( 32,705 ) Amount
    due from related parties ( 7,860 ) ( 140 ) Security
    deposits ( 1,125,107 ) ( 29,909 ) Accounts
    payable 24,848,127 1,396,861 Contract
    liabilities ( 649,072 ) 649,423 Taxes
    payable ( 226,262 ) ( 15,842 ) Other
    payables and accrued liabilities 2,350,223 155,526 Other
    payable - related parties ( 150,830 ) 26,168 Operating
    lease liabilities ( 175,607 ) ( 33,260 ) Net
    cash used in operating activities ( 6,560,121 ) ( 4,680,079 ) CASH
    FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Purchases
    of property and equipment ( 68,336 ) ( 8,743 ) Proceeds
    from sale of equipment 28,100 - Net
    cash used in investing activities ( 40,236 ) ( 8,743 ) CASH
    FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Repayments
    to short-term loans - related party - ( 91,235 ) Repayments
    to short-term loans ( 291,208 ) - Principal
    payments of long-term loan ( 17,820 ) ( 15,967 ) Proceeds
    from convertible promissory note 9,000,000 4,000,000 Proceeds
    from reverse recapitalization, net of payments of transaction costs 19,710,288 - Proceeds
    from issuance of common stock through exercise of warrants 120,750 - Payment
    of redemption payable ( 20,499,790 ) - Payments
    of deferred transaction costs ( 131,400 ) ( 441,377 ) Net
    cash provided by financing activities 7,890,820 3,451,421 EFFECT
    OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGES ( 2,458 ) - NET CHANGE
    IN CASH 1,288,005 ( 1,237,401 ) CASH,
    beginning of the year 587,448 1,824,849 CASH,
    end of the year $ 1,875,453 $ 587,448 SUPPLEMENTAL
    CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash
    paid for income tax $ 850 $ 35,670 Cash
    paid for interest $ 2,507,745 $ 13,662 NON-CASH
    INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Initial
    recognition of operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities $ 750,338 $ 438,226 Modification
    of operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities $ 121,655 $ - Conversion
    of convertible promissory notes into common stock $ 15,408,685 $ - Reverse
    recapitalization transaction costs net against additional-paid in capital $ 893,577 $ - Deferred
    transaction costs included in other payables and accrued liabilities $ 300,000 $ 20,800 Initial
    recognition of earnout liabilities $ 5,688,007 $ - Conversion from employee advance to receivable from a third party $ 19,500 $ - The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 7 FOXX
DEVELOPMENT HOLDINGS INC. NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note 1
— Nature of business and organization Foxx
Development Holdings Inc. (“Foxx” or the “Company”) was incorporated on November 13, 2023 under the name “Acri
Capital Merger Sub I Inc.” On February 18, 2024, the Company entered into a business combination agreement (as amended on May 31,
2024, the “Business Combination Agreement”), by and among the Company, Acri Capital Acquisition Corporation, a Delaware corporation
and our parent company at the time (“ACAC”), Acri Capital Merger Sub II Inc., a Delaware corporation and our wholly-owned
subsidiary at the time (“Merger Sub”), and Foxx Development Inc. (“Old Foxx”), a Texas corporation incorporated
on March 17, 2017 primarily engaged in the sales of electronic products, pursuant to which (i) ACAC merged with and into the Company,
with the Company as the surviving Delaware corporation (the “Reincorporation Merger”), and (ii) Old Foxx merged with and
into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly-owned Delaware subsidiary of the Company (the “Acquisition Merger”).
The Reincorporation Merger, the Acquisition Merger, and other transactions contemplated under the Business Combination Agreement, are
collectively referred to as the “Business Combination” (See Note 4). Following
the consummation of the Business Combination (the “Closing”) on September 26, 2024, the Company was renamed as “Foxx
Development Holdings Inc.” and became a publicly traded company. The Merger Sub was renamed as “Foxx Development Inc.”
and became the Delaware subsidiary of the Company. On
August 29, 2023, Foxx Technology Pte Ltd, a Singapore private company (“Foxx Technology”), was incorporated in Singapore,
with Old Foxx holding 51 % of the equity interests in Foxx Technology. Foxx Technology operates in the field of the manufacture of
wireless communications equipment, and the wholesale of handphones, handphone peripheral equipment and other telecommunications equipment.
On July 30, 2024, Foxx submitted the application to dissolve Foxx Technology to the Accounting and Corporate Regulatory Authority (ACRA)
of Singapore. On November 4, 2024, ACRA granted Foxx Technology’s application and struck it off from the company register of Singapore. On
March 3, 2025, Foxx Development (Singapore) Pte. Ltd (“Foxx Singapore”) was incorporated in Singapore. Foxx Singapore is
primarily engaged in assembling electronic products, is 100 % owned by the Company. Foxx Singapore had no significant operations as of
June 30, 2025. On
April 8, 2025, Foxx Technologies Inc (“Foxx Tech”) was incorporated in the State of California. Foxx Tech is 100 % owned by
the Company. Foxx Tech had no significant operations as of June 30, 2025. On
May 19, 2025, Nexus IQ Technology Inc (“Nexus IQ”) was incorporated in the State of Delaware. Nexus IQ is primarily engaged
in developing, sales and rental of Artificial Intelligence of Things (“AIOT”), is 100 % owned by the Company. Nexus IQ had
no significant operations as of June 30, 2025. Note 2
— Going Concern In
assessing the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, the Company monitors and analyses its cash on-hand and its operating
and capital expenditure commitments. The Company’s liquidity needs are to meet its working capital requirements, operating expenses,
and capital expenditure obligations. The
Company is primarily engaged in the sales of electronic products and debt financing in the form of convertible notes, loans from bank,
third parties, related parties, and cash generated from operations have been utilized to finance the working capital. The Company’s
management has considered whether there is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern due to (1) net cash
used in operating activities of approximately $ 6.6 million for the year ended June 30, 2025, (2) net loss of approximately $ 9.0 million for the year ended June 30, 2025, and (3) accumulated deficit of approximately $ 20.0 million as of June 30, 2025. F- 8 If
the Company is unable to generate sufficient funds to finance the working capital requirements of the Company within the normal operating
cycle of a twelve-month period from the date of the consolidated financial statements are issued, the Company may have to consider supplementing
its available sources of funds through the following sources: ● Other
available sources of financing from banks in the United States of America and other financial institutions or private lenders; ● Financial
support and credit guarantee commitments from the Company’s related parties; and ● Equity
financing. The
Company can make no assurances that required financings will be available for the amounts needed, or on terms commercially acceptable
to the Company, if at all. If one or all of these events does not occur or subsequent capital raises are insufficient to bridge financial
and liquidity shortfall, there would likely be a material adverse effect on the Company and would materially adversely affect its ability
to continue as a going concern. As
such, the Company’s management has determined that the factors discussed above have raised substantial doubt about the Company’s
ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the consolidated financial statements are issued. The consolidated
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern and, accordingly, do not include any
adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Note 3
— Basis of presentation and significant accounting policies Basis
of presentation The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) and pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”). In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments, considered
necessary for a fair presentation of its financial position and operation results. Principles
of consolidation The
consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries. All transactions and balances
among the Company and its subsidiaries have been eliminated upon consolidation. A
subsidiary is an entity in which the Company, directly or indirectly, controls more than one half of the voting power; or has the power
to govern the financial and operating policies, to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the Board of Directors, or to cast
a majority of votes at the meeting of directors. Use
of estimates and assumptions The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the
consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Actual results could
differ from these estimates. Fair
value measurement The
accounting standard regarding the fair value of financial instruments and related fair value measurements defines financial instruments
and requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. F- 9 The
accounting standards define fair value, establish a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement and
enhance disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The three levels are defined as follows: ● Level
    1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. ● Level
    2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that
    are observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments. ● Level
    3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value. Financial
instruments included in current assets and current liabilities are reported in the balance sheets at face value or cost, which approximates
the fair value because of the short period of time between the origination of such instruments and their expected realization and their
current market rates of interest. Foreign
currency translation and transactions The
reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. The functional currency for our holding company is the U.S. dollar (“USD”).
In Singapore, the Company conducts its business in the local currency, Singapore dollar (“SGD”), as its functional currency.
Assets and liabilities are translated at the unified exchange rate as quoted by the Federal Reserve System at the end of the period.
The statements of operations and cash flows are translated at the average translation rates during the reporting periods and the equity
accounts are translated at historical rates. Translation adjustments resulting from this process are included in accumulated other comprehensive
loss. Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations on transactions denominated in a currency other than the
functional currency are included in the results of operations as incurred. Translation
adjustments are included in accumulated other comprehensive loss. The balance sheet amounts, with the exception of shareholder’s
equity (deficit) at June 30, 2025 were translated at SGD 1.27 to USD 1.00. The average translation rates applied to the consolidated
statements of operations and cash flows for year ended June 30, 2025 was SGD 1.32 to USD 1.00. The shareholder’s equity accounts
were translated at their historical rates. Amounts reported on the consolidated statement of cash flows will not necessarily agree with
changes in the corresponding balances on the consolidated balance sheets. Segments The
Company uses the management approach in determining reportable operating segments. The management approach considers the internal reporting
used by the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”), which is the Company’s Chief Executive Officer and his direct
reports, for making operating decisions about the allocation of resources and the assessment of performance in determining the Company’s
reportable operating segments. The Company’s CODM review financial information presented on a consolidated basis, accompanied by
disaggregated information about revenues, cost of revenues, and gross profit by business lines (electronic products revenues and App
service commission revenue) for purposes of allocating resources and evaluating financial performance. There are no segment managers
who are held accountable for operations, operating results and plans for levels or components below the consolidated unit level. In addition,
all of the Company’s revenues are derived solely from the U.S, accordingly, no geographical information is presented. Management
has determined that the Company has one operating segment. Cash The
Company considers all highly liquid investments with an original maturity of three months or less to be cash and cash equivalents.
As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company had no cash equivalents on account. Cash is maintained at financial institutions and,
at times, balances may exceed federally insured limits. Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentrations
of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits. Accounts at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
up to $ 250,000 . The Company has historically not experienced a loss related to these deposits. Accounts
receivable Accounts
receivables are recognized and carried at the original invoiced amount less an allowance for any uncollectible accounts on credit losses.
Allowance for credit losses for accounts receivables is established based on various factors including historical payments and current
economic trends. The Company reviews its allowance for credit loss by assessing individual accounts receivable over a specific aging
and amount. All other balances are pooled based on historical collection experience. The estimate of expected credit losses is based
on information about past events, current economic conditions, and forecasts of future economic conditions that affect collectability.
Accounts receivable are written-off on a case by case basis after exhaustive efforts at collection are made, net of any amounts that
may be collected. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, $ 595,907 and $0 , respectively, allowance for credit losses of accounts receivable was
recorded and the Company had net accounts receivable of $ 6,786,792 and $ 251,894 , respectively. F- 10 Inventories Inventories
are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, the estimated selling prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably
predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation. Cost is determined using the “First in, First out” method.
Inventories mainly include electronic products and accessories which are purchased from the Company’s suppliers as merchandized
goods and freight-in. On an annual basis, inventories are reviewed for potential write-downs for estimated obsolescence or unmarketable
inventories which equals the difference between the costs of inventories and the estimated net realizable value, the estimated selling
prices in the ordinary course of business, less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation, based upon forecasts
for future demand and market conditions. When inventories are written down to net realizable value, it is not marked up subsequently
based on changes in underlying facts and circumstances. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company had inventories of $ 12,686,739 and
$ 1,768,072 , respectively. During the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, no inventory write-down was recorded. Contract
assets Contract
assets consisted of cash deposited or advanced to suppliers for future inventory purchases. This amount is refundable and bears no interest.
For any advances to suppliers determined by management that such advances will not be in receipts of inventories or refundable, the Company
will recognize an allowance account to reserve such balances. Management reviews its advances to suppliers on a regular basis to determine
if the allowance is adequate and adjusts the allowance when necessary. Delinquent account balances are written-off against allowance
for credit losses after management has determined that the likelihood of collection is not probable. The Company’s management continues
to evaluate the reasonableness of the valuation allowance policy and update it if necessary. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, no allowance
for credit losses on contract assets was recorded. Property
and equipment, net Property
and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and amortization. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method
over the estimated useful lives of the assets with no residual value. The estimated useful lives are as follows: Useful Life Computer and office equipment 5 years Equipment 5 years Vehicles 5 years The
cost and related accumulated depreciation and amortization of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any
gain or loss is included in the statements of operations. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred,
while additions, renewals and betterments, which are expected to extend the useful life of assets, are capitalized. The Company also
re-evaluates the periods of depreciation to determine whether subsequent events and circumstances warrant revised estimates of useful
lives. Long-lived assets The
Company reviews the impairment of its long-lived assets on an annual basis and whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not be fully recoverable. These events or changes in circumstances may include
but are not limited to, a significant deterioration of operating results, a change in the regulatory environment, changes in business
plans, or adverse changes in anticipated future cash flows. If an impairment indicator is present, the Company evaluates the recoverability
by a comparison of the carrying amount of the assets to future undiscounted net cash flows expected to result from the use and eventual
disposition of the assets. If the assets are determined to be impaired, the impairment recognized is the excess of the carrying amount
over the fair value of the assets. Fair value is generally determined by the discounted cash flow method. The discount rate used in any
estimate of discounted cash flows is the rate commensurate with a similar investment of similar risk. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024,
there was no impairment of long-lived assets. F- 11 Deferred
transaction costs The
Company complies with the requirements of Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) ASC 340-10-S99-1, “ Other
Assets and Deferred Costs — SEC Materials ” (“ASC 340-10-S99”) and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin
Topic 5A, “ Expenses of Offering ”. Deferred transaction costs consist of underwriting, legal, accounting, and
other professional expenses incurred through the balance sheet date that are directly related to the Business Combination and that will
be charged to shareholders’ equity (deficit) upon the completion of the Business Combination. The Company completed the Business
Combination on September 26, 2024. As of September 26, 2024, and the Company had deferred transaction costs of $ 893,577 and charged against
shareholders’ deficit (See Note 4). As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company had deferred transaction costs of $0 and $ 462,177 ,
respectively. Contract
liabilities Contract
liabilities mainly consisted of deposits received from customers before all the relevant criteria for revenue recognition are met and
are recorded as customer deposits. Earnout
liabilities At
the Closing of the Business Combination, pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement, the stockholders of Old Foxx were entitled to
receive up to a total of 4,200,000 contingent earnout shares (“Earnout Shares”) in the form of common stock of
the Company, par value $ 0.0001 per share (“Common Stock”). The Earnout Shares would be issued upon certain vesting schedules
based on the Company’s financial performance for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024. The Earnout Shares are classified
as a liability and measured at fair value, with changes in fair value included in the consolidated statements of operations. As of June 30, 2025, the Earnout Shares were forfeited (See Note 17). Convertible
instrument The
Company accounts for its convertible instrument in accordance with ASC 470-20 “ Debt with Conversion and Other Options” ,
whereby the convertible instrument is initially accounted for as a single unit of account, unless it contains a derivative that must
be bifurcated from the host contract in accordance with ASC 815-15 Derivatives and Hedging — Embedded Derivatives or
the substantial premium model in ASC 470-20 Debt applies. If the equity securities underlying the embedded conversion
option are readily convertible to cash, such as publicly traded common shares, the embedded conversion option is likely to meet the net
settlement criterion to be considered a derivative. If the equity securities underlying the conversion option are not readily convertible
to cash, the embedded conversion option may not meet the net settlement criterion, and therefore would not meet the definition of a derivative.
Because the convertible instrument has a fixed conversion price and therefore, it lacks an underlying and does not meet the requirement
of a derivative. As a result, the Company determined its embedded conversion option does not meet the definition of a derivative for
bifurcation. All of the convertible notes were converted into the Company’s common stock on September 26, 2024 as part of the business
combination. As of June 30, 2025, there were no other outstanding convertible instruments. Revenue
recognition The
Company recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services (that is, an asset) to customers in an amount that reflects
the consideration to which the Company expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. An asset is transferred when the customer
obtains control of that asset. It also requires the Company to identify contractual performance obligations and determine whether revenue
should be recognized at a point in time or over time, based on when control of goods and services transfers to a customer. To
achieve that core principle, the Company applies the five steps defined under ASC 606 “ Revenue from Contracts with Customers” :
(i) identify the contract(s) with a customer, (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract, (iii) determine
the transaction price, (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract, and (v) recognize
revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company’s main business is selling electronic products to
1) wholesale customers and 2) individual E-Commerce customers, and the Company’s revenue also came from 3) the App service commission
from providing installation of applications on the Company’s mobile devices and revenue share from clicks and impressions. F- 12 Wholesale
Customers The
Company recognizes a contract with a customer when the contract is committed in writing, the rights of parties, including payment terms,
are identified, the contract has commercial substance, and collectability is probable. A
performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of accounting
in ASC 606. A contract’s transaction price is allocated to each performance obligation identified in the arrangement based on the
relative standalone selling price of each distinct good or service in the contract and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance
obligation is satisfied. For all the Company’s wholesale contracts, the Company has identified one performance obligation, which
is primarily satisfied at a point in time upon delivery of products based on terms stated in the contracts, either on Free on Board (“FOB”)
shipping point or destination, depending on the specified contract. The Company’s customers generally either pay the order in full
balance prior to shipment or in partial payments with credit terms of 30 to 90 days after shipment depends on the specified contract.
No sales returns are being given to its wholesale customers as they were being given additional 1-3% of
products on top of each customer’s order (see Note 3 - “Warranty” below). There are no transaction prices allocated
to future periods or future obligations and no revenue was recognized for performance obligations satisfied in previous periods. Warranty The
Company generally provides 30 days warranties or 1 -year warranties for its product sold to its wholesale customer if an additional
1-3% of products on top of each customer’s order was not provided. For the sale transactions that were provided with 1-3% of
products on top of each customer’s order, these additional 1-3% products were recognized as cost of goods sold at the same
time the respective sale is recognized. For the sales transactions that the Company provided limited warranties to both wholesale
customers and E-Commerce customers, the Company records estimated future warranty costs under ASC 460
“ Guarantees ”. Such estimated costs for warranties are estimated at the time of delivery, and these warranties are
not service warranties separately sold by the Company. Generally, the estimated claim rates of warranties are based on actual
warranty experience or the Company’s best estimate. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company accrued warranty reserves of
$ 328,438 and $ 48,361 , respectively recorded under accrued liabilities and other current liabilities, and these reserves were
recognized based on estimation and judgment from the Company’s management. E-Commerce Customers The Company recognizes a
contract with a customer when the contract is committed in writing and signed electronically on an E-Commerce platform, the rights of
parties, including payment terms, are identified, the contract has commercial substance, and collectability is probable. A
performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the customer and is the unit of accounting
in ASC 606. For all the Company’s contracts, the Company has identified one performance obligation, which is primarily satisfied
at a point in time upon delivery of products based on terms stated in the contracts on shipping destination at its individual customer
shipping address, which is the Company’s obligation to deliver the product to the end user/individual customer, depending
on the specified contract. The Company’s E-Commerce customers pay the order
in full balance prior to shipment to the E-Commerce Platform and the E-Commerce Platform withholds the
payment for 30 days before remitting payments to the Company. The Company offered one month of free exchange or return. As a result, the
Company recognized its revenues from the E-Commerce customers, in the third-party E-commerce platform, net of estimated sales returns,
discount, and rebate, as a consideration reducing the transaction price. Historically, sales returns were insignificant to the Company’s
operations. For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company did not recognize any estimated sales returns. There are no transaction
prices allocated to future periods or future obligations and no revenue was recognized for performance obligations satisfied in previous
periods. F- 13 App
Service Commission Revenue The Company provides an App
Service by installing applications from App developer partners (the “Partners”) onto its mobile devices and facilitating the
distribution of these devices to end users (the “App Service”). The App Service commission revenue is generated when end users
interact with Partner-developed Apps installed on the Company’s mobile devices (the “App”), such as through clicks and/or
impressions, App activations, and/or additional App installations, triggering the Partners’ obligation to pay the Company its App
revenue share (service commission). The revenue shares are considered variable consideration. Those revenue shares related to clicks,
impressions, and additional App installations are determined based on the contract price negotiated between the Partners and the third-party
advertisers, while those related to App activations are determined based on the number of App activations. The Partners are primarily
responsible in developing and maintaining the application, and is the primary obligor to users of the application and determines and controls
the revenue shares (service commission) to pay the Company. No refund or return policy is provided to the Partners. The Company recognizes
App Service commission revenue at a point in time when the activations and service commission is earned, which is when the app activations,
clicks/impressions, or additional app installations occur, and when the uncertainty of the variable consideration is resolved. Practical
expedient The
Company applies the practical expedient in ASC 606 to expense as incurred, the costs to obtain a contract with a customer when the amortization
period is one year or less. The Company has no material incremental costs of obtaining contracts with customers that the Company expects
the benefit of those costs to be longer than one year which need to be recognized as assets for years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024. Cost
of revenues The
cost of revenue consists primarily of the costs of electronic products sold and freight cost. Selling
expenses Selling
expenses consist primarily of the advertising and marketing expenses, warranty expenses, commission fees incurred in connection with
the E-Commerce platform sales, and consulting fees in connection with marketing activities. General
and administrative expenses General
and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel costs of salaries and other compensation-related expenses for executive management,
finance, accounting, human resources, legal, compliance, and other administrative functions as well as professional services costs and
other facility related costs. Research
and development Research
and development expenses consist primarily of development fees that the Company incurred based on the progression of product development
and payroll and related expenses for research and development personnel. For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company
had research and development expenses that amounted to $ 2,220,649 and $ 91,168 , respectively. Interest expenses Interest expenses consist
primarily of interest incurred on convertible notes, unpaid purchase balance from a vendor (see Note 10 for details), and borrowings and
others. For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company had interest expenses that amounted to $ 4,959,055 and $ 278,328 ,
respectively. Of the total interest expense for the year ended June 30, 2025, $ 140,740 was related to convertible notes, $ 4,798,339 to
unpaid purchase balance, and $ 19,976 to borrowings and others. Of the total interest expense for the year ended June 30, 2024, $ 264,445 was related to convertible notes and $ 13,883 to borrowings and others. F- 14 Lease The
Company accounts for leases in accordance with ASC 842 “ Leases ”. The Company categorizes leases with contractual
terms longer than 12 months as either operating or finance. Finance leases are generally those leases that substantially utilize
or pay for the entire asset over its estimated life. All other leases are categorized as operating leases. Costs associated with operating
lease assets are recognized on a straight-line basis within operating expenses over the term of the lease. As of June 30, 2025 and 2024,
the Company does not have finance leases. The
Company determines if an arrangement is, or contains, a lease at inception. Operating lease assets represent the Company’s right
to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time, or term, in exchange for consideration, and operating lease liabilities
represent its obligation to make lease payments arising from the aforementioned right. Operating
lease right-of-use (“ROU”) assets and liabilities are initially recorded based on the present value of lease payments over
the lease term, which includes the minimum unconditional term of the lease, and may include options to extend or terminate the lease
when it is reasonably certain at the commencement date that such options will be exercised. As the rate implicit for each of the Company’s
leases is not readily determinable, the Company uses incremental borrowing rate as effective interest rate, based on the information
available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of its expected lease payments. Operating lease assets also
include any initial direct costs and any lease payments made prior to the lease commencement date and are reduced by any lease incentives
received. According to ASC 842-10-15-37, a lessee may, as an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset, choose not
to separate non-lease components from lease components and instead to account for each separate lease component and the non-lease components
associated with that lease component as a single lease component. The Company has identified the common area maintenance (CAM) fee as
a non-lease component and elected to not separate it from the lease component. Operating
lease assets are amortized on a straight-line basis in operating lease expense over the lease term on the consolidated statements of
operations. The related amortization of ROU assets along with the change in the operating lease liabilities are separately presented
within the cash flows from operating activities on the consolidated statements of cash flows. The Company records lease expenses for
operating leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The
Company reviews the impairment of its right-of-use assets consistent with the approach applied for its other long-lived assets on an
annual basis. The Company reviews the recoverability of its long-lived assets when events or changes in circumstances occur that indicate
that the carrying value of the asset may not be recoverable. The assessment of possible impairment is based on its ability to recover
the carrying value of the asset from the expected undiscounted future pre-tax cash flows of the related operations. The Company has elected
to include the carrying amount of operating lease right-of-use assets in any tested asset group and include the associated lease payments
in the undiscounted future pre-tax cash flows. For the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company did not recognize impairment loss
against its right-of-use assets. For
a lease with a term of 12 months or less, a lessee is permitted to make an accounting policy election by class of underlying asset
not to recognize lease assets and lease liability. For the lease that with lease term of one year or shorter, the Company has elected
to not recognize right-of-use asset and lease liability. Income
taxes The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 740, “Income Taxes”. Under the asset and liability
method as required by this accounting standard, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the expected future tax
consequences of temporary differences between the income tax basis and financial reporting basis of assets and liabilities. Provision
for income taxes consists of taxes currently due plus deferred taxes. The
charge for taxation is based on the results for the fiscal year as adjusted for items, which are non-assessable or disallowed. It
is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the balance sheet date. Deferred
taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the
carrying amount of assets and liabilities in the financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation of assessable
tax. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all future taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the
extent that it is probable that taxable income will be available against which deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Deferred
tax is calculated using tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled. F- 15 Deferred
taxes are charged or credited in the income statement, except when it is related to items credited or charged directly to equity. Net
deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some
portion or all of the net deferred tax assets will not be realized. Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws
of the relevant taxing authorities. An
uncertain tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is “more likely than not” that the tax position would be sustained
in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit that
has a greater than 50% likelihood of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the “more likely than not”
test, no tax benefit is recorded. Penalties and interest incurred related to underpayment of income taxes are classified as income tax
expenses in the period incurred. Income tax returns for the years prior to 2019 are no longer subject to examination by U.S. tax
authorities. Stock-based
compensation The
measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all stock-based payment awards made to employees and directors, including employee
stock options and restricted stock, is based on estimated fair value of the awards on the date of grant, of which stock options uses
the Black-Scholes option pricing model, inclusive of assumptions for risk-free interest rates, expected dividends, expected terms, expected
volatility, and the fair value of the underlying stock, and restricted stock is based on the market value of the Company’s common
stock. The value of awards that are ultimately expected to vest is recognized as expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting service
periods in the consolidated statements of operations. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. Warrants The
Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant’s
specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (“ASC 480”),
and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (“ASC 815”). The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial
instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements
for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company’s own Common Stock and whether
the warrant holders could potentially require “net cash settlement” in a circumstance outside of the Company’s control,
among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the
time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. For
issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component
of equity at the time of issuance. The Company determined that upon further review of the warrant agreements, the Company concluded that
its warrants qualify for equity accounting treatment. Upon
completion of the Business Combination, all of ACAC’s outstanding public and private warrants (See Note 16) were replaced by the
Company’s public and private warrants. The Company treated such warrants replacement as a warrant modification and no incremental
fair value was recognized for the year ended June 30, 2025. Basic
and diluted loss per share Basic
EPS is measured as net loss divided by the weighted average common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted
net loss per share attributable to common stockholders adjusts basic loss per share for the potentially dilutive impact of non-participating
shares of common stock. Dilutive equivalent shares are excluded from the computation of diluted loss per share if their effects would
be anti-dilutive. Common stock issuable upon the conversion of the stock options, the RSUs (defined in Note 16) and warrants are using
the treasury stock method. Common stock issuable in connection with the Company’s convertible promissory notes are using the if-converted
method. F- 16 Related
parties The
Company identifies related parties, and accounts for, and discloses related party transactions in accordance with ASC 850, Related
Party Disclosures , and other relevant ASC standards. Parties,
which can be a corporation or individual, are considered to be related if they have the ability, directly or indirectly, to control the
Company or exercise significant influence over the Company in making financial and operating decisions. Entities are also considered
to be related if they are subject to common control or common significant influence. Transactions
involving related parties cannot be presumed to be carried out on an arm’s-length basis, as the requisite conditions of competitive,
free market dealings may not exist. Representations about transactions with related parties, if made, shall not imply that the related
party transactions were consummated on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s-length transactions unless such representations
can be substantiated. Recently
adopted accounting standards The
Company considers the applicability and impact of all accounting standards updates (“ASUs”). Management periodically reviews
new accounting standards that are issued. Under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, as amended (the “JOBS
Act”), the Company meets the definition of an emerging growth company and has elected the extended transition period for complying
with new or revised accounting standards, which delays the adoption of these accounting standards until they would apply to private companies. In
November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, “ Segment Reporting (Topic 280)” (“ASU 2023-07” or
“Topic 280). The amendments in ASU 2023-07 improve financial reporting by requiring disclosure of incremental segment information
on an annual and interim basis for all public entities to enable investors to develop more decision useful financial analyses. Topic
280 requires a public entity to report a measure of segment profit or loss that the chief operating decision maker (CODM) uses to assess
segment performance and make decisions about allocating resources. Topic 280 also requires other specified segment items and amounts,
such as depreciation, amortization, and depletion expense, to be disclosed under certain circumstances. The amendments in ASU 2023-07
also do not change how a public entity identifies its operating segments, aggregates those operating segments, or applies the quantitative
thresholds to determine its reportable segments. The amendments in ASU 2023-07 are effective for years beginning after December 15, 2023
and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024, adopted retrospectively. The Company adopted this ASU for
the year ended June 30 2025 (See Note 24). Except
as mentioned above, the Company does not believe other recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted,
would have a material effect on the Company’s balance sheets, statements of operations and comprehensive loss, and statements of
cash flows. F- 17 Recently
issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted In December 2023, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, “ Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures ” (“ASU 2023-09”),
which modifies the rules on income tax disclosures to require entities to disclose (1) specific categories in the rate reconciliation,
(2) the income or loss from continuing operations before income tax expense or benefit (separated between domestic and foreign) and
(3) income tax expense or benefit from continuing operations (separated by federal, state and foreign). ASU 2023-09 also
requires entities to disclose their income tax payments to international, federal, state and local jurisdictions, among other changes.
The guidance is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual consolidated
financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. ASU 2023-09 should be applied on a prospective
basis, but retrospective application is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these standards will have on it financial
statements. In
November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-03, Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic
220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses (“ASU 2024-03”), and in January 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-01, Income
Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Clarifying the Effective Date (“ASU
2025-01”). ASU 2024-03 requires additional disclosure of the nature of expenses included in the income statement as well as disclosures
about specific types of expenses included in the expense captions presented in the income statement. ASU 2024-03, as clarified by ASU
2025-01, is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December
15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these standards will have on it financial
statements. In
July 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-05 Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (Subtopic 326) (“ASU 2025-05”), simplifies
the Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) model for accounts receivable and contract assets by offering a practical expedient
to use current conditions for forecasts and an accounting policy election to consider post-balance sheet collections, allowing for early
adoption for financial statements not yet issued. The guidance is effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2025, but early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of these standards will have on it financial statements. Note 4
— Reverse recapitalization Upon
the consummation of the Business Combination, the following transactions were completed, based on the Company’s capitalization
as of September 26, 2024 (issuance date): (i) All 70,721 shares of Class A common stock of ACAC (“ACAC public shares”), net of redemption of 1,744,663 ACAC public shares at $ 11.75 per share, and all 2,156,250 shares of Class B common stock of ACAC (“ACAC private shares”), were converted on a one-for-one basis into the Company’s Common Stock. (ii) 43,125 shares of the Company’s Common Stock were issued to ACAC’s underwriter, EF Hutton LLC, in connection with the Business Combination. (iii) All issued and outstanding shares of Original Foxx Common Stock were cancelled in exchange for the rights for Original Foxx Shareholders, including the holders of Old Foxx’s convertible promissory notes upon the conversion of the convertible promissory notes and their interests into Original Foxx Common Stock immediately prior to Closing (see Note 14), to receive such stockholder’s pro rata share of 5,000,000 shares (“Closing Payment Shares”) of the Company’s Common Stock, including: (x) 1,696,668 shares of Foxx’s $ 0.0001 par value common stock were issued to Old Foxx’s convertible promissory notes holders in connection with the Business Combination (see Note 14); (y) 1,000,000 outstanding shares of Original Foxx Common Stock issued to Original Foxx Shareholders (other than holders of the convertible notes) were cancelled in exchange for the right by the Original Foxx Shareholders to receive a pro rata share of 3,303,333 shares of the Company’s Common Stock at the exchange ratio of 3.3033 . (iv) 4,200,000 shares (“Earnout Shares”) of the Company’s Common Stock were reserved for issuance to Old Foxx’s stockholders subject to the vesting schedule as follows: in
connection with the financial performance for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024: ● 700,000 Earnout Shares would be issued to Original Foxx Shareholders
on a pro rata basis if and only if the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2024 (“2024 Foxx Audited Financial Statements”), prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and filed with the SEC on Form 10-K by
Company after Closing, reflect revenue of the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 (the “2024 Foxx Revenue”)
to be no less than $ 67,000,000 (including $ 67,000,000 ) and less than $ 84,000,000 (excluding $ 84,000,000 ); ● 1,400,000 Earnout Shares would be issued to Original Foxx Shareholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2024 Foxx Revenue reflected in the 2024 Foxx Audited Financial Statements would be no less than $ 84,000,000 (including $ 100,000,000 ) and less than $ 100,000,000 (excluding $ 100,000,000 ); ● 2,100,000 Earnout Shares would be issued to Original Foxx Shareholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2024 Foxx Revenue reflected in the 2024 Foxx Audited Financial Statements would be no less than $ 100,000,000 (including $ 100,000,000 ). F- 18 in
connection with the financial performance for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025: ● 700,000 Earnout Shares would be issued to Original Foxx Shareholders
on a pro rata basis if and only if the Company’s audited consolidated financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30,
2025 (“2025 Foxx Audited Financial Statements”), prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and filed with the SEC on Form 10-K by
the Company after Closing, reflect revenue of the Company for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 (the “2025 Foxx Revenue”)
to be no less than $ 77,050,000 (including $ 77,050,000 ) and less than $ 96,600,000 (excluding $ 96,600,000 ); ● 1,400,000 Earnout Shares would be issued to Original Foxx Shareholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2025 Foxx Revenue reflected in the 2025 Foxx Audited Financial Statements would be no less than $ 96,600,000 (including $ 96,600,000 ) and less than $ 115,000,000 (excluding $ 115,000,000 ); ● 2,100,000 Earnout Shares would be issued to Original Foxx Shareholders on a pro rata basis if and only if the 2025 Foxx Revenue reflected in the 2025 Foxx Audited Financial Statements would be no less than $ 115,000,000 (including $ 115,000,000 ). (v) All issued and outstanding 12,156,417 ACAC warrants were converted on a one-for-one basis into warrants of the Company, including conversion from (x) 4,312,500 ACAC’s public warrants, (y) 5,240,000 ACAC’s private warrants, and (z) 2,603,923 ACAC’s working capital warrants. The
following table presents the number of the Company’s common stock issued and outstanding immediately following the Reverse Recapitalization
(as defined below): Common Stock ACAC’s
    common stock outstanding prior to Reverse Recapitalization 3,971,634 Less: redemption
    of ACAC’s common stock ( 1,744,663 ) Common stock
    issued to underwriter 43,125 Conversion
    of Old Foxx’s common stock into Foxx’s common stock 3,303,333 Conversion
    of Old Foxx’s convertible promissory notes into Foxx’s common stock 1,696,668 Total
    common stock 7,270,097 Old
Foxx was determined to be the accounting acquirer given Old Foxx effectively controlled the combined entity after the Business Combination.
The transaction is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization (“Reverse Recapitalization”), which is equivalent to the issuance
of common stock by Old Foxx for the net monetary assets of ACAC, accompanied by a recapitalization. Old Foxx is determined as the accounting
acquirer and the historical financial statements of Old Foxx became the Company’s historical financial statements, with retrospective
adjustments to give effect of the Reverse Recapitalization. The net assets of ACAC were recognized as of the closing date at historical
cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Operations prior to the Business Combination are those of Old Foxx and Old
Foxx’s operations are the only ongoing operations of the Company. In
connection with the Reverse Recapitalization, the Company raised approximately $ 19.7 million of proceeds, presented as cash flows
from financing activities, which included the contribution of approximately $ 21.6 million of funds held in ACAC’s trust account,
approximately $ 0.3 million of cash held in ACAC’s operating cash account, and payments of approximately $ 2.2 million
in transaction costs incurred by ACAC. The
following table reconcile the elements of the Reverse Recapitalization to the consolidated statements of cash flows and the changes in
shareholders’ deficit: September 26, 2024 Funds
    held in ACAC’s trust account $ 21,627,541 Funds held
    in ACAC’s operating cash account 298,643 Less:
    payments of transaction costs incurred by ACAC ( 2,215,896 ) Proceeds
    from the Reverse Recapitalization 19,710,288 Less:
    non-cash net deficit assumed from ACAC ( 21,810,926 ) Net
    distributions from issuance of Common Stock upon the Reverse Recapitalization $ ( 2,100,638 ) F- 19 The
shares and corresponding capital amounts and all per share data related to Old Foxx’s outstanding common stock prior to the Reverse
Recapitalization have been retroactively adjusted using the Exchange Ratio of 3.3033 . Note 5
— Accounts receivable, net As
of June 30, 2025 and 2024, accounts receivable consist of the following: June
    30, 2025 June 30, 2024 Accounts
    receivable $ 7,382,699 $ 251,894 Less:
    allowance for credit losses ( 595,907 ) — Accounts
    receivable, net $ 6,786,792 $ 251,894 For
the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company recognized $ 595,907 and $0 on provision for allowance on credit losses, respectively. Movement
of allowance for credit losses consisted of the following as of the date indicated: June
    30, June
    30, 2025 2024 Balance as
    of the beginning of the year $ - $ - Addition 595,907 - Ending
    balance $ 595,907 $ - Note 6
— Inventories As
of June 30, 2025 and 2024, inventories consist of the following: June
    30, 2025 June 30, 2024 Finished
    goods $ 12,686,739 $ 1,768,072 Total
    inventories $ 12,686,739 $ 1,768,072 Note 7
— Contract assets The
following table presents the Company’s contract assets balances and changes therein: For
    the Year Ended June 30 2025 2024 Balance
    as of the beginning of the year $ 1,682,289 $ - Add:
    net increase in current period contract asset 454,842 1,682,289 Less:
    inventory recognized from beginning contract asset ( 1,682,289 ) - Total
    contract assets as the end of the year $ 454,842 $ 1,682,289 F- 20 Note 8
— Prepaid expenses and other current assets As
of June 30, 2025 and 2024, prepaid expenses and other current assets consist of the following: June 30, 2025 June 30, 2024 Other
    receivables, net (1) $ 177,814 $ 10,881 Prepaid
    rent 355,677 - Prepaid
    research and development fees 198,328 - Prepaid
    insurance 153,659 - Prepaid
    professional fee 96,839 - Prepayment
    to be refunded, net (2) 1,116,116 - Advances
    to a third party 19,500 - Other
    prepaid expenses 37,161 33,235 Less:
    allowance for credit losses ( 317,282 ) - Total
    prepaid expenses and other current assets $ 1,837,812 $ 44,116 (1) This
represents receivables from payments made on behalf of a vendor and other fee and freight claim receivables. $ 48,317 allowance for credit
losses was recorded for the balances due to aging of the receivables. (2) This represents prepayment to be refunded resulting from the cancellation of purchase orders. $268,965 allowance for credit losses was recorded for the balances due to aging of the prepayments. For
the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company recognized $ 317,282 and $0 on provision for allowance on credit losses, respectively. Movement
of allowance for credit losses consisted of the following as of the date indicated: June
    30, June
    30, 2025 2024 Balance as
    of the beginning of the year $ - $ - Addition 317,282 - Ending
    balance $ 317,282 $ - Note 9
— Property and equipment, net As
of June 30, 2025 and 2024, property and equipment, net consist of the following: June
    30, 2025 June 30, 2024 Computer
    and office equipment $ 12,580 $ 9,942 Equipment 30,697 - Furniture
    and fixtures 3,432 3,432 Vehicles 191,091 191,091 Subtotal 237,800 204,465 Less:
    accumulated depreciation ( 106,078 ) ( 61,846 ) Total
    property and equipment, net $ 131,722 $ 142,619 Depreciation
expense for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 amounted to $ 47,732 and $ 39,783 , respectively. F- 21 Note 10
— Other payables and accrued liabilities As
of June 30, 2025 and 2024, other payables and accrued liabilities consist of the following: June
    30, 2025 June 30, 2024 Payroll
    and payable tax payable $ 174,684 $ 50,554 Interest
    payable* 2,309,106 267,945 Professional
    fee payable 168,186 59,473 Accrued
    warranty expenses 328,438 48,361 Excise
    tax payable** 556,620 - Others 33,925 41,892 Total
    other payables and accrued liabilities $ 3,570,959 $ 468,225 * On April 9, 2024, the Company and a vendor entered into a
purchase and financing agreement, pursuant to which the Company is subject to interest of 1.5 % per month, or 0.05 % per day, on the unpaid
purchase amount, after forty-five (45) days from the date of shipment. * * These
balances were carried from ACAC, and payable by the Company, as a result on 1% excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions)
of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations
occurring on or after January 1, 2023 under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. Note 11
— Contract liabilities Contract
liabilities consist of customer deposits, which is recorded on the consolidated balance sheets when the Company has received consideration,
or has the right to receive consideration, in advance of transferring the performance obligations under the contract to the customer. The
following table presents the Company’s contract liabilities balances and changes therein: For
                                            the Years Ended June
                                            30 2025 2024 Balance,
    beginning of the period $ 649,450 $ 27 Add:
    net increase in current period contract liabilities 378 649,450 Less:
    revenue recognized from beginning contract liabilities ( 649,450 ) ( 27 ) Total
    contract liabilities $ 378 $ 649,450 Note 12
— Related party balances and transactions Related
party balances Amount
due from a related party Name of Related Party Relationship Nature June 30, 2025 June 30, 2024 Azure Horizon LLC (“Azure”) Owned by an immediate family member of the Company’s 10% or more shareholder Paid on behalf fees $ - $ 140 Prepaid
expenses to a related party Name of Related Party Relationship Nature June 30, 2025 June 30, 2024 Azure Horizon LLC (“Azure”) Owned by an immediate family member of the Company’s 10% or more shareholder Prepaid service fees $ 8,000 $ - F- 22 Other
payable — related party Other
payable — related party consists of the following: Name of Related Party Relationship Nature June 30, 2025 June 30, 2024 Wuhan Haoxun Communication Technology Co. Ltd (“Wuhan Haoxun”) (1) Controlled by an immediate family member of the Company’s 10% or more shareholder Research and development fees $ 18,792 $ 51,168 Acri Capital Sponsor LLC More than 10% Shareholder of the Company Unconverted working capital loan balance in ACAC 245,509 - Swiftfulfill Warehouse LLC (“Swiftfulfill”) (2) Owned by an immediate family member of the Company’s 10% or more shareholder Consulting fees and expenses paid on behalf of the Company 8,566 - “Joy” Yi Hua Chairwoman, Chief Financial Officer and Director of the Company Expenses paid on behalf of the Company 50 - Total $ 272,917 $ 51,168 (1) On September 1, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Wuhan Haoxun for the research and development project. (2) On October 1, 2024, the Company entered into a consulting agreement to receive consulting services provided by, Swiftfulfill, a consulting company which is owned by an immediate family member of the Company’s more than 10% shareholder. Related
party transactions Research
and development expenses Name of Related Party Relationship For the Year Ended June 30, 2025 For the Year Ended June 30, 2024 Wuhan Haoxun (1) Controlled by an immediate family member of the Company’s 10% or more shareholder $ 136,752 $ 91,168 (1) On September 1, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with Wuhan Haoxun for the research and development project. Consulting
expenses Name of Related Party Relationship For the Year Ended June 30, 2025 For the Year Ended June 30, 2024 Azure (1) Owned by an immediate family member of the Company’s 10% or more shareholder $ 485,200 $ 324,000 Swiftfulfill (2) Owned by an immediate family member of the Company’s 10% or more shareholder 63,000 - Total $ 548,200 324,000 (1) On September 1, 2022, the Company entered into a consulting agreement to receive consulting services provided by Azure, a consulting company which is owned by an immediate family member of the Company’s more than 10% shareholder. (2) On October 1, 2024, the Company entered into a consulting agreement to receive consulting services provided by, Swiftfulfill, a consulting company which is owned by an immediate family member of the Company’s more than 10% shareholder. F- 23 Note 13
— Short-term loans As
of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the outstanding short-term loan from third parties consists of the following: June
    30, 2025 June 30, 2024 Lender
    A (1) $ - $ 261,208 Lender
    B (2) - 30,000 Total
    short-term loan $ - $ 291,208 (1) On December 30, 2020, the Company entered into a loan agreement with a third-party lender. The agreement allows the Company to draw up to $ 600,000 and is non-interest bearing. The Company’s imputed interest is immaterial. During the year ended June 30, 2025, the Company made a full repayment to the third party with a total amount of $ 261,208 . (2) On November 11, 2019, the Company entered into a loan agreement for an amount of $ 50,000 with a third-party lender. This loan is non-interest bearing. The Company’s imputed interest is immaterial. This loan had an original due date in February 2020 and automatically converted into a due on demand term thereafter. During the year ended June 30, 2025, the Company made a full repayment to the third party with a total amount of $ 30,000 . Note 14
— Convertible promissory notes On
June 21, 2023 (note issuance date), Old Foxx issued a convertible promissory note (the “Note 1”) to Investor A,
a Hong Kong registered entity, in the amount of $ 2,000,000 at 7 % per annum. The maturity date for the note is the earlier of the 12 -month anniversary of the note issuance date and the date when Old Foxx redeems the note, or the date of the initial closing of the
initial public offering (“IPO”) of Old Foxx. On
November 21, 2023, Old Foxx issued a second convertible promissory note (“Note 2”) to Investor A in the amount
of $ 2,000,000 at 7 % per annum. The maturity and other terms were the same to Note 1. On
March 15, 2024, Old Foxx and the Investor entered into an Amendment to the Convertible Note Agreement to the Note 1 and
Note 2 and agreed that all accrued interest shall become due and payable in shares of common stock of Old Foxx, at a price of $ 30.00 per share at the time that the Old Foxx completes the Business Combination. On
March 15, 2024, Old Foxx issued a third convertible promissory note (“the Note 3”, together with Note 1 and
Note 2, collectively as “Notes”) to the Investor A for the amount of $ 2,000,000 at 7 % per annum. The maturity and other
terms were the same to Note 1 and Note 2. On
May 30, 2024, Old Foxx entered into a securities purchase agreement for issuance of convertible promissory notes to Investor B in
the amount of $ 6,000,000 (“Note 4”) and to Investor C in the amount of $ 3,000,000 (“Note 5”), at 7 %
per annum. The Note 4 and Note 5 were received in August and September 2024 prior to the Closing. The maturity date for the
Note 4 and Note 5 would be due at the earlier of the 12 -month anniversary of the issuance date or IPO of Old Foxx. The
Note 4 and Note 5 and their accrued and unpaid interest would be automatically convertible into shares of common stock of Old
Foxx, at a price of $ 30.00 per share at the time that Old Foxx completes the Business Combination. Immediately prior to the Closing on September 26, 2024, the Notes of
$ 15,000,000 and the related interests of $ 408,685 were automatically converted into (x) 212,050 shares of Original Foxx Common Stock for
the Notes to the Investor, (y) 200,882 shares of Original Foxx Common Stock for Note 4, and (z) 100,690 share of Original Foxx Common
Stock for Note 5, each at a price of $ 30.00 per share. On September 26, 2024, upon Closing of the Business Combination, all the Original
Foxx Common Stock converted from the convertible promissory notes were cancelled in exchange for the holders’ pro rata share of
the 5,000,000 Closing Payment Shares (see Note 4), resulting in a total of 1,696,668 shares of the Company’s Common Stock issued
to the holders of the convertible promissory notes at the exchange ratio of approximately 3.3033 following consummation of the Business
Combination, including (x) 700,473 shares of Common Stock issued to the Investor A, (y) 663,581 shares of Common Stock issued to Investor
B, and (z) 332,614 shares of Common Stock issued to Investor C (see Note 4). As
of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the fair and carrying value of the Notes were $ 0 and $ 6,000,000 , respectively, net of $ 0 unamortized premium,
discount, or issuance costs; and accrued interest related to the Notes were $ 0 and $ 267,945 as of June 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. F- 24 Note 15
— Long-term loan In
February 2023, the Company purchased and financed a vehicle, for which the lender put a lien on the title and will be taken as collateral
in the situation if the Company is unable to make repayment and default on the loan, with a six-year loan for a total of approximately
$ 137,000 . As of June 30, 2025, the carrying value of the asset that has been pledged as a collateral is $ 65,772 . The monthly payments
are $ 2,694 from March 2023 to February 2029, with an interest rate of 11.85 % per annum. The
obligation is payable as follows: Twelve months
    ended June 30, Amount 2026 $ 23,743 2027 24,826 2028 27,984 Thereafter 20,608 Total
    long-term debt payment 97,161 Current
    portion of long-term debt ( 23,743 ) Long-term
    debt – non-current portion $ 73,418 Interest
expense for the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024 for the above loan amounted to $ 12,784 and $ 14,989 , respectively. Note 16
— Shareholders’ deficit Common
stock As
of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the Company has 50,000,000 authorized shares of common stock, par value $ 0.0001 per share. As of June
30, 2025 and 2024, there are 6,780,597 and 3,303,333 shares of common stock outstanding. Issuance
of common stock upon completion of the Reverse Recapitalization On
September 26, 2024, upon the consummation of the business combination, the Company issued an aggregated total of 2,270,096 common stock
to ACAC shareholders and its underwriter. The
following table presents the number of the Company’s common stock issued upon completion of the Reverse Recapitalization: Shares
    of Common Stock ACAC’s common
    stock outstanding prior to Reverse Recapitalization 3,971,634 Less: redemption of ACAC’s
    common stock ( 1,744,663 ) Common
    stock issued to underwriter 43,125 Total
    common stock issued upon completion of the Reverse Recapitalization 2,270,096 Conversion
of convertible promissory notes into common stock On
September 26, 2024, upon the consummation of the business combination, the Company issued an aggregated total of 1,696,668 common stock
to the Old Foxx convertible notes holders (See Note 14). Equity
incentive plan On
September 24, 2024, pursuant to the Equity Incentive Plan (the “EIP”), 1,454,019 shares of common stock, par value $ 0.0001 per share, of the Company were set aside and reserved for issuance of certain stock option award and certain restricted shares to certain
of the Company’s employees and consultants. On
November 5, 2024, the Company granted 707,860 restricted stock units (“RSUs”) to its employees, consultants, and independent
directors under its EIP. These shares have a 4 -year vesting schedule, of which, 25 % will be vested after year 1 with the 1 / 16 th of these
shares will vest each quarter thereafter on the same day of the month as the grant date. The vesting of each RSU is subject to the
employee’s continued employment and the consultant’s continued engagement through applicable vesting dates. F- 25 On
January 22, 2025, the Company granted 19,149 RSUs to one of its independent directors pursuant to the EIP. These shares have a 4 -year
vesting schedule, of which, 25 % will be vested after year 1 with the 1 / 16 th of these shares will vest each quarter thereafter on the
same day of the month as the grant date. The vesting of each RSU is subject to the director’s continued employment through
applicable vesting date. On
April 24, 2025, the Company forfeited 33,080 unvested RSUs previously granted to one of its consultants on November 5, 2024, due to termination
of the consultant’s engagement. The
RSUs are accounted for as equity awards and are measured at fair value based upon the grant date market value of the Company’s
common stock. Compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting service period of four years . Forfeitures
are accounted for as they occur. The
following table presents the total stock-based compensation expenses included in each of the respective expense line items for the periods
presented: For
    the Years Ended June
    30, 2025 2024 Selling expenses $ 175,332 $ - General and administrative
    expenses 448,511 - Research
    and development expenses 191,835 - Total
    stock-based compensation expenses $ 815,678 $ - The
following table summarizes the activity for all restricted stock units granted: Shares Weight average grant date fair value Total fair value Weighted average remaining contractual term (in years) Unvested at July 1, 2024 - $ - $ - - Granted 727,009 7.21 5,243,400 4.00 Vested - - - - Forfeited ( 33,080 ) 7.30 ( 241,484 ) - Unvested at June 30, 2025 693,929 $ 7.21 $ 5,001,916 3.36 As
of June 30, 2025, there was $ 4,186,238 total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs granted under the employee incentive
plan. The total cost is expected to be recognized over a remaining period of 3.36 years. Earnout
Shares As
described in Note 4 - Reverse recapitalization, the Earnout Shares that are contingently issuable in connection with the Business Combination
are subject to vesting based on the Company’s financial performance during the earnout period. The entitlement of the first batch
of the 2,100,000 earnout shares to the Old Foxx shareholders were forfeited in October 2024 because the Company did not meet the earnout
requirements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2024 vesting schedule. These 2,100,000 earnout shares are not included or contributing
to the value of the earnout liabilities. The entitlement of the second batch of the 2,100,000 Earnout Shares to the Old Foxx shareholders
were also forfeited, as the Company did not meet the earnout requirements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2025 vesting schedule. These 2,100,000 Earnout Shares, which were classified as a liability and measured at fair value, were reduced to $ 0 . As
of June 30, 2025 and September 26, 2024 (issuance date), the fair value of the earnout liabilities was $ 0 and $ 5,688,007 , respectively.
For the year ended June 30, 2025, the Company recognized $5,688,007 of gains related to the change in fair value of earnout liabilities
included in the change in fair value of earnout liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations. (See Note 17 – Fair value
measurement). F- 26 Warrants In
connection with the reverse recapitalization, each of 12,156,417 ACAC’s issued and outstanding warrants, which consisted of 4,312,500 public warrants, 5,240,000 private warrants and 2,603,917 working capital warrants, was converted automatically into one redeemable warrant
of the Company, exercisable for one share of common stock of the Company at an exercise price of $ 11.50 per share. All of these warrants
met the criteria for equity classification. Each
whole Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one whole share of the Company’s common stock at a price of
$ 11.50 per share. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its Warrants only for a whole number of shares
of common stock. This means that only a whole Warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional Warrants
will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Warrants will trade. The Warrants will expire five years after the
completion of the Company’s initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The
Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 30 business days, after the closing of the
initial business combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file, and within 60 business days following
its initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act,
of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to maintain
the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in
accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. No Warrants will be exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective
and current registration statement covering the common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating
to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company’s common stock is at the time of any exercise of a Warrant
not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a “covered security” under Section
18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Warrants who exercise their Warrants to do so on a
“cashless basis” in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event it so elect, it will not be required
to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but it will be required to use its commercially reasonable efforts to register
or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. The
Company may call the Warrants for redemption, in whole and not in part, at a price of $ 0.01 per Warrant: ● in whole and not in part; ● upon not less than 30 days ’ prior written notice of redemption (the “30-day redemption period”) to each Warrant holder; and ● if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds $ 16.50 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 -trading day period ending three business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. On
October 3, 2024, the Company’s shareholders (ACAC’s public shareholders) exercised 10,500 warrants in the amount of
$ 120,750 or $ 11.50 per share. The
summary of warrants activity is as follows: Warrants Outstanding Common Stock Issuable Weighted Average Exercise Price Average Remaining Contractual Life June 30, 2024 - - $ - - Granted 12,156,417 12,156,417 $ 11.50 5.00 Forfeited - - $ - - Exercised ( 10,500 ) ( 10,500 ) $ 11.50 - June 30, 2025 12,145,917 12,145,917 $ 11.50 4.24 The
Company accounted for the 12,145,917 Warrants assumed from the merger as equity instruments in accordance with ASC 480, “Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity” and ASC 815-40, “Derivatives and Hedging: Contracts in Entity’s Own Equity”. Cancellation
of Common Stock Held in Escrow On
September 26, 2024 (issuance date), pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement (see Note 4), 500,000 shares were deposited to a segregated
escrow account and would be release to the Old Foxx shareholders if and only if, prior to or upon the one-year anniversary of the Business
Combination Agreement, the Affordable Connectivity Program managed by the U.S. Federal Communication Commission is reauthorized by the
U.S. Congress with funding of no less than $ 4 billion in total for such reauthorized period; or otherwise be cancelled and forfeited
by the Registrant without consideration. On
February 18, 2025, these 500,000 shares have been cancelled and forfeited without consideration. F- 27 Note 17
— Fair value measurement The
Company did not have any assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June 30, 2024. The following table
provides information related to the Company’s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of June 30,
2025 and September 26, 2024 (issuance date): June 30,
    2025 Carrying Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Liabilities: Earnout liabilities $ - $ - $ - $ - Total $ - $ - $ - $ - September
    26, 2024 (issuance date) Carrying Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Other Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Liabilities: Earnout liabilities $ 5,688,007 $ - $ - $ 5,688,007 Total $ 5,688,007 $ - $ - $ 5,688,007 The
earnouts based on revenue have been classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy as the fair value is derived using a Monte Carlo simulation
analysis in a risk neutral framework, which uses a combination of observable (Level 2) and unobservable (Level 3) inputs. Key estimates
and assumptions impacting the fair value measurement include the Company’s revenue forecasts as well as the assumptions listed
in tables below. The fair value measurement associated with the earnout liability is highly sensitive to changes in stock price and forecasted
amounts for revenue through June 30, 2025. Any changes to stock price and forecasted revenues through June 30, 2025 will result in remeasurement
of the earnout liability and could result in material gains or losses being recognized in the statement of operations. The
Company estimated the fair value per share of the underlying common stock based, in part, on the results of third-party valuations and
additional factors deemed relevant. The risk-free interest rate was determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve for time
periods approximately equal to the remaining contractual term of the earnouts. Prior
to the Business Combination, the Company was a private company and lacked company-specific historical and implied volatility information
of its stock, and as such, the expected revenue volatility was based on historical volatility of industry outlook and the expected revenue
volatility and stock volatility was based on the historical volatility of publicly traded peer companies for a term equal to the remaining
expected term of the earnout period. The
following table presents the observable and unobservable inputs of the earnout liability for earnout shares based on revenue targets
as of September 26, 2024 (issuance date): September 26, 2024 Inputs Input
    Method Input
    Value Simulated forecast of base monthly
    revenue Unobservable $ 7.4 million Industry revenue growth Unobservable 1.7 % Revenue volatility Unobservable 30.5 % Stock volatility Unobservable 103.2 % Stock price Observable $ 11.20 Risk-free rate Observable 4.16 % Term Observable 0.76 Years June
    30, 2025 Inputs Input
    Method Input
    Value Actual revenue Unobservable $ 5.5 million Term Observable 0.00 Years F- 28 The
following table summarizes the activity for the Company’s Level 3 instruments measured at fair value on a recurring basis: Earnout Liabilities Balance as of June 30, 2024 $ - Issuances – September 26,
    2024 5,688,007 Change
    in fair value ( 5,688,007 ) Balance as of June 30, 2025 $ - Note 18
— Concentrations of risks (a) Major
customers For
the year ended June 30, 2025, three customers, customer A, customer B and customer C, which are the third parties of the Company, accounted
for 27 %, 25 % and 25 %, respectively, of the Company’s total revenues. For
the year ended June 30, 2024, three customers, customer D, customer A and customer E, which are the third parties of the Company, accounted
for 41 %, 29 % and 16 % of the Company’s total revenues. (b) Major
suppliers For
the year ended June 30, 2025, one supplier, supplier A, which is a third party of the Company, accounted for 93 % of the Company’s
total purchases. For
the year ended June 30, 2024, three suppliers, supplier A, supplier B and supplier C, which is a third party of the Company, accounted
for 49 %, 31 % and 18 % of the Company’s total purchases. (c) Geographic
areas For
the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, all of the Company’s long-lived assets are located in the United States and all of
the Company’s revenues are derived solely from the United States, accordingly, no geographical information is presented. Note 19
— Leases Short-term
leases The
Company rented a mailbox for $ 450 per month from November 1, 2022 to October 31, 2024. The Company terminated this lease on
August 5, 2023. On
August 1, 2023, the Company entered a twelve-month lease agreement to rent a general office and storage space for its purchased
inventory for a monthly rental fee of $ 100 . The Company renewed the lease for another twelve months at a monthly rental fee of $ 200 . On
August 14, 2023, the Company entered a six-month lease agreement to rent an office for operating purposes with a monthly rental
fee of $ 550 . After the initial six-month term, the lease has been renewed on a month-to-month basis. On
September 18, 2023, the Company entered a month-to-month rental agreement to rent a dorm for the employee with a monthly rent of
$ 3,000 . F- 29 Long-term
leases In
September 2023, the Company signed a three-year lease agreement to rent a general office and storage space for business operation
with a monthly rent of $ 3,096 , plus varied monthly CAM. The commencement date of this lease is October 1, 2023 and has no renewal
option. On July 17, 2024, the Company extended the lease for another 35 months to be commenced on October 1, 2026 and ended August 31,
2029. The Company considered this lease as an operating lease and recognized right-of-use asset and lease liability. The Company recognized
lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term for operating lease. In
June 2024, the Company signed a six years and 11.5 months lease agreement to rent a general office for business operation with a monthly
rent of $ 3,500 , plus varied monthly CAM. The commencement date of this lease is June 15, 2024 and the expiration date is May 31,
2031 . The Company considered this lease as an operating lease and recognized right-of-use asset and lease liability. The Company recognized
lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term for operating lease. On
July 17, 2024, the Company signed a five-year and one-half month lease agreement to rent a general office and storage space for business
operation with a monthly rent of $ 10,534 , plus varied monthly CAM. The commencement date of this lease is August 15, 2024 and has
no renewal option. The Company considered this lease as an operating lease and recognized right-of-use asset and lease liability. The
Company recognized lease expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term for operating lease. On
July 12, 2024, the Company signed and further amended a ten-year lease agreement to rent a 101,145 square feet factory and warehouse
for business operation, which will be commenced on July 1, 2025. On December 20, 2024, the Company further expanded the existing lease
to include additional 102,099 square feet with a commencement date of January 1, 2026 (See Note 20 for details). The
ROU assets and lease liabilities are determined based on the present value of the future minimum rental payments of the lease as of the
adoption date, using incremental borrowing rate as the effective interest rate, with a weighted average rate of 4.07 %. As
of June 30, 2025 and 2024, the weighted-average remaining operating lease term of its existing leases is approximately 4.51 year and 5.68 year. The
following table sets forth the Company’s minimum long-term lease   payments in future periods as of June 30, 2025, which
represents the operating lease liabilities on the accompanying balance sheet: Operating lease payments For
    the twelve months ending June 30, 2026 $ 251,566 For
    the twelve months ending June 30, 2027 260,287 For
    the twelve months ending June 30, 2028 270,941 For
    the twelve months ending June 30, 2029 283,141 For
    the twelve months ending June 30, 2030 92,377 Thereafter 50,437 Total
    lease payments 1,208,749 Less:
    discount ( 107,397 ) Present
    value of operating lease liabilities 1,101,352 Operating
    lease liabilities, current portion ( 211,525 ) Operating
    lease liabilities, non-current portion $ 889,827 Operating
lease expenses consist of the following: Operating
    lease cost Classification For
    the Year Ended June 30, 2025 For
    the Year Ended June 30, 2024 Lease
    expenses General, and administrative $ 245,801 $ 37,713 Lease
    expenses – short term General,
    and administrative 14,726 26,000 Total
    operating lease cost $ 260,527 $ 63,713 For
the years ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, $ 175,607 and $ 33,260 of cash were used for operating lease liabilities, respectively. F- 30 Note 20
— Commitments and contingencies Contingencies From
time to time, the Company is a party to certain legal proceedings, as well as certain asserted and un-asserted claims. Amounts accrued,
as well as the total amount of reasonably possible losses with respect to such matters, individually and in the aggregate, are not deemed
to be material to the consolidated financial statements. On
November 22, 2024, a plaintiff filed Semensato v. Foxx Development Holdings Inc., et al., No. 2024-1200 (Del. Ch. Ct.), a class
action complaint (“Complaint”) in Delaware Chancery Court against the Company and certain “Individual Defendants”
(“Joy” Yi Hua, Haitao Cui, “Jeff” Feng Jiang, “Eva” Yiqing Miao and Edmund R. Miller) (“Action”).
The lawsuit seeks declaratory relief under provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law relating to a waiver of the corporate opportunity
doctrine that is contained in the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The plaintiff seeks a declaration
that the waiver provision is invalid, an injunction against the Company and the Individual Defendants to prevent them from attempting
to enforce the waiver, attorneys’ fees, and the costs and disbursements of this action. The Company and each of the Individual
Defendants deny any and all wrongdoing alleged in the Complaint. However, to avoid the cost and distraction of litigation, the directors
of the board of the Company (the “Board”) determined that it was advisable and in the best interests of the Company and its
stockholders to amend Article X of the Charter (the “Amendment”). The Board thus approved and adopted the Second Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (the “Amended Charter”), and will direct the Amendment to be submitted
to the stockholders of the Company for adoption and approval at the next annual meeting of stockholders with the Board’s recommendation
that the Amendment be approved and adopted by the stockholders of the Company. On
March 3, 2025, after the plaintiff was advised of the Board’s approval of the Amended Charter, the plaintiff filed a notice of
voluntary dismissal of the Action as moot, which the Court approved by order dated March 4, 2025. Believing that the swift resolution
of this Action was in the best interests of and benefit to the Company, and without admitting the allegations the plaintiff made in the
Complaint, the Company has agreed to pay $ 85,000 (the “Mootness Fee,” inclusive of a $ 500 service award to the plaintiff)
to the plaintiff’s counsel to resolve the anticipated application by the plaintiff’s counsel for an award of attorneys’
fees and reimbursement of expenses. The fee was paid by the Company on March 18, 2025. In connection with the March 13, 2025 stipulated
order closing the case, the Court ordered that the Company provide this notice. The Court has not and will not pass judgment on the amount
of the Mootness Fee. Lease
Commitment On
July 12, 2024, the Company signed a seven-year lease agreement to rent a

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components and equipment,
enabling us to offer reliable and innovative solutions to the end-users. In February 2024, we partnered with a branded device Original Equipment
Manufacturer (“OEM”) and started developing a 4G LTE kids smartwatch for major US Mobile Network Operator (“MNO”)
and MVNO carriers. Our first generation wearable devices were launched in the first calendar quarter of 2025 through our E-Commerce channels. Concurrently, we have been
developing our second generation smartwatches for kids that incorporate LTE and Bluetooth technologies. Once we complete the development
and certification of the products, we expect to sell such products to third-party distributors, as well as through open-market retail
and E-Commerce channels. The launch date for the second generation smartwatches for kids is in the fourth calendar quarter of 2025. 6 Smart Home Solutions We expanded our business
into smart home market segments. In July 2025, we successfully launched our first product “Leak Shield”, a smart water leak
detector we developed through our strategic technology partnership with APEC Water Systems (“APEC”), a premier U.S. manufacturer
of water filtration systems. We worked closely with APEC throughout the product development process, bringing expertise in IoT connectivity,
mobile app development, and sensor integration to create the APEC Smart Water Leak Detector (SKU: SMTD-001-1PK). Target
End-Users Our
current product lines are tailored to cater to the following types of end-users: Budget
Conscious/Practical Shopper: These individuals are meticulous researchers who make informed decisions. They seek practical tablets and
smartphones to seamlessly navigate their daily digital activities, including browsing, attending online lectures, messaging, social media
interactions, calls, web browsing, GPS navigation, and photography. First-Time Tablets
or Smartphone Users: Embodying the essence of social connectivity, these users are driven by a fear of missing out among peers. They
are highly active online, engaging primarily in messaging, photo-sharing, gaming, and staying updated within their social circles. Despite
limited purchasing power, they aspire for visually appealing tablets phones with unique features, typically acquired through initial
jobs or parental support. Parents
of First-Time Tablets or Smartphone Users: These individuals seek capable yet budget-friendly tablets and smartphones for their
children, understanding the importance of providing essential educational or daily functionalities without straining their finances.
With considerable purchasing power in some instances, they often begin their search online, prioritizing terms such as “best value”
or “affordable”. Influenced significantly by pricing and reviews, they prioritize obtaining the best value proposition for
their children’s needs. Strategic
Approach to Sales and Distribution Third
Party Customer-Driven Sales Model Since inception, we have
been employing the strategy of engaging with distributors who purchase products from us and then market our products to consumers through
the networks of prominent telecommunications carriers across the United States. We have been able to achieve substantial sales by
working with customers who have existing relationships with prominent telecommunications carriers and can efficiently sell our products,
allowing us to build presence in the market. We also entered into multiple master agreements with Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNOs),
broadening our reach and delivering sophisticated telecommunications solutions to an extensive consumer base. Diversified Sales Approach In prior years, we actively
sought qualification for and participated in national initiatives aimed at enhancing the affordability and accessibility of communication
services for individuals with limited income. As a certified supplier for the FCC’s Lifeline and Affordable Connectivity Program
(ACP), we played a vital role in efforts to ensure essential communication services are economically accessible. Even though we continue
to serve as a key supplier for the Lifeline Program, we have diversified our product offerings to target customers who are interested
in other mobile devices, tablets, and IoT products. In addition, we launched our products through TikTok Shop in March 2024 and various
online E-Commerce platforms such as BestBuy.com, Walmart.com, Amazon, Shein, Newegg and Mercado Libre in 2025. We have been actively expanding
our presence in the digital marketplace and expect to increase our sales through a variety of leading E-Commerce channels. We believe
this approach not only broadens our reach but also caters to the preferences of digital consumers, offering them convenient access to
our telecommunications solutions. By integrating into various sales channels, both indirect and digital, we are committed to providing
high-quality products to a wide audience, driving our growth, and enhancing our position in the competitive electronics market. 7 Internal
Support In
order to maximize product accessibility across the United States, we have a team of dedicated internal sales staff and key sales agents
who manage a network of hundreds of customers spread across seven major regions. In addition to managing direct partnerships with these
customers, our internal sales team also collaborates with prominent telecommunications carriers, enabling our products to be available
for sale online and in the physical retail stores of these carriers. Competitive
Advantages We
stand out in the competitive communications market by leveraging its foundational advantages and core operational strategies, which encompass
a range of competitive strengths crucial for maintaining and enhancing Foxx’s market position: Geographical
Location and Market Presence We have established a comprehensive
network anchored by our key operational facilities across various strategic locations. We are headquartered in Irvine, CA, where we have
established a center that integrates sales, retail and distribution, and after-sale support services, and research and development
of customization capabilities. The Irvine office serves as the epicenter for our research and development and sales and marketing activities,
highlighting our commitment to innovation and market expansion. The Dallas, TX, and Atlanta, GA offices play instrumental roles in executing
our sales and marketing initiatives and providing essential operational support. In addition, our Singapore office serves as the epicenter
for both our supply chain management and our research and development efforts in Southeast Asia. This strategic distribution of roles
and responsibilities across our office locations allows operational efficiency and market responsiveness. We also maintain a strong
sales presence in major metropolitan areas such as Los Angeles, CA, Dallas, TX, and New York, NY.  These strategic locations
are carefully selected to maximize our market penetration and facilitate direct engagement with our diverse customer base. Through this
geographically diverse presence, we offer comprehensive after-sales services and tailored solutions, thereby reinforcing our commitment
to customer satisfaction and technological leadership in the electronics industry. Experienced
Management Team Our
leadership team has decades of combined experience across various aspects of the communications sector, with more than 20 years
of experience in major domestic and overseas electronics companies, having held leadership and management roles. Mr. Greg Foley,
our Chief Executive Officer, has more than 25 years of experience in leading the sales and marketing of electronic products. Mr. James
Liao, our Chief Technology Officer, has a background in electrical engineering and has been leading product innovation and development
projects for more than 25 years. Mr. Haitao Cui, our Director and Executive Vice President, also has a background in electrical
and engineering automation and over 25 years of experience in sales and marketing of electronics. Our experienced team comprehensively
understands market dynamics, consumer demands, and technological trends. We rely on their insights and strategic decision-making to
effectively navigate the complex market and to adapt and grow amidst constantly changing industry conditions. 8 Build-to-Order
Business Model We
manage our inventory and meet market demand through our build-to-order business model. Our sales begin with receiving bulk purchase
orders with general product designs, specifications, and budgets from our customers, who are third-party distributors specializing
in selling mobile phones and tablets to end-users through sales channels. We then provide our customers advice on adjustments and
customize the products to secure the desired performance within their budget. Once the product specification is determined, we work with
suppliers to build customized products that meet such our customers’ expectations. Over time, by listening to the demands and specifications
of our customers, we have been able to deliver high-quality, high-performance products that our customer trust and value. Our business
model allows us to effectively manage inventory costs and mitigate risks associated with changes in customer demand. We secure steady
revenue from bulk purchase orders placed by the customers. The
orders we receive from customers provide us with a great opportunity to understand market trends and customer demand. Direct relationships
with our customers give us an advantage in observing the changes in market demands. As a result, we can develop new models based on our
understanding of the market. After establishing a market presence through our customers, we can further diversify our revenue and profit
streams. We take our own Foxx-branded products as an initiative to innovate. Our growth strategy involves reaching more end-users through
maintaining the relationship with current customers and cultivating relationship with new customers. We aim to optimize the balance of
liquidity, profitability, and growth with a focus on increasing the mix of our product portfolio to higher-margin products and recurring
revenue streams. Research
and Development/Innovation Capability We
have strong competitive advantages in our product design and innovation capabilities. Moreover, we have resources that allow us to outsource
customized research and development capabilities as needed, thereby gaining additional insights into the market and developing more robust
product design and customization standards. Our innovative product planning keeps us at the forefront of technological trends, ensuring
that the company remains as the forerunner in introducing novel and high-performance products to the market. Supply
Chain Management We
have efficiently managed our supply chain through diversification of sources, strategic partnerships, optimized logistics, and efficient
inventory management, all of which have contributed to our current success. We have cultivated strong relationships with multiple suppliers
in Indonesia and Southeast Asian countries. This capability enables the company to maintain a balance between supply and demand, reduce
operational costs, and promptly respond to market changes, thereby enhancing competitiveness and customer satisfaction. Quality
Control Quality
is the cornerstone of our value proposition. We implement strict quality control measures at every stage of the manufacturing process
in our original equipment manufacturer factories, from material procurement to manufacturing processes and final product testing. Our
commitment to quality ensures that all our products meet the highest reliability and performance standards, fostering trust and loyalty
among customers and setting us apart from our competitors. These competitive advantages
contribute to our success and resilience in the market. The combination of experienced leadership, innovation, efficient supply chain
management, and stringent quality control positions us as a leader in the communication section. This enables us to deliver exceptional
value to customers and stakeholders alike. Growth
Strategies with IoT Cloud Platform Our
IoT Cloud Platform We have developed a cloud
platform that connects all our devices to a secure central server, creating a unified ecosystem. The platform brings significant
benefits, particularly in systematized upgrades, more efficient IoT operations, improved human-machine interactions, enhanced data
analytics, and smarter decision-making. The
cloud platform is able to streamline the upgrade process for our devices. Centralized cloud server management allows for efficient updates,
patches, and new features across our product line, ensuring devices remain up to date with the latest advancements and security measures,
significantly enhancing performance and customer satisfaction. We
prioritize data security and reliability in designing and developing the platform because we understand that the reliability of our cloud
infrastructure is the foundation for continuous service, trust, and confidence among customers. To achieve this, we plan to establish
our centralized server in Irvine, CA for secured data storage and management. 9 The
platform facilitates comprehensive data analytics and insights, allowing users to gain valuable insights into their personal information
and habits from connected device data. These insights enable informed decisions, efficient operations, personalized experiences, and
customized solutions based on individual behavior and preferences. Our
cloud platform is designed to offer the following functionalities: ● Firmware-over-the-air (FOTA)
    software upgrade. ● Launch new software releases. ● Device and sensors management. ● SIM cards activation, provisioning
    and management. ● Data usage monitoring,
    reporting and billing management. ● Using Application Programming
    Interfaces (API) & Software Development Kit (SDK) to integrate many device types and IoT protocols. ● Enable both “upward”
    integration with existing cloud service providers (e.g. Amazon Web Services (AWS)) and “downward” integration with 3 rd party
    application for various IoT verticals (e.g., smart home, healthcare, smart building, etc.). ● IoT data management &
    analytics using artificial intelligence (AI) or machine learning (ML) algorithms. ● Storing data from production
    processes locally to prevent security breaches. ● Data security, firewall,
    cyberattack alert and prevention, data backup. ● Provide IoT standard —
    MATTER certification (in plan). ● 24x7 technical support. This open platform allows
compatibility and interoperability with a wide range of device types, IoT protocols, and ecosystems. It not only serves as a device management
platform for Foxx’s own communication terminals (such as smartphones, tablets, and IoT sensors) but also offers software development
kits and application programming interfaces to other device manufacturers and third-party application developers. This design allows
third-party devices and apps to integrate with our cloud platform seamlessly. Additionally, our infrastructure is designed to interact
with multiple cloud providers, including Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud Platform, and Microsoft Azure. We believe that our unique model,
which combines IoT modules, devices, data, the cloud platform, and services, positions us to deliver comprehensive end-to-end IoT
solutions to our customers. We launched the first generation of our IoT cloud platform in the third
calendar quarter of 2024. We allocated time and resources since the first calendar quarter of 2024 to finalize the design and setup of
the cloud platform that integrates with the AWS system. The first generation of our IoT cloud platform leverages AWS cloud services and
AWS IoT Core services in addition to the customized development by us to provide device management, user management, data management
and security management functions. 10 We developed a second generation
of our IoT cloud platform, driven by the vision of a much more inclusive and smarter IoT platform that is compatible with all our devices
and potentially products from other brands. This platform integrates more advanced technologies researched and developed by Foxx, with
the potential scalability to connect tens of millions of devices. This platform was launched to the market in the fourth calendar quarter
of 2024. Our second generation IoT cloud platform involves a full IoT PaaS with the fundamental capabilities of device management,
control and status management, user management, access and permission, and physical model management. It supports comprehensive and modern
IoT communication protocols. In addition, the second generation IoT platform has full IoT SaaS capabilities with openness and flexibilities
of integrating with different IoT verticals, which enables developing customized and compatible services on multiple protocols module,
vertical module, Edge module, mobile devices module, and online customized module. It will also provide front-end apps (Android/iOS
mobile apps) to the end-users to manage and monitor their IoT devices, and offer multi-tenants services including data, notification,
alert, subscription, visualization, and devices interoperable services. Smart
Home Solutions Our Smart Home Solutions can be divided into three categories: Home
Security, Home Safety, and Home Care. “Leak Shield”, the smart water leak detector, was the first “Home Safety”
product we launched. In the “Home Security” category, we have been developing a solar-powered 4G LTE outdoor security camera
and plan to launch this product in the fourth calendar quarter of 2025. To achieve the goal of offering reliable and eco-friendly surveillance
solutions, Foxx has incorporated the following features into this product: 1) These cameras can operate independently of traditional power
sources, making them ideal for remote areas like cabins, farms, or construction sites; 2) With the ability to connect to both Wi-Fi and
4G LTE, these cameras offer flexibility in placement and connectivity options; and 3) The integration of 4G connectivity allows for real-time
data transfer and remote access, enhancing the monitoring capabilities. Our 4G LTE outdoor security camera is expected to launch in the
market in the fourth calendar quarter of 2025. In the “Home Care” category, we plan to develop software applications that
will integrate with our wearable products. To achieve our goal of becoming
a “one-stop shop” for smart home solutions, we source products that are essential ancillary devices and components of
a full smart home management solution including Home Security, Home Safety, and Home Care from various suppliers that manufacture high-quality products.
We will integrate the appropriate modules that we will develop, using various open-source AI algorithms and technologies, into the
final products we offer. These products will be designed to allow 1) compatibility with other smart home management solutions we offer
and 2) connectivity with the rest of Foxx-branded products. IoT
in Automotive We
have been developing a 4G LTE dashcam as our first foray into the IoT in Automotive market segment. A dashcam with LTE (Long-Term Evolution)
is a type of dashboard camera that is equipped with a cellular data connection. With LTE connectivity, a dashcam can provide real-time
data transfer, allowing the users to view their dashcams’ live stream and remotely access their dashcams. Users can also benefit
from automatic cloud uploads, which makes it easy to access their footage from anywhere. Our 4G LTE dashcam is expected to be launched
in the market in the fourth calendar quarter of 2025. We
are in the process of developing a 4G LTE jump starter and a 4G LTE tracker for commercial use. Such devices with 4G connection are smart,
networked tools with advanced features like remote tracking, over-the-air (OTA) updates, and fleet management. Both products are expected
to be launched in the fourth calendar quarter of 2025. 11 IoT
Modules We
are building a portfolio of IoT modules, which are hardware or software components that enable devices to connect to the Internet and
share data with other connected devices and systems. Our portfolio includes a wide range of IoT modules, including 4G LTE Cat 1 bis,
Cat 4, Cat M, NB-IoT, 5G, 5G Redcap, 5G AI, Bluetooth, and Wi-Fi modules. These modules enable the connectivity and intelligence
of IoT devices, allowing them to collect, transmit and process data, and communicate with other devices and systems. Currently, we have
completed the development and pre-production work for the LTE Cat 1 bis, Cat 4, Cat M/NB-IoT, and Bluetooth modules and will
undergo lab testing. We have launched these modules in the first calendar quarter of 2025. We have started to develop 5G modules, 5G
Redcap modules, and 5G AI modules, which may potentially launch in the first half of
2026 . Warranties
and Customer Services We
provide a one-year warranty on its products, offering after-sales service support to dealers in two ways. Dealers can opt for
direct product replacement by us, or they can choose to receive 2% after-sales service spares from Foxx. In the latter case, our
customers handle after-sales service to end-users independently after exhausting the supplied spares, without further support
from us. Competition We
believe the principal competitive factors impacting the market for our products are features and functionality, performance, quality
and brand. To maintain and improve our competitive position, we must continue to expand our user base, invest in research and development,
grow our distribution network, and leverage our strategic relationships. Our
products compete with a variety of solutions providers in different market segments. Our current competitors include: ● Smartphones and Tablets — Motorola,
    Inseego, HMD, TCL, Vortex, Tinno, BLU, Sky, Maxwest, and Hot Pepper. ● IoT Products — Netgear,
    Franklin Wireless, TCL and ZTE. As
the market for our solutions and services expands, other entrants may seek to compete with us either directly or indirectly. Intellectual
Property Trademarks Trademarks Registration
    Number Jurisdiction Registration
    Date 5,864,015 U.S. September 17,
    2019 6,205,214 U.S. November 20,
    2020 87,944,543 U.S. June 1,
    2018 12 Domain
Names Domain Registration
    Date Expiration
    Date www.foxxusa.com August 3, 2017 August 3, 2028 Patents We
do not currently have any registered patents. However, our research and development team is actively assessing our customizations, specifications,
and other technical expertise and know-how currently protected as trade secrets. We plan to file patents to safeguard our technical
expertise and innovations. Research
and Development For
the year ended June 30, 2025, our research and development expenses amounted to approximately $ 2.2
million, a significant portion directed towards the development of new products. Our
strategic allocation of spending in product research and development reflects our commitment to innovation and technological advancement
in emerging sectors. To achieve our goals in IoT product development, we have engaged, and may continue to engage, in outsourcing collaborations
with industry-leading partners, leveraging their expertise and resources to accelerate our progress and ensure the delivery of cutting-edge solutions. Employees As of the date of this report,
we had 25 full-time employees. We believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees, and we have not experienced
any material labor disputes. Department Number of Employees Customer Service 1 Sales and Marketing 5 Product Research and Testing 6 Information Technology 1 Human Resources and Administration 3 Finance 3 Operations 6 Total 25 Certifications For
open market products including U.S. E-Commerce sites, retail stores and distributor channels, etc., we have conducted FCC and
Google Mobile Services test and obtained corresponding certifications. 13 FCC
certification is to ensure that an eligible electronics device only produces safe levels of radio frequency (RF). For more information,
see “ Government Regulation — FCC Equipment Authorization ” below. GMS
refers to a selected array of Google proprietary applications and services that embody the company’s core values (such as Chrome,
Gmail, YouTube, Maps, PlayStore, etc.). Android devices need the GMS certification to run all the Google proprietary applications, without
which, the device will not be able to operate any of these applications. Government
Regulation FCC
Equipment Authorization In
the United States, the FCC regulates RF devices. RF devices, including components used in cell phones, routers, and other devices
we sell, are devices capable of emitting radio frequencies by radiation, conduction, or other means. An RF device being imported, marketed,
or used in the United States is subject to the equipment authorization requirements established by the FCC and cannot be imported,
marketed, or used without complying with such requirements. Equipment authorization requirements are intended to ensure that RF devices
comply with the FCC’s emissions, power level, and other technical rules. FCC
Covered List Pursuant
to the Secure and Trusted Communications Networks Act of 2019, the FCC created and maintains a list (Covered List) of telecommunications
services and equipment that pose an unacceptable risk to the national security of the United States. The FCC periodically updates
the Covered List, and companies that appear on the Covered List are subject to change based on the security determinations of the FCC
and other U.S. Federal agencies with which the FCC works. Categories of equipment made by companies, including equipment manufactured
by their subsidiaries or affiliates, on the Covered List cannot be authorized in the United States. Environmental
Matters Our
facilities and operations, in common with those of our industry in general, are not subject to domestic or international laws and regulations
designed to environmental protections. We have always been dedicated to environmental protection. With a steadfast commitment to sustainable
development, the brand prioritizes environmentally friendly materials in the composition, manufacturing processes, and design of its
products. It adopts eco-friendly manufacturing processes, showcasing innovative designs that emphasize a low carbon footprint, green
practices, and energy efficiency principles. Each product embodies our comprehensive approach, seamlessly integrating environmental values
into material selection, production techniques, and overall design philosophy. 14 ITEM
1A.

