TICKER: FTAI
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain disruptions, labor issues, environmental concerns (including climate change), lack of capital, cost inflation, and weak or volatile economic conditions. A number of governments have implemented, or are considering implementing, a broad variety of governmental actions or new regulations for the financial markets and international trade. In addition, limitations on the availability of capital, higher costs of capital for financing expenditures or the desire to preserve liquidity, may cause our current or prospective customers and lessees to make reductions in future capital budgets and spending. Further, demand for our assets is related to passenger and cargo traffic growth, which in turn is dependent on general business and economic conditions. Global economic downturns could have an adverse impact on passenger and cargo traffic levels and consequently our customers’ and lessees’ business, which may in turn result in a significant reduction in revenues, earnings and cash flows, difficulties accessing capital and a deterioration in the value of our assets. We have in the past been exposed to increased credit risk from our customers and lessees and third parties who have obligations to us, which resulted in non-performance of contracts by our customers and lessees and adversely impacted our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We cannot assure you that similar loss events may not occur in the future. Instability in geographies where we have assets or where we derive revenue could have a material adverse effect on our business, customers, lessees, operations and financial results. Economic, civil, military and political uncertainty exists and may increase in regions where we operate and derive our revenue. Various countries in which we operate are experiencing and may continue to experience military action and civil and political unrest. We have assets in the emerging market economies of Eastern Europe, including some assets in Russia. In late February 2022, Russian military forces launched significant military action against Ukraine. The conflict remains ongoing and sustained conflict and disruption in the region is likely. The impact to Russia and Ukraine, as well as actions taken by other countries, including new and stricter export controls and sanctions by Canada, the United Kingdom, the European Union, the U.S. and other countries and organizations against officials, individuals, regions, and industries in Russia and Ukraine, and each country’s potential response to such sanctions, tensions and military actions, could have a material adverse effect on our business and delay or prevent us from accessing certain of our assets. We are actively monitoring the security of our remaining assets in the region. The aviation industry has experienced periods of oversupply during which lease rates and asset values have declined, particularly during economic downturns, and any future oversupply could materially adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. The oversupply of a specific asset is likely to depress lease rates for and the value of that type of asset and result in decreased utilization of our assets, and the aviation industry has experienced periods of oversupply during which rates and asset values have declined, particularly during economic downturns. Factors that could lead to such oversupply include, without limitation: • general demand for the type of assets that we purchase; • general macroeconomic conditions, including market prices for commodities that our assets may serve; • geopolitical events, including war, prolonged armed conflict and acts of terrorism; • outbreaks of communicable diseases and natural disasters; • governmental regulation, including on international trade; • interest rates; • the availability of credit; • potential reduced cash flows and financial condition, including potential liquidity restraints; • restructurings and bankruptcies of companies in the industries in which we operate, including our customers and lessees; • manufacturer production levels and technological innovation; • manufacturers merging or exiting the industry or ceasing to produce certain asset types; • retirement and obsolescence of the assets that we own, maintain, repair or exchange; and • increases in supply levels of assets in the market due to the sale or merging of operating lessors. These and other related factors are generally outside of our control and could lead to (i) persistence of, or increase in, the oversupply of the types of assets that we acquire, maintain, repair or exchange or (ii) decreased utilization of our assets, either of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations and cash flow. The aviation industry is heavily regulated, and if we fail to comply with applicable requirements, our results of operations could suffer. Governmental agencies throughout the world, including the Federal Aviation Administration (“FAA”), Transport Canada, and European Union Aviation Safety Agency, prescribe standards and qualification requirements for aircraft components, including virtually all commercial airline and general aviation products. Specific regulations vary from country to country, although compliance with FAA requirements generally satisfies regulatory requirements in other countries. If any material authorization or 9 approval qualifying us to supply our products is revoked or suspended, then sale of the product would be prohibited by law, which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The FAA and equivalent regulatory agencies in other jurisdictions in which we operate have increasingly focused on the need to assure that airline industry products are designed with sufficient cybersecurity controls to protect against unauthorized access or other unwanted compromise. A failure to meet these evolving expectations could negatively impact sales into the industry and expose us to legal or contractual liability. From time to time, the FAA or equivalent regulatory agencies in other countries propose new regulations or changes to existing regulations, which often are more stringent than existing regulations. If such proposals are adopted and enacted, we may incur significant additional costs to achieve compliance, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The retirement or prolonged grounding of commercial aircraft could reduce our revenues and the value of any related inventory. We sell aircraft components and replacement parts. If aircraft or engines for which we offer aircraft components and replacement parts are retired or grounded for prolonged periods of time and there are fewer aircraft that require these components or parts, our revenues may decline as well as the value of any related inventory. Contractual defaults may adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by decreasing revenues and increasing storage, positioning, collection, recovery and lost equipment expenses. The success of our business depends in large part on the success of the operators in the sectors in which we participate. Cash flows from our assets are substantially impacted by our ability to collect compensation and other amounts to be paid in respect of such assets from the lessees with whom we enter into leases or other contractual arrangements with lessees or customers. Inherent in the nature of the leases and other arrangements for the use of such assets is the risk that we may not receive, or may experience delay in realizing, such amounts to be paid. While we target the entry into contracts with credit-worthy counterparties, no assurance can be given that such counterparties will perform their obligations during the term of the leases or other contractual arrangements. In addition, when counterparties default, we may fail to recover all of our assets, and the assets we do recover may be returned in damaged condition or to locations where we will not be able to efficiently lease or sell them. In most cases, we maintain, or require our lessees to maintain, certain insurances to cover the risk of damages or loss of our assets. However, these insurance policies may not be sufficient to protect us against a loss. Depending on the specific sector, the risk of contractual defaults may be elevated due to excess capacity as a result of oversupply during the most recent economic downturn. We lease assets to our lessees pursuant to fixed-price contracts, and our lessees then seek to utilize those assets to transport goods and provide services. If the price at which our lessees receive for their transportation services decreases as a result of an oversupply in the marketplace, then our lessees may be forced to reduce their prices in order to attract business (which may have an adverse effect on their ability to meet their contractual lease obligations to us), or may seek to renegotiate or terminate their contractual lease arrangements with us to pursue a lower-priced opportunity with another lessor, which may have a direct, adverse effect on us. See “-The aviation industry has experienced periods of oversupply during which lease rates and asset values have declined, particularly during economic downturns, and any future oversupply could materially adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows.” Any default by a material customer or lessee would have a significant impact on our profitability at the time the customer or lessee defaulted, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. In addition, some of our counterparties may reside in jurisdictions with legal and regulatory regimes that make it difficult and costly to enforce such counterparties’ obligations. We acquire a high concentration of CFM-56-5B, CFM56-7B and V2500 engines and related parts and our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected by changes in market demand or problems specific to that asset or sector. We acquire a high concentration of CFM-56-5B, CFM56-7B and V2500 engines and related parts and our business and financial results could be adversely affected by sector-specific or asset-specific factors. If the market demand for such engines and related parts declines, it is redesigned or replaced by its manufacturer or it experiences design or technical problems, the value and rates relating to such asset may decline, and we may be unable to lease or sell such engines or related parts on favorable terms, if at all. Any decrease in the value and rates of our assets may have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We operate in highly competitive markets. The markets for our products and services are highly competitive. Market competition for opportunities to acquire aviation assets includes traditional transportation companies, commercial and investment banks, as well as a growing number of non-traditional participants, such as hedge funds, private equity funds and other private investors. Some of these competitors may have access to greater amounts of capital and/or to capital that may be committed for longer periods of time or may have different return thresholds than us, and thus these competitors may have certain advantages not shared by us. In addition, competitors may have incurred, or may in the future incur, leverage to finance their debt investments at levels or on terms more favorable than those available to us. Strong competition for investment opportunities could result in fewer such opportunities for us, as certain of these competitors have established and are establishing investment vehicles that target the same types of assets that we intend to purchase. 10 Market competition for our Aerospace Products business includes engine manufacturers, engine component and parts manufacturers, airline and aircraft service companies, companies providing maintenance, repair and overhaul services and aircraft spare parts distributors and redistributors. Some of our competitors may have longer operating histories, greater financial resources and lower costs of capital than us, and consequently, may be able to compete more effectively in one or more of our target markets. We likely will not always be able to compete successfully with our competitors and competitive pressures or other factors may also result in significant price competition, particularly during industry downturns, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The success of our Aerospace Products segment is dependent upon our ability to manage our operational footprint. We currently perform maintenance, repair and exchange activities at our maintenance facilities in the United States, Canada and Europe. Our maintenance facilities could become unavailable either temporarily or permanently due to labor disruptions at any of our facilities or other circumstances that may be beyond our control, such as geopolitical developments or logistical complications arising from catastrophic and weather-related events. Potential logistical complications resulting from circumstances beyond our control may include, but are not limited to, power loss, telecommunication and information systems failures, or other internal or external system or service failures, accidents or incidents arising from acts of war, terrorism, cyber-attacks, weather, global climate change, earthquakes, hurricanes, fires, floods, tornadoes, explosions or other natural disasters or pandemics, including public health crises. If any of these events were to occur at or around any of our facilities, this could result in potential damage to physical assets and we may be unable to shift work to other facilities or to make up for lost work, which could result in a prolonged interruption of our business, significant delays in shipments of products, the loss of sales and customers and large expenses to repair or replace the facility or facilities. We may not have insurance to adequately compensate us for any of these events. If insurance or other risk transfer mechanisms, such as existing disaster recovery and business continuity plans, are insufficient to recover all costs, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Certain liens may arise on our assets. Certain of our assets are currently subject to liens under our third amended and restated revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”. In the event of a default under the Revolving Credit Facility, the lenders thereunder would be permitted to take possession of or sell such assets. In addition, our currently owned assets and assets that we purchase in the future may be subject to other liens based on the industry practices relating to such assets. Until they are discharged, these liens could impair our ability to repossess, re-lease or sell our assets, and to the extent our lessees do not comply with their obligations to discharge any liens on the applicable assets, we may find it necessary to pay the claims secured by such liens in order to repossess such assets. Such payments could materially adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. The values of our assets may fluctuate due to various factors. The fair market values of our assets may decrease or increase depending on a number of factors, including the prevailing level of charter or lease rates from time to time, general economic and market conditions affecting our target markets, type and age of assets, supply and demand for assets, competition, new governmental or other regulations and technological advances, all of which could impact our profitability and our ability to lease, develop, operate, or sell such assets. In addition, our assets depreciate as they age and may generate lower revenues and cash flows. We must be able to replace such older, depreciated assets with newer assets, or our ability to maintain or increase our revenues and cash flows will decline. In addition, if we dispose of an asset for a price that is less than the depreciated book value of the asset on our balance sheet or if we determine that an asset’s value has been impaired, we will recognize a related charge in our Consolidated Statement of Operations and such charge could be material. We may not generate a sufficient amount of cash or generate sufficient free cash flow to fund our operations or repay our indebtedness. As of December 31, 2025, we had $3.4 billion of indebtedness outstanding. Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness depends on our ability to generate cash flow in the future. This ability, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. If we do not generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, including interest payments and the payment of principal at maturity, we may have to undertake alternative financing plans, such as refinancing or restructuring our debt, selling assets, reducing or delaying capital investments or seeking to raise additional capital. We cannot provide assurance that any refinancing would be possible, that any assets could be sold, or, if sold, of the timeliness and amount of proceeds realized from those sales, that additional financing could be obtained on acceptable terms, if at all, or that additional financing would be permitted under the terms of our various debt instruments then in effect. Furthermore, our ability to refinance would depend upon the condition of the finance and credit markets. Our inability to generate sufficient free cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our obligations on commercially reasonable terms or on a timely basis, would materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 11 Our use of joint ventures or partnerships may present unforeseen obstacles or costs. We have acquired and may in the future acquire interests in certain assets in cooperation with third-party partners or co-investors through jointly-owned acquisition vehicles, joint ventures or other structures. In these co-investment situations, our ability to control the management of such assets depends upon the nature and terms of the joint arrangements with such partners and our relative ownership stake in the asset, each of which will be determined by negotiation at the time of the investment. Such arrangements present risks not present with wholly-owned assets, such as the possibility that a co-investor becomes bankrupt, develops business interests or goals that conflict with our interests and goals in respect of the assets, all of which could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, we expect to utilize third-party contractors to perform services and functions related to the operation and leasing of our assets. These functions may include billing, collections, recovery and asset monitoring. Because we do not directly control these third parties, there can be no assurance that the services they provide will be delivered at a level commensurate with our expectations, or at all. The failure of any such third-party contractors to perform in accordance with our expectations could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our Strategic Capital Initiative involves certain risks which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. On December 30, 2024, we announced the launch of a Strategic Capital Initiative in collaboration with third-party institutional investors. The first partnership under the initiative, the 2025 Partnership, focuses on acquiring 737NG and A320ceo aircraft. The Strategic Capital Initiative, and its related partnerships, allow us to maintain an asset-light business model while the partnerships actively acquire on-lease narrowbody aircraft at scale. The 2025 Partnership, and follow-on partnerships, is the primary buyer of all future on-lease 737NG and A320ceo aircraft. We provide aircraft management services to the 2025 Partnership, and the Company receives customary, market-based compensation for providing such services. The Company has also made a minority capital commitment and will make additional commitments in the 2025 Partnership. We expect to provide aircraft management services to, and make minority investments in, future partnerships. Our Strategic Capital Initiative is subject to certain risks, which include, but are not limited to: • Market Risk . Difficult market conditions may adversely affect our Strategic Capital Initiative in many ways, including by negatively impacting the 2025 Partnership and future partnerships’ ability to raise or deploy capital, lowering servicing fees and profit participation distributions, increasing the cost of financial instruments and executing transactions and adversely affecting the performance of the partnerships’ investments. In addition, market or idiosyncratic factors may make it difficult to raise new capital from investors into the Strategic Capital Initiative. Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. • Liquidity Risk . Our Strategic Capital Initiative may invest in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets and may fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time, if at all. • Valuation Risk . Valuation methodologies for certain assets held by our Strategic Capital Initiative are subject to significant subjectivity and the values established pursuant to such methodologies may never be realized, which could result in significant losses from our Strategic Capital Initiative. • Key Personnel Risk . Our business and financial condition may be materially adversely impacted by the loss of any of the key investment professionals involved in our Strategic Capital Initiative. Our ability to retain and attract investment professionals is critical to the success and growth of our Strategic Capital Initiative. In addition, evaluating transactions for our Strategic Capital Initiative may divert the time and attention of our management from other parts of our business. • Litigation Risk . One of our subsidiaries is the Servicer of the 2025 Partnership and we expect to serve as Servicer of future partnerships. As Servicer, we may be subject to the risk of litigation by third parties, including investors in our Strategic Capital Initiative dissatisfied with our management of the 2025 Partnership and future partnerships or the performance thereof. • Allocation and Conflicts of Interest Risk . The 2025 Partnership, and follow-on partnerships, is the primary buyer of all future on-lease 737NG and A320ceo aircraft. In the future, we may agree to allocate buying opportunities for certain assets to other partnerships. In addition, potential conflicts of interest may arise with respect to our decisions regarding how to allocate investment opportunities between us and partnerships in our Strategic Capital Initiative. Allocating investment opportunities appropriately frequently involves significant and subjective judgments. Investors in our Strategic Capital Initiative and our shareholders may perceive conflicts of interest regarding such investment decisions, which could harm our reputation with such investors and our shareholders. • Leverage Risk . Our Strategic Capital Initiative utilizes leverage in investments, which could materially adversely affect its ability to achieve positive rates of return on those investments. The use of leverage poses a significant degree of risk, including by significantly increasing the risk of loss associated with leveraged investments that decline in value, and enhances the possibility of a significant loss in the value of the investments made by our Strategic Capital Initiative. • Risks of loss related to our investment . We made a minority capital commitment and will make additional commitments in the 2025 Partnership and expect to make minority investments in future partnerships. Our investments are subject to the risk of loss if the 2025 Partnership and future partnership do not perform well. In addition, we will receive servicing fees and profit participation distributions for the services we provide to the 2025 Partnership and expect to perform for 12 future partnerships. If the 2025 Partnership and future partnerships are not successful, that will have an adverse affect on our results of operations and cash flows. • Regulatory Risk . Tariffs, sanctions and other restrictions imposed by the U.S. government, and the potential for further regulatory changes, may create regulatory uncertainty and adversely affect the investment strategies and the profitability of the 2025 Partnership and future partnerships. In addition, changes in laws or regulations could affect our ability to continue to execute on our Strategic Capital Initiative in a manner that does not require us or any of our subsidiaries to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act or as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act. • Diligence Risk . The due diligence process that our Strategic Capital Initiative undertakes in connection with its investments may not reveal all facts that may be relevant in connection with making an investment. • Hedging and Risk Management . Risk management activities may materially adversely affect the return on our Strategic Capital Initiative’s investments. When managing our Strategic Capital Initiative’s exposure to market risks, we expect to use hedging strategies, and if our risk management processes and systems are ineffective, we may be exposed to material unanticipated losses. The partnerships in our Strategic Capital Initiative and its investments may be subject to numerous additional risks, which we may not be able to foresee or anticipate. Many of these factors are outside of our control and any one of them could result in a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to the risks and costs of obsolescence of our assets. Technological and other improvements expose us to the risk that certain of our assets may become technologically or commercially obsolete. For example, as manufacturers introduce technological innovations and new types of aircraft and engines, our engines and related parts could become less desirable to potential lessees and maintenance and repair customers. Such technological innovations may increase the rate of obsolescence of existing aircraft and our engines faster than currently anticipated by us. It could also adversely affect the performance of our maintenance facilities if they are not able to perform the required maintenance and repairs or necessitate us to invest significant capital to upgrade our facilities. In addition, the imposition of increased regulation regarding stringent noise or emissions restrictions may make some of our aircraft and engines less desirable and less valuable in the marketplace. Any of these risks may adversely affect our ability to lease or sell our aircraft, engines and related parts and conduct maintenance, repair and exchanges on favorable terms, if at all, which could materially adversely affect our operating results and growth prospects. The inability to obtain certain components from suppliers could harm our business. Our business is affected by the availability and price of the component parts that we use to maintain or repair our engines or for our partners to manufacture products. Our ability to manage inventory and meet delivery requirements may be constrained by our suppliers’ ability to adjust delivery of long-lead time products during times of volatile demand. The supply chains for our business could also be disrupted by external events such as natural disasters, extreme weather events, pandemics, labor disputes, governmental actions such as tariffs and legislative or regulatory changes. As a result, our suppliers may fail to perform according to specifications when required and we may be unable to identify alternate suppliers or to otherwise mitigate the consequences of their non-performance. Transitions to new suppliers may lead to significant costs and delays, particularly due to the recertification of newly supplied parts, as required by our customers, lessees, and/or regulatory agencies. Our inability to fill our supply needs could jeopardize our ability to fulfill obligations under contracts, which could result in reduced revenues and profits, contract penalties or terminations, and damage to lessee and customer relationships. Further, increased costs of such components could reduce our profits if we were unable to pass along such price in-creases to our customers and lessees. We could be negatively impacted by environmental, social, and governance (ESG) and sustainability-related matters. Governments, investors, customers, lessees, employees and other stakeholders are increasingly focusing on corporate ESG practices and disclosures, and expectations in this area are rapidly evolving. We have announced, and may in the future announce, sustainability-focused investments, partnerships and other initiatives and goals. These initiatives, aspirations, targets or objectives reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our efforts to accomplish and accurately report on these initiatives and goals present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal, and other risks, any of which could have a material negative impact, including on our reputation and stock price. In addition, the standards for tracking and reporting on ESG matters are relatively new, have not been harmonized and continue to evolve. Our selection of disclosure frameworks that seek to align with various voluntary reporting standards may change from time to time and may result in a lack of comparative data from period to period. Moreover, our processes and controls may not always align with evolving voluntary standards for identifying, measuring, and reporting ESG metrics, our interpretation of reporting standards may differ from those of others, and such standards may change over time, any of which could result in significant revisions to our goals or reported progress in achieving such goals. In this regard, the criteria by which our ESG practices and disclosures are assessed may change due to the quickly evolving landscape, which could result in greater expectations of us and cause us to undertake costly initiatives to satisfy such new criteria. The increasing attention to corporate ESG initiatives could also result in increased investigations and litigation or threats thereof. If we are unable to satisfy such new criteria, investors may conclude that our ESG and sustainability practices are inadequate. If we fail or are perceived to have 13 failed to achieve previously announced initiatives or goals or to accurately disclose our progress on such initiatives or goals, our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely impacted. Our assets generally require routine maintenance, and we may be exposed to unforeseen maintenance costs. We may be exposed to unforeseen maintenance costs for our assets associated with a lessee’s or charterer’s failure to properly maintain the asset. We enter into leases with respect to some of our assets pursuant to which the lessees are primarily responsible for many obligations, which generally include complying with all governmental requirements applicable to the lessee or charterer, including operational, maintenance, government agency oversight, registration requirements and other applicable directives. Failure of a lessee or charterer to perform required maintenance during the term of a lease or charter could result in a decrease in value of an asset, an inability to re-lease or charter an asset at favorable rates, if at all, or a potential inability to utilize an asset. Maintenance failures would also likely require us to incur maintenance and modification costs upon the termination of the applicable lease or charter; such costs to restore the asset to an acceptable condition prior to re-leasing, charter or sale could be substantial. Any failure by our lessees to meet their obligations to perform required scheduled maintenance or our inability to maintain our assets could materially adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our customers and lessees operate in highly regulated industries and changes in laws or regulations, including laws with respect to international trade, may adversely affect our ability to lease or sell our assets. Our customers and lessees operate in highly regulated industries such as aviation. A number of our contractual arrangements - for example, our leasing of aircraft engines to third-party operators require the operator (our lessee) to obtain specific governmental or regulatory licenses, consents or approvals. These include consents for certain payments under such arrangements and for the export, import or re-export of the related assets. Failure by our lessee or, in certain circumstances, by us, to obtain certain licenses and approvals could negatively affect our ability to conduct our business. In addition, the shipment of goods, services and technology across international borders subjects the operation of our assets to international trade laws and regulations. Moreover, many countries, including the United States, control the export and re-export of certain goods, services and technology and impose related export recordkeeping and reporting obligations. Governments also may impose economic sanctions against certain countries, persons and other entities that may restrict or prohibit transactions involving such countries, persons and entities. If any such regulations or sanctions affect the asset operators that are our customers, lessees, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. We may not be able to renew or obtain new or favorable leases, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our ability to renew existing leases or obtain new leases will also depend on prevailing market conditions, and upon expiration of the contracts governing the leasing of the applicable assets, we may be exposed to increased volatility in terms of rates and contract provisions. For example, our lessees may reduce their activity levels or seek to terminate or renegotiate their leases with us. If we are not able to renew or obtain new leases in direct continuation, or if new leases are entered into at rates substantially below the existing rates or on terms otherwise less favorable compared to existing contractual terms, or if we are unable to sell assets for which we are unable to obtain new contracts or leases, our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Litigation to enforce our contracts and recover our assets has inherent uncertainties that are increased by the location of our assets in jurisdictions that have less developed legal systems. While some of our contractual arrangements are governed by New York law and provide for the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the state of New York, our ability to enforce our counterparties’ obligations under such contractual arrangements is subject to applicable laws in the jurisdiction in which enforcement is sought. While some of our existing assets are used in specific jurisdictions, transportation and aviation assets by their nature generally move throughout multiple jurisdictions in the ordinary course of business. As a result, it is not possible to predict, with any degree of certainty, the jurisdictions in which enforcement proceedings may be commenced. Litigation and enforcement proceedings have inherent uncertainties in any jurisdiction and are expensive. These uncertainties are enhanced in countries that have less developed legal systems where the interpretation of laws and regulations is not consistent, may be influenced by factors other than legal merits and may be cumbersome, time-consuming and even more expensive. For example, repossession from defaulting lessees may be difficult and more expensive in jurisdictions whose laws do not confer the same security interests and rights to creditors and lessors as those in the United States and where the legal system is not as well developed. As a result, the remedies available and the relative success and expedience of collection and enforcement proceedings with respect to the owned assets in various jurisdictions cannot be predicted. To the extent more of our business shifts to areas outside of the United States and Europe, such as Asia and the Middle East, it may become more difficult and expensive to enforce our rights and recover our assets. Our international operations involve additional risks, which could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We and our customers and lessees operate in various regions throughout the world. As a result, we may, directly or indirectly, be exposed to political and other uncertainties, including risks of: • terrorist acts, armed hostilities, war and civil disturbances; • acts of piracy; 14 • potential cybersecurity attacks; • significant governmental influence over many aspects of local economies; • seizure, nationalization or expropriation of property or equipment; • repudiation, nullification, modification or renegotiation of contracts; • limitations on insurance coverage, such as war risk coverage, in certain areas; • political unrest; • foreign and U.S. monetary policy and foreign currency fluctuations and devaluations; • the inability to repatriate income or capital; • complications associated with repairing and replacing equipment in remote locations; • import-export quotas, wage and price controls, imposition of trade barriers; • U.S. and foreign sanctions or trade embargoes; • restrictions on the transfer of funds into or out of countries in which we operate; • compliance with U.S. Treasury sanctions regulations restricting doing business with certain nations or specially designated nationals; • regulatory or financial requirements to comply with foreign bureaucratic actions; • compliance with applicable anti-corruption laws and regulations; • changing taxation policies, including confiscatory taxation; • other forms of government regulation and economic conditions that are beyond our control; and • governmental corruption. Any of these or other risks could adversely impact our customers’ and lessees’ international operations which could materially adversely impact our operating results and growth opportunities. We may make acquisitions in emerging markets throughout the world, and investments in emerging markets are subject to greater risks than developed markets and could adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. To the extent that we acquire assets in emerging markets - which we may do throughout the world - additional risks may be encountered that could adversely affect our business. Emerging market countries have less developed economies and infrastructure and are often more vulnerable to economic and geopolitical challenges and may experience significant fluctuations in gross domestic product, interest rates and currency exchange rates, as well as civil disturbances, government instability, nationalization and expropriation of private assets and the imposition of taxes or other charges by government authorities. In addition, the currencies in which investments are denominated may be unstable, may be subject to significant depreciation and may not be freely convertible or may be subject to the imposition of other monetary or fiscal controls and restrictions. Emerging markets are still in relatively early stages of their development and accordingly may not be highly or efficiently regulated. Moreover, emerging markets tend to be shallower and less liquid than more established markets which may adversely affect our ability to realize profits from our assets in emerging markets when we desire to do so or receive what we perceive to be their fair value in the event of a realization. In some cases, a market for realizing profits from an investment may not exist locally. In addition, issuers based in emerging markets are not generally subject to uniform accounting and financial reporting standards, practices and requirements comparable to those applicable to issuers based in more developed countries, thereby potentially increasing the risk of fraud and other deceptive practices. Settlement of transactions may be subject to greater delay and administrative uncertainties than in developed markets and less complete and reliable financial and other information may be available to investors in emerging markets than in developed markets. In addition, economic instability in emerging markets could adversely affect the value of our assets subject to leases in such countries, or the ability of our lessees, which operate in these markets, to meet their contractual obligations. As a result, lessees that operate in emerging market countries may be more likely to default under their contractual obligations than those that operate in developed countries. Liquidity and volatility limitations in these markets may also adversely affect our ability to dispose of our assets at the best price available or in a timely manner. As we have and may continue to acquire assets located in emerging markets throughout the world, we may be exposed to any one or a combination of these risks, which could adversely affect our operating results. We are actively evaluating potential acquisitions of assets and operating companies in other aviation sectors which could result in additional risks and uncertainties for our business and unexpected regulatory compliance costs. While our existing portfolio primarily consists of assets in the aviation sector, we are actively evaluating potential acquisitions of assets and operating companies in sectors of the aviation market in which we do not currently operate and we plan to be flexible as other attractive opportunities arise over time. To the extent we make acquisitions in other sectors, we will face numerous risks and uncertainties, including risks associated with the required investment of capital and other resources and with combining or integrating operational and management systems and controls. Entry into certain lines of business may subject us to new laws and regulations and may lead to increased litigation and regulatory risk. Many types of transportation assets, including certain aviation assets, are subject to registration requirements by U.S. governmental agencies, as well as foreign governments if such 15 assets are to be used outside of the United States. Failing to register the assets, or losing such registration, could result in substantial penalties, forced liquidation of the assets and/or the inability to operate and, if applicable, lease the assets. We may need to incur significant costs to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to any such new acquisition. The failure to comply with these laws and regulations could cause us to incur significant costs, fines or penalties or require the assets to be removed from service for a period of time resulting in reduced income from these assets. In addition, if our acquisitions in other sectors produce insufficient revenues, or produce investment losses, or if we are unable to efficiently manage our expanded operations, our results of operations will be adversely affected, and our reputation and business may be harmed. Implementing new or expanded platforms, products and services and keeping pace with technological or process developments in our industries may require significant capital and operational risk. The commercial and business aviation industries are constantly undergoing development and change, and it is likely that new products, platforms, equipment, digital tools and methods which are more advanced, will be introduced in the future. We may need to make significant expenditures to fund and implement new or expanded platforms and purchase new equipment. New or expanded platforms with new technologies typically carry risks associated with design responsibility, development of new production tools, hiring and training of qualified personnel, increased capital and funding commitments, ability to meet customer specifications, delivery schedules and unique contractual requirements, supplier performance, subcontractor performance, ability of the lessee to meet its contractual obligations to us, and our ability to accurately estimate costs associated with such platforms. We may face financial risks in connection with new or expanded platforms or technologies if we are not able to reduce the costs of these products over time, through experience and other measures, including the introduction of new designs, technologies, manufacturing methods and suppliers. In addition, any new or expanded platform may not generate sufficient demand or may experience technological problems or significant delays in the regulatory certification or manufacturing and delivery schedule. If we were unable to perform our obligations under new or expanded platforms to the customer’s satisfaction or expectations or manufacture products at our estimated costs, if we were to experience unexpected fluctuations in raw material prices or other fluctuations in supplier costs leading to cost overruns, if we were unable to successfully perform under revised design and manufacturing plans or successfully and equitably resolve claims and assertions, or if a new or expanded platform in which we had made a significant investment was terminated or experienced weak demand, delays or technological problems, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. This risk includes the potential for default, quality problems or failure to meet contractual requirements and could result in low margin or forward loss contracts, and the risk of having to write-off inventory or contract assets if they were deemed to be unrecoverable over the life of the platform. In addition, beginning new work on existing platforms carries risks associated with the transfer of technology, knowledge and tooling. Any of the foregoing risks or expenditures could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. To perform on new or expanded platforms, we may be required to construct or acquire new facilities, requiring additional up-front investment costs. In the case of significant platform delays and/or platform cancellations, we could be required to bear certain unrecoverable construction and maintenance costs and incur potential impairment charges for the new facilities. We also may need to expend additional resources to determine an alternate revenue generating use for the facilities. Likewise, significant delays in the construction or acquisition of a plant site could impact production schedules. In addition, we may need to make significant expenditures to keep pace with new technological or process developments in our industries. Technological development and expenditures pose a number of challenges and risks, including the following: • we may not be able to successfully protect the proprietary interests we have in our aftermarket services and component and accessory repair processes; • we may need to expend significant capital to (i) purchase new equipment and machines, (ii) train employees in new methods of servicing engines, components or parts and (iii) fund the research and development of new platforms; and • development by our competitors of patents or methodologies that preclude us from providing aftermarket services could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may not be able to successfully develop new products, equipment or methods of repair and overhaul service, and the failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The agreements governing our indebtedness place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries, reducing operational flexibility and creating default risks. The agreements governing our indebtedness, including, but not limited to, the indentures governing our senior unsecured notes due 2028, 2030, 2031, 2032 and 2033 (“Senior Notes”) and (the Revolving Credit Facility), contain covenants that place restrictions on us and our subsidiaries. The indentures governing our Senior Notes and the Revolving Credit Facility restrict among other things, our a nd certain of our subsidiaries’ ability to: • merge, consolidate or transfer all, or substantially all, of our assets; • incur additional debt or issue preferred shares; • make certain investments or acquisitions; • create liens on our or our subsidiaries’ assets; • sell assets; 16 • make distributions on or repurchase our shares; • enter into transactions with affiliates; and • create dividend restrictions and other payment restrictions that affect our subsidiaries. These covenants could impair our ability to grow our business, take advantage of attractive business opportunities, pay dividends on our ordinary shares or successfully compete. A breach of any of these covenants could result in an event of default. Cross-default provisions in our debt agreements could cause an event of default under one debt agreement to trigger an event of default under our other debt agreements. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under any of our debt agreements, the lenders or holders thereof could elect to declare all outstanding debt under such agreements to be immediately due and payable. Terrorist attacks or other hostilities could negatively impact our operations and our profitability and may expose us to liability and reputational damage. Terrorist attacks may negatively affect our operations. Such attacks have contributed to economic instability in the United States and elsewhere, and further acts of terrorism, violence or war could similarly affect world trade and the industries in which we and our customers and lessees operate. In addition, terrorist attacks or hostilities may directly impact airports or aircraft or our physical facilities or those of our lessees. In addition, it is also possible that our assets could be involved in a terrorist attack or other hostilities. The consequences of any terrorist attacks or hostilities are unpredictable, and we may not be able to foresee events that could have a material adverse effect on our operations. Although our lease and charter agreements generally require the counterparties to indemnify us against all damages arising out of the use of our assets, and we carry insurance to potentially offset any costs in the event that our lessee indemnifications prove to be insufficient, our insurance does not cover certain types of terrorist attacks, and we may not be fully protected from liability or the reputational damage that could arise from a terrorist attack which utilizes our assets. Projects in the aerospace products and services sector are exposed to a variety of unplanned interruptions which could cause our results of operations to suffer. Projects in the aerospace products and services sector are exposed to unplanned interruptions caused by breakdown or failure of equipment, aging infrastructure, employee error or contractor or subcontractor failure, limitations that may be imposed by equipment conditions or environmental, safety or other regulatory requirements, fuel supply or fuel transportation reductions or interruptions, labor or legal disputes, difficulties with the implementation or operation of information systems, power outages, pipeline or electricity line ruptures, catastrophic events, such as hurricanes, cyclones, earthquakes, landslides, floods, explosions, fires, or other disasters. Any equipment or system outage or constraint can, among other things, reduce sales, increase costs and affect the ability to meet regulatory service metrics, customer expectations and regulatory reliability and security requirements. Operational disruption, as well as supply disruption, and increased government oversight could adversely impact the cash flows available from these assets. In addition, the cost of repairing or replacing damaged assets could be considerable. Repeated or prolonged interruption may result in temporary or permanent loss of customers, substantial litigation or penalties for regulatory or contractual non-compliance, and any loss from such events may not be recoverable under relevant insurance policies. Although we believe that we are adequately insured against these types of events, no assurance can be given that the occurrence of any such event will not materially adversely affect us. Our leases typically require payments in U.S. dollars, but many of our lessees operate in other currencies; if foreign currencies devalue against the U.S. dollar, our lessees may be unable to meet their payment obligations to us in a timely manner. Our current leases typically require that payments be made in U.S. dollars. If the currency that our lessees typically use in operating their businesses devalues against the U.S. dollar, our lessees could encounter difficulties in making payments to us in U.S. dollars. Furthermore, many foreign countries have currency and exchange laws regulating international payments that may impede or prevent payments from being paid to us in U.S. dollars. Future leases may provide for payments to be made in euros or other foreign currencies. Any change in the currency exchange rate that reduces the amount of U.S. dollars obtained by us upon conversion of future lease payments denominated in euros or other foreign currencies, may, if not appropriately hedged by us, have a material adverse effect on us and increase the volatility of our earnings. Our inability to obtain sufficient capital would constrain our ability to grow our portfolio and to increase our revenues. We have used and may continue to employ leverage to finance our operations. Accordingly, our ability to successfully execute our business strategy and maintain our operations depends on the availability and cost of debt and equity capital. Additionally, our ability to borrow against our assets is dependent, in part, on the appraised value of such assets. If the appraised value of such assets declines, we may be required to reduce the principal outstanding under our debt facilities or otherwise be unable to incur new borrowings. We can give no assurance that the capital we need will be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. Our inability to obtain sufficient capital, or to renew or expand our credit facilities, could result in increased funding costs and would limit our ability to: • meet the terms and maturities of our existing and future debt facilities; • purchase new assets or refinance existing assets; • fund our working capital needs and maintain adequate liquidity; and • finance other growth initiatives. 17 In addition, we conduct our operations so that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act or as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act. As such, certain forms of financing such as finance leases may not be available to us. Please see “- If we are deemed an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.” The effects of various environmental regulations may negatively affect the industries in which we operate which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We are subject to federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment, including those governing the discharge of pollutants to air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of contaminated sites and noise and emission levels and greenhouse gas emissions. Legislative and regulatory measures currently under consideration or being implemented by government authorities to address climate change could require reductions in our greenhouse gas or other emissions, establish a carbon tax or increase fuel or energy taxes. These legal requirements are expected to result in increased capital expenditures and compliance costs, and could result in higher costs and may require us to acquire emission credits or carbon offsets. These costs and restrictions could harm our business and results of operations by increasing our expenses or requiring us to alter our operations. The inconsistent international, regional and/or national requirements associated with climate change regulations also create economic and regulatory uncertainty. Under some environmental laws in the United States and certain other countries, strict liability may be imposed on the owners or operators of assets, which could render us liable for environmental and natural resource damages without regard to negligence or fault on our part. We could incur substantial costs, including cleanup costs, fines and third-party claims for property damage and personal injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental laws and regulations in connection with our or our lessee’s or charterer’s current or historical operations, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, a variety of new legislation is being enacted, or considered for enactment, at the federal, state and local levels relating to greenhouse gas emissions and climate change. While there has historically been a lack of consistent climate change legislation, further legislation and regulations are expected to continue in areas such as greenhouse gas emissions control, emission disclosure requirements and building codes or other infrastructure requirements that impose energy efficiency standards. Government mandates, standards or regulations intended to mitigate or reduce greenhouse gas emissions or projected climate change impacts could result in increased energy and transportation costs, and increased compliance expenses and other financial obligations to meet permitting or development requirements that we may be unable to fully recover (due to market conditions or other factors), any of which could result in reduced profits and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, there also is an increasing number of government policies and initiatives in the U.S. that may conflict with other regulatory requirements, resulting in regulatory uncertainty. While we typically maintain liability insurance coverage and typically require our lessees to provide us with indemnity against certain losses, the insurance coverage is subject to large deductibles, limits on maximum coverage and significant exclusions and may not be sufficient or available to protect against any or all liabilities and such indemnities may not cover or be sufficient to protect us against losses arising from environmental damage. In addition, changes to environmental standards or regulations in the industries in which we operate could limit the economic life of the assets we acquire or reduce their value, and also require us to make significant additional investments in order to maintain compliance, which would negatively impact our cash flows and results of operations. A cyberattack that bypasses our information technology (“IT”), security systems or the IT security systems of our third-party providers, causing an IT security breach, may lead to a disruption of our IT systems and the loss of business information which may hinder our ability to conduct our business effectively and may result in lost revenues and additional costs. Parts of our business depend on the secure operation of our IT systems and the IT systems of our third-party providers to manage, process, store, and transmit information associated with aircraft leasing. We have, from time to time, experienced threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks. A cyberattack that bypasses our IT security systems or the IT security systems of our third-party providers, causing an IT security breach, could adversely impact our daily operations and lead to the loss of sensitive information, including our own proprietary information and that of our customers, suppliers and employees. Such losses could harm our reputation and result in competitive disadvantages, litigation, regulatory enforcement actions, lost revenues, additional costs and liabilities. While we devote substantial resources to maintaining adequate levels of cybersecurity, our resources and technical sophistication may not be adequate to prevent all types of cyberattacks, and increased adoption of artificial intelligence could heighten these risks. We may not realize some or all of the targeted benefits of the Internalization. The failure to effectively complete the transition of the Former Manager’s services to a fully internal basis, efficiently manage the transition with the Former Manager or find adequate internal replacements for these services, could impede our ability to achieve the targeted cost savings of the Internalization and adversely affect our operations. In addition, complexities arising from the Internalization could increase our overhead costs and detract from management’s ability to focus on operating our business. There can be no assurance we will be able to realize the expected cost savings of the Internalization. 18 If we are deemed an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We conduct our operations so that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the Investment Company Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of the issuer’s total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Excluded from the term “investment securities,” among other things, are U.S. government securities and securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exception from the definition of investment company for certain privately-offered investment vehicles set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the Investment Company Act. We are a holding company that is not an investment company because we are engaged in the business of holding securities of our wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries, which are engaged in transportation and related businesses which lease assets pursuant to operating leases and finance leases. The Investment Company Act may limit our and our subsidiaries’ ability to enter into financing leases and engage in other types of financial activity because less than 40% of the value of our and our subsidiaries’ total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis can consist of “investment securities.” If we or any of our subsidiaries were required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, the registered entity would become subject to substantial regulation that would significantly change our operations, and we would not be able to conduct our business as described in this report. We have not obtained a formal determination from the SEC as to our status under the Investment Company Act and, consequently, any violation of the Investment Company Act would subject us to material adverse consequences. If we are deemed an “investment adviser” under the Investment Advisers Act, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We conduct our operations so that neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are required to register as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act. If we or one or more of our subsidiaries registers as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act, we will become subject to various requirements under the Investment Advisers Act, such as fiduciary duties to clients, anti-fraud provisions, substantive prohibitions and requirements, contractual and record-keeping requirements and administrative oversight by the SEC (primarily by inspection). In addition, if we or one or more of our subsidiaries registers as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act, we will be required to continually address potential conflicts between our interests and those of our clients. It is possible that actual, potential or perceived conflicts of interest could give rise to investor dissatisfaction, litigation or regulatory enforcement actions. If we or any of our subsidiaries are deemed to be out of compliance with any such rules and regulations, we may be subject to civil liability, criminal liability and/or regulatory sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our Articles, the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the ‘‘Cayman Companies Act’’) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a federal court of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Cayman) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (1) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (2) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be 19 enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. Risks Related to Taxation The Company has been and may be a passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) and it could be a controlled foreign corporation (“CFC”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which may result in adverse tax considerations for U.S. shareholders. We believe that the Company was treated as a PFIC in the taxable years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2023 (collectively with any other taxable years in which we are treated as a PFIC, the “PFIC Years”). Based on our analysis, the Company was not a PFIC for the taxable years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2025, and do not currently expect it to be a PFIC thereafter, however, no assurance can be given in that regard. In addition, the Company could be treated as a CFC for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any given taxable year. If you are a U.S. person and do not make a valid qualified electing fund (“QEF”) election with respect to us and each of our PFIC subsidiaries, then, unless we are a CFC and you own 10% or more of our shares (by vote or value), you would generally be subject to special deferred tax with respect to certain distributions on our shares, any gain realized on a disposition of our shares, and certain other events. These rules generally continue to apply to each shareholder who held our shares during any PFIC Year (“PFIC Holders”) and has not made either (i) a valid QEF election for the first PFIC Year in which such shareholder held our shares or (ii) certain other elections with respect to our shares under the PFIC rules, even if the Company is not treated as a PFIC for any subsequent taxable year. The effect of this deferred tax could be materially adverse to you. Alternatively, if you are a PFIC Holder and make a valid QEF election for us and each of our PFIC subsidiaries, or if we are a CFC and you own 10% or more of our shares (by vote or value), you will generally not be subject to those taxes, but could recognize taxable income with respect to our shares in excess of any distributions that we make to you, thus giving rise to so called “phantom income” and to a potential out-of-pocket tax liability. No assurances can be given that any given shareholder will be able to make a valid QEF election with respect to us or our PFIC subsidiaries. For any PFIC Year or taxable year of ours immediately following a PFIC Year, distributions made by us to a U.S. person will generally not be eligible for taxation at reduced tax rates generally applicable to “qualified dividends” paid by certain U.S. corporations and “qualified foreign corporations” to individuals. The more favorable rates applicable to other corporate dividends could cause individuals to perceive investment in our shares to be relatively less attractive than investment in the shares of other corporations, which could adversely affect the value of our shares. Investors should consult their tax advisors regarding the potential impact of these rules on their investment in us. To the extent we recognize income treated as effectively connected with a trade or business in the United States, we would be subject to U.S. federal income taxation on a net income basis, which could adversely affect our business and result in decreased cash available for distribution to our shareholders. If we are treated as engaged in a trade or business in the United States, the portion of our net income, if any, that is “effectively connected” with such trade or business would be subject to U.S. federal income taxation at maximum corporate rates, currently 21%. In addition, we may be subject to an additional U.S. federal branch profits tax on our effectively connected earnings and profits at a rate of 30%. The imposition of such taxes could adversely affect our business and would result in decreased cash available for distribution to our shareholders. Although we (or one or more of our non-U.S. corporate subsidiaries) are expected to be treated as engaged in a U.S. trade or business, it is currently expected that only a portion of our taxable income will be treated as effectively connected with such U.S. trade or business. However, no assurance can be given that the amount of effectively connected income will not be greater than currently expected, whether due to a change in our operations or otherwise. If there is not sufficient trading in our shares, or if 50% of our shares are held by certain 5% shareholders, we could lose our eligibility for an exemption from U.S. federal income taxation on rental income from our aircraft used in “international traffic” and could be subject to U.S. federal income taxation which would adversely affect our business and result in decreased cash available for distribution to our shareholders. We expect that we will be eligible for an exemption under Section 883 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), which provides an exemption from U.S. federal income taxation with respect to rental income derived from aircraft and ships used in international traffic by certain foreign corporations. No assurances can be given that we will continue to be eligible for this exemption as changes in our ownership or the amount of our shares that are traded could cause us to cease to be eligible for such exemption. To qualify for this exemption in respect of rental income, the lessor of the aircraft or ships must be organized in a country that grants a comparable exemption to U.S. lessors. The Cayman Islands and the Marshall Islands grant such exemptions. Additionally, certain other requirements must be satisfied. We can satisfy these requirements in any year if, for more than half the days of such year, our shares are primarily and regularly traded on a recognized exchange and certain shareholders, each of whom owns 5% or more of our shares (applying certain attribution rules), do not collectively own more 20 than 50% of our shares. Our shares will be considered to be primarily and regularly traded on a recognized exchange in any year if: (i) the number of trades in our shares effected on such recognized stock exchanges exceed the number of our shares (or direct interests in our shares) that are traded during the year on all securities markets; (ii) trades in our shares are effected on such stock exchanges in more than de minimis quantities on at least 60 days during every calendar quarter in the year; and (iii) the aggregate number of our shares traded on such stock exchanges during the taxable year is at least 10% of the average number of our shares outstanding in that class during that year. If we were not eligible for the exemption under Section 883 of the Code, we expect that our U.S. source rental income would generally be subject to U.S. federal taxation, on a gross income basis, at a rate of not in excess of 4% as provided in Section 887 of the Code. If, contrary to expectations, we or certain of our non-U.S. subsidiaries did not comply with certain administrative guidelines of the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”), such that 90% or more of the U.S. source rental income of the Company or any of such subsidiaries were attributable to the activities of personnel based in the United States (in the case of bareboat leases), or from “regularly scheduled transportation” as defined in such administrative guidelines (in the case of time charter leases), our, or such subsidiary’s, U.S. source rental income would be treated as income effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business in the United States. In such case, such U.S. source rental income would be subject to U.S. federal income taxation at the maximum corporate rate as well as state and local taxation. In addition, the Company or such subsidiary would be subject to the U.S. federal branch profits tax on its effectively connected earnings and profits at a rate of 30%. The imposition of such taxes could adversely affect our business and would result in decreased cash available for distribution to our shareholders. We or our subsidiaries may become subject to increased and/or unanticipated tax liabilities that may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Our subsidiaries are subject to income, withholding or other taxes in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions by reason of their jurisdiction of incorporation, activities and operations, where their assets are used or where the lessees of their assets (or others in possession of their assets) are located, and it is also possible that taxing authorities in any such jurisdictions could assert that we or our subsidiaries are subject to greater taxation than we currently face or otherwise anticipate. Further, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”), together with other countries comprising the membership of the “Inclusive Framework,” established “BEPS 2.0” initiative, which is aimed at (i) shifting taxing rights to the jurisdiction of the consumer and (ii) ensuring all companies pay a global minimum tax. Numerous countries, including European Union member states, have enacted or are expected to enact minimum tax legislation, and other countries may enact such legislation in the future. As a result of these developments, the tax laws of certain countries in which we and our affiliates do business have increased and may further increase our liabilities for taxes (and possibly interest and penalties), which could harm our business, cash flows, results of operations and financial position. For instance, Bermuda has enacted a corporate tax regime with a 15% rate to which the Company has been subject to beginning January 1, 2025. The impact on the Company of these legislative and regulatory changes will depend on the timing of implementation, the exact nature of each country's legislation, guidance and regulations thereon and their application by tax authorities either prospectively or retrospectively. In addition, a portion of certain of our non-U.S. corporate subsidiaries’ income is treated as effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business and is accordingly subject to U.S. federal income tax or may be subject to gross-basis U.S. withholding tax. It is possible that the IRS could assert that a greater portion of our or any such non-U.S. subsidiaries’ income is effectively connected income that should be subject to U.S. federal income tax or subject to withholding tax. Although certain provisions of the One Big Beautiful Bill Act, Pub. L. No. 119-21 (the “OBBA”) may provide to us a current cash tax benefit, we currently do not otherwise expect the enactment of the OBBA, nor the recent tariff policies of the U.S. federal government, to have a material impact on our financial statements. Risks Related to Our Shares The market price and trading volume of our ordinary and preferred shares may be volatile, which could result in rapid and substantial losses for our shareholders. The market price of our ordinary and preferred shares may be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations. In addition, the trading volume in our ordinary and preferred shares may fluctuate and cause significant price variations to occur. If the market price of our ordinary or preferred shares declines significantly, you may be unable to resell your shares at or above your purchase price, if at all. The market price of our ordinary and preferred shares may fluctuate or decline significantly in the future. Some of the factors that could negatively affect our share price or result in fluctuations in the price or trading volume of our shares include: • a shift in our investor base; • our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other comparable companies; • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; • changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; • announcements by us or our competitors of significant investments, acquisitions or dispositions; • the failure of securities analysts to cover our ordinary shares; • changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; • the operating and share price performance of other comparable companies; • prevailing interest rates or rates of return being paid by other comparable companies and the market for securities similar to our preferred shares; 21 • additional issuances of preferred shares; • whether we declare distributions on our preferred shares; • overall market fluctuations; • general economic conditions; and • developments in the markets and market sectors in which we participate. Stock markets in the United States have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. Market fluctuations, as well as general political and economic conditions, such as acts of terrorism, prolonged economic uncertainty, a recession or interest rate or currency rate fluctuations, could adversely affect the market price of our ordinary and preferred shares. Short sellers have and may in the future engage in activity intended to drive down the market price of our ordinary shares, which could in the future result in related governmental and regulatory scrutiny, among other effects. Short selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but rather has borrowed or intends to borrow from a third party with the intention of later buying lower priced identical securities to return to the lender. Accordingly, it is in the interest of a short seller of our ordinary shares for the price to decline. At any time, short sellers may publish, or arrange for the publication of, opinions or characterizations that are intended to create negative market momentum. Short selling reports can cause increased volatility in an issuer’s share price and result in regulatory and governmental inquiries. For example, in January 2025, several short seller reports were published which contained certain allegations against the Company (the “Short Seller Reports”). In response to the Short Seller Reports, the Audit Committee of our board of directors completed an internal investigation with the assistance of outside counsel and forensic accountants into the allegations in the Short Seller Reports. The internal investigation concluded that the allegations of misconduct in the Shore Seller Reports were all without merit. Any future inquiries or investigations conducted by a governmental organization or other regulatory body, or any future internal investigation could result in a material diversion of our management’s time and result in substantial cost and, in the event of an adverse finding, could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, any perceived or actual failure by us to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, and standards could have a significant impact on our reputation and expose us to legal risk and potential criminal and civil liability. An increase in market interest rates may have an adverse effect on the market price of our shares. One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our shares is our distribution rate as a percentage of our share price relative to market interest rates. If the market price of our shares is based primarily on the earnings and return that we derive from our investments and income with respect to our investments and our related distributions to shareholders, and not from the market value of the investments themselves, then interest rate fluctuations and capital market conditions will likely affect the market price of our shares. For instance, if market interest rates rise without an increase in our distribution rate, the market price of our shares could decrease, as potential investors may require a higher distribution yield on our shares or seek other securities paying higher distributions or interest. In addition, rising interest rates would result in increased interest expense on our outstanding and future (variable and fixed) rate debt, thereby adversely affecting cash flows and our ability to service our indebtedness and pay distributions. We are required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act to evaluate the effectiveness of our internal controls, and the outcome of that effort may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. As a public company, we are required to comply with Section 404 (“Section 404”) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Section 404 requires that we evaluate the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting at the end of each fiscal year and to include a management report assessing the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for that fiscal year. Section 404 also requires an independent registered public accounting firm to attest to, and report on, management’s assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting. The outcome of our review and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. During the course of our review, we may identify control deficiencies of varying degrees of severity, and we may incur significant costs to remediate those deficiencies or otherwise improve our internal controls. As a public company, we are required to report control deficiencies that constitute a “material weakness” in our internal control over financial reporting. If we discover a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, our share price could decline and our ability to raise capital could be impaired. Your percentage ownership in us may be diluted in the future. Your percentage ownership in FTAI Aviation Ltd. may be diluted in the future because of equity awards that we expect will be granted to our directors, officers and employees, as well as other equity instruments such as debt and equity financing. Our board of directors has adopted the FTAI Aviation Ltd. 2025 Omnibus Incentive Plan (the “Incentive Plan”), which provides for the grant of equity-based awards, including restricted shares, stock options, stock appreciation rights, performance awards, restricted share units, and other equity-based and non-equity based awards, to the directors, officers, employees, service providers, consultants and advisors who performed services for us, and to our directors, officers, employees, service providers, consultants and advisors. We initially reserved 5,750,000 ordinary shares for issuance under the Incentive Plan. As of December 31, 2025, rights relating to 5,738,844 of our ordinary shares were outstanding under the Incentive Plan. Sales or issuances of our ordinary shares could adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. 22 Sales of substantial amounts of our ordinary shares in the public market, or the perception that such sales might occur, could adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. The issuance of our ordinary shares in connection with property, portfolio or business acquisitions or the exercise of outstanding options or otherwise could also have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares. The incurrence or issuance of debt, which ranks senior to our ordinary shares upon our liquidation, and future issuances of equity or equity-related securities, which would dilute the holdings of our existing ordinary shareholders and may be senior to our ordinary shares for the purposes of making distributions, periodically or upon liquidation, may negatively affect the market price of our ordinary shares. We have incurred and may in the future incur or issue debt or issue equity or equity-related securities to finance our operations, acquisitions or investments. Upon our liquidation, lenders and holders of our debt and holders of our preferred shares (if any) would receive a distribution of our available assets before ordinary shareholders. Any future incurrence or issuance of debt would increase our interest cost and could adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. We are not required to offer any additional equity securities to existing ordinary shareholders on a preemptive basis. Therefore, additional issuances of ordinary shares, directly or through convertible or exchangeable securities warrants or options, will dilute the holdings of our existing ordinary shareholders and such issuances, or the perception of such issuances, may reduce the market price of our ordinary shares. Any preferred shares issued by us would likely have a preference on distribution payments, periodically or upon liquidation, which could eliminate or otherwise limit our ability to make distributions to ordinary shareholders. Because our decision to incur or issue debt or issue equity or equity-related securities in the future will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, nature or success of our future capital raising efforts. Thus, ordinary shareholders bear the risk that our future incurrence or issuance of debt or issuance of equity or equity-related securities will adversely affect the market price of our ordinary shares. Our determination of how much leverage to use to finance our acquisitions may adversely affect our return on our assets and may reduce funds available for distribution. We utilize leverage to finance many of our asset acquisitions, which entitles certain lenders to cash flows prior to retaining a return on our assets. While we target using only what we believe to be reasonable leverage, our strategy does not limit the amount of leverage we may incur with respect to any specific asset. The return we are able to earn on our assets and funds available for distribution to our shareholders may be significantly reduced due to changes in market conditions, which may cause the cost of our financing to increase relative to the income that can be derived from our assets. While we currently intend to pay regular quarterly dividends to our shareholders, we may change our dividend policy at any time. Although we currently intend to pay regular quarterly dividends to holders of our ordinary shares, we may change our dividend policy at any time. Our net cash provided by operating activities has been less than the amount of distributions to our shareholders. The declaration and payment of dividends to holders of our ordinary shares are at the discretion of our board of directors in accordance with applicable law after taking into account various factors, including actual results of operations, liquidity and financial condition, net cash provided by operating activities, restrictions imposed by applicable law, our taxable income, our operating expenses and other factors our board of directors deem relevant. There can be no assurance that we will continue to pay dividends in amounts or on a basis consistent with prior distributions to our investors, if at all. Because we are a holding company and have no direct operations, we will only be able to pay dividends from our available cash on hand and any funds we receive from our subsidiaries. Our indirect intermediate holding company subsidiary FTAI LLC is currently, and may in the future be, subject to certain covenants included in its financing agreements that limit its ability to make distributions to us. In addition, our existing indebtedness does, and our future indebtedness may, limit our ability to pay dividends on our ordinary and preferred shares. Furthermore, the terms of our preferred shares generally prevent us from declaring or paying dividends on or repurchasing our ordinary shares or other junior capital unless all accrued distributions on such preferred shares have been paid in full. Anti-takeover provisions in our Articles could delay or prevent a change in control. Provisions in our Articles may make it more difficult and expensive for a third party to acquire control of us even if a change of control would be beneficial to the interests of our shareholders. For example, our Articles provides for a staggered board, requires advance notice for proposals by shareholders and nominations, places limitations on convening shareholder meetings, and authorizes the issuance of preferred shares that could be issued by our board of directors to thwart a takeover attempt. The market price of our shares could be adversely affected to the extent that provisions of our operating agreement discourage potential takeover attempts that our shareholders may favor. If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they downgrade their recommendations regarding our ordinary shares, our share price and trading volume could decline. The trading market for our ordinary shares are influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts publish about us or our business. If any of the analysts who cover us downgrades our ordinary units or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, our ordinary share price may decline. If analysts cease coverage of us or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in turn could cause our ordinary share price or trading volume to decline and our ordinary shares to be less liquid. 23 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments We have no unresolved staff comments. Item 1C. Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy The Company’s cybersecurity is overseen by the Chief Executive Officer , who receives reports directly from other officers and individuals who perform services for the Company, including, but not limited to, the Information Security Steering Committee (“ISSC”), employing a risk-based methodology designed to safeguard the security, confidentiality, integrity, and availability of its information. The ISSC is tasked with developing an effective cyber strategy, establishing policies, and managing cyber risks within the organization. The Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel, along with the SVP of Technology and virtual Chief Information Security Officer (“vCISO”), collaborate with officers and individuals at the Company to formulate, implement, and enforce these policies. They help ensure that the ISSC considers best practices in its decision-making, and convenes quarterly or as needed to assess cybersecurity issues and supervise matters related to information security, fraud,

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, data protection, and privacy risks. The SVP of Technology and vCISO have extensive relevant knowledge and skills, and collectively bring decades of experience in the cybersecurity industry. To help identify and assess risks, we engage third-party advisors, leveraging standards such as the National Institute of Standards and Technology security framework (“NIST”). The results of these assessments inform the development of cybersecurity controls and risk mitigation strategies, which are then implemented throughout the Company. We have taken proactive measures intended to minimize the likelihood of successful cyberattacks, including the establishment of incident response procedures designed to address potential cyber threats that may arise. These response procedures are structured with the aim to identify, analyze, contain, and remediate any cyber incidents that occur. We also have risk management processes to oversee and help identify risks from cybersecurity threats associated with our use of third-party providers. To date, cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have not materially affected and we believe are not reasonably likely to affect the Company, including its business strategy, results of operations or financial condition. Refer to the risk factor captioned “A cyberattack that bypasses our information technology (“IT”) security systems or the IT security systems of our third-party providers, causing an IT security breach, may lead to a disruption of our IT systems and the loss of business information which may hinder our ability to conduct our business effectively and may result in lost revenues and additional costs.” in Part I,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components primarily for the CFM56-7B, CFM56-5B and V2500 commercial aircraft engines . Our engine, module and parts sales are facilitated through a dedicated commercial maintenance program, designed to focus on modular and parts repair and refurbishment of CFM56-7B and CFM56-5B engines. In addition, other serviceable used modules and parts are sold through our ex clusive partnership, who is responsible for the teardown, repair, marketing and sales of parts from our CFM56 engine pool. We also hold a 25% interest in the Advanced Engine Repair JV which focuses on developing new cost savings programs for engine repairs. On December 30, 2025, the Company announced the launch of FTAI Power, a platform focused on converting CFM56 engines to power turbines. Aviation Leasing As of December 31, 2025, in our Aviation Leasing segment, we own and manage 290 aviation assets, consisting of 47 commercial aircraft and 243 engines, including eight aircraft and seventeen engines that were still located in Russia. As of December 31, 2025, 37 of our commercial aircraft and 143 of our engines were leased to operators or other third parties. Aviation assets currently off lease are either undergoing repair and/or maintenance, being prepared to go on lease or held in short term storage awaiting a future lease. Our aviation equipment was approximately 77% utilized during the three months ended December 31, 2025, based on the percent of days on-lease in the quarter weighted by the monthly average equity value of our aviation leasing equipment, excluding airframes. Our aircraft currently have a weighted average remaining lease term of 44 months, and our engines currently on-lease have an average remaining lease term of 38 months. The table below provides additional information on the assets in our Aviation Leasing segment, including transfers which involve aircraft breakdowns, engine transfers from leasing equipment to inventory for manufacturing and sales, and engine transfers from inventory to leasing equipment for rebuilding and sales: Aviation Assets Widebody Narrowbody Total Aircraft Assets at January 1, 2025 5 104 109 Purchases — 28 28 Sales — (47) (47) Transfers — (43) (43) Assets at December 31, 2025 5 42 47 Engines Assets at January 1, 2025 23 289 312 Purchases — 113 113 Sales (5) (216) (221) Transfers — 39 39 Assets at December 31, 2025 18 225 243 On December 30, 2024, we announced the launch of a Strategic Capital Initiative in collaboration with third-party institutional investors. The Strategic Capital Initiative, and its related partnerships, allows us to maintain an asset-light business model while the partnerships actively acquire on-lease narrowbody aircraft at scale. The first partnership under the initiative (the “2025 Partnership”) focuses on acquiring 737NG and A320ceo aircraft. The 2025 Partnership completed its fundraise in October 2025 with $2.0 billion of equity commitments. The 2025 Partnership, and follow-on partnerships, is the primary buyer of all future on-lease 737NG and A320ceo aircraft. In addition, the 2025 Partnership agreed to acquire 45 on-lease narrowbody aircraft from us for an estimated net purchase price of $549 million and signed an agreement through which our Maintenance, Repair and Exchange (“MRE”) business exclusively provides replacement aircraft engines and modules for the life of the partnership. We provide aircraft management services to the 2025 Partnership, and the Company receives customary, market-based compensation for providing such services. The Company also made a minority capital commitment and will make additional commitments to the 2025 Partnership in the same proportion relative to additional third-party institutional investors. 6 Asset Management The Company actively manages and monitors our portfolios of assets on an ongoing basis. Our Company frequently reviews the status of all of our assets, and in the case that any are returning from lease or undergoing repair, outlines our options, which may include the re-lease or sale of that asset. Our Company plays a central role in developing and executing operational, finance and business development strategies. On a periodic basis, our Company discusses the status of our acquired assets with our board of directors. We maintain relationships with operators worldwide and, through these relationships, hold direct conversations as to leasing needs and opportunities. While we expect to hold our assets for extended periods of time, we continually review our assets to assess whether we should sell or otherwise monetize them. Aspects that will factor into this process include relevant market conditions, the asset’s age, lease profile, relative concentration or remaining expected useful life. Credit Process We monitor the credit quality of our customers and lessees on an ongoing basis. This monitoring includes interacting with our customers and lessees regularly to monitor collections, review periodic financial statements and discuss their operating performance. Most of our lease agreements are written with conditions that require reporting on the part of our lessees, and we actively reach out to our lessees to maintain contact and monitor their liquidity positions. Furthermore, many of our leases and contractual arrangements include credit enhancement elements that provide us with additional collateral or credit support to strengthen our credit position. We are subject to concentrations of credit risk with respect to amounts due from customers and lessees. We attempt to limit credit risk by performing ongoing credit evaluations. See “Customers and Lessees.” Customers and Lessees Our customers and lessees primarily consist of global operators of transportation networks and global industrial companies, including airlines. We maintain ongoing relationships and discussions with our customers and lessees and seek to have consistent dialogue. In addition to helping us monitor the needs and quality of our customers and lessees, we believe these relationships help source additional opportunities and gain insight into attractive opportunities in the aviation sector. A substantial portion of our revenue has historically been derived from a small number of customers and lessees. As of and for the year ended December 31, 2025, there was one customer representing 23% of total accounts receivable, net, and we earned 13% and 10% of total revenue from two customers in the Aerospace Products segment. We derive a significant percentage of our revenue within specific sectors from a limited number of customers and lessees. However, we do not think that we are dependent upon any particular customer or lessee, or that the loss of one or more of them would have a material adverse effect on our business or the relevant segment, because of our ability to re-lease or resell assets at similar terms following the loss of any such lessee or customer. See “

