TICKER: GAIN
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
suppliers. While we hope to avoid many of these difficulties by participating in transactions where the management team is retained and by conducting thorough due diligence in advance of our decision to invest, if our portfolio companies experience one or more of these problems, we may not realize the value that we expect in connection with our investments, which would likely harm our operating results, financial condition, and cash flows. Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies and/or we could be subject to lender liability claims. We primarily invest in secured first and second lien debt securities issued by our portfolio companies. In some cases, portfolio companies will be permitted to have other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the debt securities in which we invest. By their terms, such debt securities may provide that the holders thereof are entitled to receive payment of interest and principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments in respect of the debt securities in 27 Table of Contents which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution in respect of our investment. Additionally, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we provide managerial assistance to any portfolio company subject to bankruptcy, a bankruptcy court might re-characterize our debt investments and subordinate all or a portion of our claims to that of other creditors. After repaying such senior creditors, such portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. We may also be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by us with respect to a borrower’s business or in instances in which we exercised control over the borrower as a result of actions taken in rendering any managerial assistance. Furthermore, in the case of debt ranking equally with debt securities in which we invest, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, or bankruptcy of a portfolio company. Our portfolio is concentrated in a limited number of companies and industries, which subjects us to an increased risk of significant loss if any one of these companies does not repay us or if the industries experience downturns. As of March 31, 2025, we had investments in 25 portfolio companies, the five largest of which included SFEG, Ricardo, Brunswick, Nielsen-Kellerman and E3 and comprised $401.7 million, or 41.0%, of our total investment portfolio, at fair value. A consequence of a limited number of investments is that the aggregate returns we realize may be substantially adversely affected by the unfavorable performance of a small number of such investments or a substantial write-down of any one investment. Beyond our regulatory and income tax diversification requirements, as well as Credit Facility requirements, we do not have fixed guidelines for industry concentration and our investments could potentially be concentrated in relatively few industries. In addition, while we do not intend to invest 25% or more of our total assets in a particular industry or group of industries at the time of investment, it is possible that as the values of our portfolio companies change, one industry or a group of industries may comprise in excess of 25% of the value of our total assets. A downturn in a particular industry in which we have invested a significant portion of our total assets could have a materially adverse effect on us. As of March 31, 2025, our largest industry concentration was in Diversified/Conglomerate Services, representing 17.4 % of our total investments, at fair value. Volatility of oil and natural gas prices could impair certain of our portfolio companies’ operations and ability to satisfy obligations to their respective lenders and investors, including us, which could negatively impact our financial condition. Our portfolio includes companies related to the oil and gas industry with the fair value of these investments representing approximately $69.6 million, or 7.1% of our total portfolio at fair value, as of March 31, 2025. These businesses provide services to oil and gas companies and are indirectly impacted by the prices of, and demand for, oil and natural gas, which have from time to time experienced volatility, including rapid and significant changes in prices, and such volatility could continue or increase in the future. A substantial decline in oil and natural gas demand or prices may adversely affect the business, financial condition, cash flows, liquidity or results of operations of these portfolio companies and might impair their ability to meet capital expenditure obligations and financial commitments. Any decline in oil prices, especially for a prolonged period, could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our investments are typically long-term and will require several years to realize liquidation events. Since we generally make five year term loans and hold our loans and equity positions until the loans mature and/or we exit the investment, investors should not expect realization events, if any, to occur over the near term. In addition, we expect that any equity investments may require several years to appreciate in value and we cannot give any assurance that such appreciation will occur or ultimately be realized. The disposition of our investments may result in contingent liabilities. Currently, all but one of our investments involve private securities. In connection with the disposition of an investment in private securities, we may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of the underlying portfolio company typical of those made in connection with the sale of a business. We may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations turn out to be inaccurate or with respect to certain potential liabilities. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities that may ultimately yield funding obligations that must be satisfied through our return of certain distributions previously made to us. 28 Table of Contents Portfolio company litigation or other litigation or claims against us or our personnel could result in additional costs and the diversion of management time and resources. In the course of investing in and often providing significant managerial assistance to certain of our portfolio companies, certain persons employed by the Adviser sometimes serve as directors on the boards of such companies. To the extent that litigation arises out of our investments in these companies or otherwise, even if meritless, we or such employees may be named as defendants in such litigation, which could result in additional costs, including defense costs, and the diversion of management time and resources. We may be unable to accurately estimate our exposure to litigation risk if we record balance sheet reserves for probable loss contingencies. As a result, any reserves we establish to cover any settlements or judgments may not be sufficient to cover our actual financial exposure, which may have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. While we believe we would have valid defenses to potential claims brought due to our investment in any portfolio company, and will defend any such claims vigorously, we may nevertheless expend significant amounts of money in defense costs and expenses. Further, if we enter into settlements or suffer an adverse outcome in any litigation, we could be required to pay significant amounts. In addition, if any of our portfolio companies become subject to direct or indirect claims or other obligations, such as defense costs or damages in litigation or settlement, our investment in such companies could diminish in value and we could suffer indirect losses. Further, these matters could cause us to expend significant management time and effort in connection with assessment and defense of any claims. Any unrealized depreciation we experience on our investment portfolio may be an indication of future realized losses, which could reduce any gains available for distribution. As a BDC, we are required to carry our investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at fair value. We will record decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments as unrealized depreciation. Since our inception, we have, at times, incurred a cumulative net unrealized depreciation of our portfolio. Any unrealized depreciation in our investment portfolio could result in realized losses in the future and ultimately in reductions of any gains available for distribution to stockholders in future periods. Risks Related to Our External Financing In addition to regulatory limitations on our ability to raise capital, our Credit Facility contains various covenants which, if not complied with, could accelerate our repayment obligations under the facility, thereby materially and adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and ability to pay distributions. We will have a continuing need for capital to finance our investments. As of March 31, 2025, we, through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Business Investment, had no borrowings outstanding under our Credit Facility, which provides for maximum borrowings of $270.0 million, with a revolving period end date of October 30, 2026 (the “Revolving Period End Date”). Our Credit Facility permits us to fund additional loans and investments as long as we are within the conditions and covenants set forth in the credit agreement. Among other things, our Credit Facility contains covenants that require Business Investment to maintain its status as a separate legal entity, prohibit certain significant corporate transactions (such as mergers, consolidations, liquidations or dissolutions) and restrict certain material changes to our credit and collection policy without the lenders’ consent. Our Credit Facility also generally seeks to restrict distributions to stockholders to the sum of (i) our net investment income, (ii) net capital gains, and (iii) amounts deemed by the Company to be considered as having been paid during the prior fiscal year in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code. Loans eligible to be pledged as collateral are subject to certain limitations, including, among other things, restrictions on geographic concentrations, industry concentrations, loan size, payment frequency and status, average life, portfolio company leverage, and lien property. Our Credit Facility also requires Business Investment to comply with other financial and operational covenants, which obligate Business Investment to, among other things, maintain certain financial ratios, including asset and interest coverage and a minimum number of obligors in the borrowing base. Additionally, our Credit Facility contains a performance guarantee that requires the Company to maintain (i) a minimum net worth of the greater of $210.0 million or $210.0 million plus 50% of all equity and subordinated debt raised minus 50% of any equity or subordinated debt redeemed or retired after November 16, 2016, which equated to $412.9 million as of March 31, 2025; (ii) asset coverage with respect to senior securities representing indebtedness of at least 150% (or such percentage as may be set forth in Section 18 of the 1940 Act, as modified by Section 61 of the 1940 Act); and (iii) our status as a BDC under the 1940 Act and as a RIC under the Code. As of March 31, 2025, and as defined in the performance guaranty of our Credit Facility, we had a net worth of $953.3 million, asset coverage on our senior securities representing indebtedness of 204.4%, calculated in accordance with the requirements of Sections 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act, and an active status as a BDC and RIC. As of 29 Table of Contents March 31, 2025, we were in compliance with all covenants under our Credit Facility; however, our continued compliance depends on many factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any unrealized depreciation in our portfolio may increase in future periods and threaten our ability to comply with the minimum net worth covenant and other covenants under our Credit Facility. Our failure to satisfy these covenants could result in foreclosure by our lenders, which would accelerate our repayment obligations under the facility and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. Any inability to renew, extend or replace our Credit Facility on terms favorable to us, or at all, could adversely impact our liquidity and ability to fund new investments or maintain distributions to our stockholders. If our Credit Facility is not renewed or extended by the Revolving Period End Date, all principal and interest will be due and payable on October 30, 2028 (two years after the Revolving Period End Date). Subject to certain terms and conditions, our Credit Facility may be expanded to a total of $300.0 million through additional commitments of existing or new lenders. However, if such lenders are unwilling to provide additional commitments under the terms of our Credit Facility, we will be unable to expand our Credit Facility and thus will continue to have limited availability to finance new investments under our Credit Facility. There can be no guaranty that we will be able to renew, extend or replace our Credit Facility upon its Revolving Period End Date on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. Our ability to expand our Credit Facility, and to obtain replacement financing at or before the time of its Revolving Period End Date, will be constrained by then current economic conditions affecting the credit markets. In the event that we are not able to expand our Credit Facility, or to renew, extend or refinance our Credit Facility by the Revolving Period End Date, this could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and ability to fund new investments, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and our ability to qualify as a RIC under the Code. If we are unable to secure replacement financing, we may be forced to sell certain assets on disadvantageous terms, which may result in realized losses, and such realized losses could materially exceed the amount of any unrealized depreciation on these assets as of our most recent balance sheet date, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition to selling assets, or as an alternative, we may issue common equity to repay amounts outstanding under our Credit Facility. Depending upon the trading prices of our common stock (and with the approval of our independent directors and stockholders), such an equity offering may have a dilutive impact on our existing stockholders’ interest in our earnings, assets and voting interest in us. If we are able to renew, extend or refinance our Credit Facility prior to maturity, renewal, extension or refinancing, it could potentially result in significantly higher interest rates and related charges and may impose significant restrictions on the use of borrowed funds to fund investments or maintain distributions to stockholders. Because we expect to distribute substantially all of our Investment Company Taxable Income, at least 90%, on an annual basis, our business plan is dependent upon external financing, which is constrained by the limitations of the 1940 Act. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise capital through issuing equity in the near future. Our business requires a substantial amount of cash to operate and grow. We may acquire such additional capital from the following sources: • Senior Securities : We may issue "senior securities representing indebtedness" (including borrowings under our Credit Facility, our 5.00% 2026 Notes, our 4.875% 2028 Notes, our 8.00% 2028 Notes and our 7.875% 2030 Notes) and "senior securities that are stock", up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act currently permits us, as a BDC, to issue senior securities representing indebtedness and senior securities which are stock, in amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in Section 18(h) of the 1940 Act, is at least 150% on each such senior security immediately after each issuance of each such senior security. As a result of issuing senior securities (in whatever form), we will be exposed to the risks associated with leverage. Although borrowing money for investments increases the potential for gain, it also increases the risk of a loss. A decrease in the value of our investments will have a greater impact on the value of our common stock to the extent that we have borrowed money to make investments. There is a possibility that the costs of borrowing could exceed the income we receive on the investments we make with such borrowed funds. In addition, our ability to pay distributions, issue senior securities or repurchase shares of our common stock would be restricted if the asset coverage on each of our senior securities is not at least 150%. If the aggregate fair value of our assets declines, we might be unable to satisfy that 150% requirement. To satisfy the 150% asset coverage requirement in the event that we are seeking to pay a distribution, we might either have to (i) liquidate a portion of our loan portfolio to repay a portion of our 30 Table of Contents indebtedness or (ii) issue common stock. This may occur at a time when a sale of a portfolio asset may be disadvantageous, or when we have limited access to capital markets on agreeable terms. In addition, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness, pay dividends on our preferred stock or for offering costs will not be available for distributions to common stockholders. Pursuant to Section 61(a)(3) of the 1940 Act, we are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of "senior securities representing indebtedness". However, pursuant to Section 18(c) of the 1940 Act, we are permitted to issue only one class of "senior securities that are stock". • Common and Convertible Preferred Stock : Because we are constrained in our ability to issue debt or senior securities for the reasons given above, we may at times be dependent on the issuance of equity as a financing source. If we raise additional funds by issuing more common stock, the percentage ownership of our common stockholders at the time of the issuance would decrease and our existing common stockholders may experience dilution. In addition, under the 1940 Act, we will generally not be able to issue additional shares of our common stock at a price below NAV per common share to purchasers, other than to our existing common stockholders through a rights offering, without first obtaining the approval of our stockholders and our independent directors. If we were to sell shares of our common stock below our then current NAV per common share, such sales would result in an immediate dilution to the NAV per common share. This dilution would occur as a result of the sale of common shares at a price below the then current NAV per share of our common stock and a proportionately greater decrease in a common stockholder’s interest in our earnings and assets and voting percentage than the increase in our assets resulting from such issuance. For example, if we issue and sell an additional 10% of our common stock at a 5% discount from NAV, a common stockholder who does not participate in that offering for its proportionate interest will suffer NAV dilution of up to 0.5% or $5 per $1,000 of NAV. This imposes constraints on our ability to raise capital when our common stock is trading below NAV per common share, as it generally has for the last several years. As noted above, the 1940 Act prohibits the issuance of multiple classes of "senior securities that are stock". We financed certain of our investments with borrowed money and capital from the issuance of senior securities, which will magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. The use of leverage, including through the issuance of senior securities that are debt or stock, magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and, if we incur additional leverage, this potential will be further magnified. We have incurred leverage in the past and currently incur leverage through the Credit Facility, the 5.00% 2026 Notes, the 4.875% 2028 Notes, the 8.00% 2028 Notes and 7.875% 2030 Notes and, from time to time, may incur additional leverage to the extent permitted under the 1940 Act. The use of leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique and increases the risks associated with investing in our securities. In the future, we may borrow from, and issue senior securities to, banks and other lenders. Holders of these senior securities will have fixed dollar claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our common stockholders, and we would expect such holders to seek recovery against our assets in the event of a default. The following table illustrates the effect of leverage on returns from an investment in our common stock assuming various annual returns on our portfolio, net of expenses. The calculations in the table below are hypothetical and actual returns may be higher or lower than those appearing in the table below. Assumed Return on Our Portfolio (Net of Expenses) (10)% (5)% 0% 5% 10% Corresponding return to common stockholder (A) ( 25.96 )% ( 15.87 )% ( 5.79 )% 4.29 % 14.37 % (A) The hypothetical return to common stockholders is calculated by multiplying our total assets as of March 31, 2025 by the assumed rates of return and subtracting all interest on our debt expected to be paid during the twelve months following March 31, 2025, and then dividing the resulting difference by our total net assets attributable to common stock as of March 31, 2025. Based on $1.0 billion in total assets, no borrowings outstanding on our Credit Facility, $127.9 million of 5.00% 2026 Notes, at cost, $134.6 million of 4.875% 2028 Notes, at cost, $74.8 million of 8.00% 2028 Notes, at cost, $126.5 million of 7.875% 2030 Notes, at cost, and $499.1 million in net assets as of March 31, 2025. Based on an aggregate outstanding indebtedness of $463.7 million, at cost, as of March 31, 2025, the effective annual cash interest rate of 6.2 % as of that date, our investment portfolio at fair value would have to produce an annual return of at least 3.0 % to cover annual interest payments on the outstanding debt. 31 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Regulation and Structure We will be subject to corporate-level tax if we are unable to satisfy the Code requirements for RIC qualification. To maintain our qualification as a RIC, we must maintain our status as a BDC and meet annual distribution, income source, and asset diversification requirements. The annual distribution requirement is satisfied if we distribute at least 90% of our Investment Company Taxable Income to our stockholders on an annual basis. Because we use leverage, we are subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act and could, under certain circumstances, be restricted from making distributions necessary to qualify as a RIC. Warrants we may receive with respect to debt investments generally create original issue discount (“OID”), which we must recognize as ordinary income over the term of the debt investment. Similarly, PIK interest which is accrued generally over the term of the debt investment but not paid in cash, is recognized as ordinary income. Both OID and PIK interest will increase the amounts we are required to distribute to maintain our RIC status. Because such OIDs and PIK interest will not produce distributable cash for us at the same time as we are required to make distributions, we will need to use cash from other sources to satisfy such distribution requirements. As of March 31, 2025, we did not have investments with OID or a PIK feature. Additionally, we must meet asset diversification and income source requirements at the end of each calendar quarter. If we fail to meet these tests, we may need to quickly dispose of certain investments to prevent the loss of RIC status. Since most of our investments will be illiquid, such dispositions, if even possible, may not be made at prices advantageous to us and may result in substantial losses. If we fail to qualify as a RIC as of a calendar quarter or annually for any reason and become fully subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution, and the actual amount distributed. Such a failure would have a material adverse effect on us and our common stock. Some of our debt investments may include success fees that would generally generate payments to us upon a change of control. Because the satisfaction of these success fees, and the ultimate payment of these fees, is uncertain and highly contingent, we generally only recognize them as income when the payment is received. Success fee amounts are characterized as ordinary income for tax purposes and, as a result, we are required to distribute such amounts to our stockholders to maintain our RIC status. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in “qualifying assets,” we could fail to qualify as a BDC under the 1940 Act or be precluded from investing according to our current business strategy. As a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than “qualifying assets” unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70% of our total assets, exclusive of Operating Assets, are qualifying assets, as defined in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. We believe that most of the investments that we may acquire in the future will constitute qualifying assets. However, we may be precluded from investing in what we believe to be attractive investments if such investments are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 1940 Act. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could violate the 1940 Act provisions applicable to BDCs. As a result of such violation, specific rules under the 1940 Act could prevent us, for example, from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies (which could result in the dilution of our position) or could require us to dispose of investments at inappropriate times to come into compliance with the 1940 Act. If we need to dispose of such investments quickly, it could be difficult to dispose of such investments on favorable terms. We may not be able to find a buyer for such investments and, even if we do find a buyer, we may have to sell the investments at a substantial loss. Any such outcomes would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we do not maintain our status as a BDC, we would be subject to regulation as a registered closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act. As a registered closed-end investment company, we would be subject to substantially more regulatory restrictions under the 1940 Act, which would significantly decrease our operating flexibility. Refer to “Business — Regulation as a BDC — Qualifying Assets” for additional information regarding qualifying assets. Provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could restrict a change in control and have an adverse impact on the price of our common stock. We are subject to provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law that, in general, prohibit any business combination with a beneficial owner of 15% or more of our common stock for three years unless the holder’s acquisition of our stock was either approved in advance by our Board of Directors or ratified by our Board of Directors and stockholders owning two-thirds of our outstanding stock not owned by the acquiring holder. Although we believe these provisions collectively 32 Table of Contents provide for an opportunity to receive higher bids by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our Board of Directors, they would apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. We have also adopted other measures that may make it difficult for a third party to obtain control of us, including provisions of our certificate of incorporation classifying our Board of Directors in three classes serving staggered three-year terms, and provisions of our certificate of incorporation authorizing our Board of Directors to induce the issuance of additional shares of our stock. These provisions, as well as other provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws, may delay, defer, or prevent a transaction or a change in control that might otherwise be in the best interests of our stockholders. We may not be permitted to declare a dividend or make any distribution to stockholders or repurchase shares until such time as we satisfy the asset coverage tests under the provisions of the 1940 Act that apply to BDCs. Regulations governing our operation as a BDC and RIC will affect our ability to raise, and the way in which we raise, additional capital or borrow for investment purposes, which may have a negative effect on our growth. As a result of the annual distribution requirement to qualify as a RIC, we may need to periodically access the capital markets to raise cash to fund new investments. We may issue senior securities representing indebtedness, including borrowing money from banks or other financial institutions, or senior securities that are stock, only in amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150% after each such incurrence or issuance. Further, we may not be permitted to declare a dividend or make any distribution to our outstanding stockholders or repurchase shares until such time as we satisfy this test. Our ability to issue different types of securities is also limited. Compliance with these requirements may unfavorably limit our investment opportunities and reduce our ability in comparison to other companies to profit from favorable spreads between the rates at which we can borrow and the rates at which we can lend. As a BDC, therefore, we may issue equity at a rate more frequent than our privately owned competitors, which may lead to greater stockholder dilution. We have incurred leverage to generate capital to make additional investments. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy the asset coverage test under the 1940 Act, which could prohibit us from paying distributions and could prevent us from qualifying as a RIC. If we cannot satisfy the asset coverage test, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our debt financing, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales and repayments may be disadvantageous. Such events, if they were to occur, could have a significant adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Risks Related to Our External Management We are dependent upon our key management personnel and the key management personnel of the Adviser, particularly David Gladstone and David Dullum, and on the continued operations of the Adviser, for our future success. We have no employees. Our chief executive officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer and treasurer, chief valuation officer, and the employees of the Adviser do not spend all of their time managing our activities and our investment portfolio. We are particularly dependent upon David Gladstone and David Dullum for their experience, skills, and networks. Our executive officers and the employees of the Adviser allocate some, and in some cases a material portion, of their time to businesses and activities that are not related to our business. We have no separate facilities and are completely reliant on the Adviser, which has significant discretion as to the implementation and execution of our business strategies and risk management practices. We are subject to the risk of discontinuation of the Adviser’s operations or termination of the Advisory Agreement and the risk that, upon such event, no suitable replacement will be found. We believe that our success depends to a significant extent upon the Adviser and that discontinuation of its operations or the loss of its key management personnel could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objectives. Our success depends on the Adviser’s ability to attract and retain qualified personnel in a competitive environment. The Adviser experiences competition in attracting and retaining qualified personnel, particularly investment professionals and senior executives, and we may be unable to maintain or grow our business if we cannot attract and retain such personnel. The Adviser’s ability to attract and retain personnel with the requisite credentials, experience and skills depends on several factors including, its ability to offer competitive wages, benefits and professional growth opportunities. The Adviser competes with investment funds (such as private equity funds and mezzanine funds) and traditional financial services companies for qualified personnel, many of which have greater resources than us. Searches for qualified personnel may divert management’s time from the operation of our business. Strain on the existing personnel resources of the 33 Table of Contents Adviser, in the event that it is unable to attract experienced investment professionals and senior executives, could have a material adverse effect on our business. The Adviser can resign on 60 days’ notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. The Adviser has the right to resign under the Advisory Agreement at any time upon not less than 60 days’ written notice, whether we have found a replacement or not. If the Adviser resigns, we may not be able to find a new investment adviser or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption, our financial condition, business and results of operations as well as our ability to pay distributions are likely to be adversely affected and the market price of our common stock may decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and investment activities is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution or group of executives having the expertise possessed by the Adviser and its affiliates. Even if we are able to retain comparable management, whether internal or external, the integration of such management and their lack of familiarity with our investment objectives may result in additional costs and time delays that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Adviser’s liability is limited under the Advisory Agreement, and we are required to indemnify our investment adviser against certain liabilities, which may lead the Adviser to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. The Adviser has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render the services described in the Advisory Agreement, and it will not be responsible for any action of our Board of Directors in declining to follow the Adviser’s advice or recommendations. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser will not be liable to us for their acts under the Advisory Agreement, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of their duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of their duties and obligations under the Advisory Agreement. We have agreed to indemnify, defend and protect the Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser with respect to all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Adviser’s duties or obligations under the Advisory Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser for us, and not arising out of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of their duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of their duties and obligations under the Advisory Agreement. These protections may lead the Adviser to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. Our incentive fee may induce the Adviser to make certain investments, including speculative investments. The management compensation structure that has been implemented under the Advisory Agreement may cause the Adviser to invest in high-risk investments or take other investment risks. In addition to its management fee, the Adviser is entitled under the Advisory Agreement to receive incentive compensation based in part upon our achievement of specified levels of income. In evaluating investments and other management strategies, the opportunity to earn incentive compensation based on net investment income may lead the Adviser to place undue emphasis on the maximization of net investment income at the expense of other criteria, such as preservation of capital, maintaining sufficient liquidity, or management of credit risk or market risk, to achieve higher incentive compensation. Investments with higher yield potential are generally riskier or more speculative. This could result in increased risk to the value of our investment portfolio. We may be obligated to pay the Adviser incentive compensation even if we incur a net decrease in net assets. The Advisory Agreement entitles the Adviser to incentive compensation for each fiscal quarter in an amount equal to a percentage of the excess of our net investment income for that quarter (before deducting the incentive fee) above a threshold return of 1.75% of our net assets, as adjusted, for that quarter. When calculating our incentive fee, our pre-incentive fee net investment income excludes realized losses and unrealized depreciation that we may incur in the fiscal quarter, even if such losses or depreciation result in a net decrease in net assets on our statement of operations for that quarter. Thus, we may be required to pay the Adviser incentive compensation for a fiscal quarter even if there is a decline in the value of our portfolio or we incur a net realized or unrealized loss for that quarter. For additional information on 34 Table of Contents incentive compensation under the Advisory Agreement with the Adviser, see “ Business — Investment Advisory and Management Agreement .” We may be required to pay the Adviser incentive compensation on income accrued, but not yet received in cash. The part of the incentive fee payable by us that relates to our net investment income is computed and paid on income that may include income that has been accrued but not yet received in cash, such as debt instruments with PIK interest. If a portfolio company defaults on a loan, it is possible that such accrued interest previously used in the calculation of the incentive fee will become uncollectible. Consequently, we may make incentive fee payments on income accruals that we may not collect in the future and with respect to which we do not have a clawback right against the Adviser. The Adviser’s failure to identify and invest in securities that meet our investment criteria or perform its responsibilities under the Advisory Agreement would likely adversely affect our ability for future growth. Our ability to achieve our investment objectives will depend on our ability to grow, which in turn will depend on the Adviser’s ability to identify and invest in securities that meet our investment criteria. Accomplishing this result on a cost-effective basis will be largely a function of the Adviser’s structuring of the investment process, its ability to provide competent and efficient services to us, and our access to financing on acceptable terms. The Adviser’s senior management team has substantial responsibilities under the Advisory Agreement. To grow, the Adviser will need to hire, train, supervise, and manage new employees successfully. Any failure to manage our future growth effectively would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. There are significant potential conflicts of interest, including with the Adviser, which could impact our investment returns. Our executive officers and directors, and the officers and directors of the Adviser, serve or may serve as officers, directors, or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do or of investment funds managed by our affiliates. Accordingly, they may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which might not be in our or our stockholders’ best interests. For example, Mr. Gladstone, our chairman and chief executive officer, is the chairman of the board and chief executive officer of the Adviser and Administrator, and the Affiliated Public Funds. Mr. Dullum, our president, is also an executive vice president of the Adviser. While portfolio managers and the officers and other employees of the Adviser devote as much time to the management of us as appropriate to enable the Adviser to perform its duties in accordance with the Advisory Agreement, the portfolio managers and other of the Adviser's officers may have conflicts in allocating their time and services among us, on the one hand, and other investment vehicles managed by the Adviser, on the other hand. These activities could be viewed as creating a conflict of interest insofar as the time and effort of the portfolio managers and the officers and employees of the Adviser will not be devoted exclusively to our business but will instead be allocated between our business and the management of these other investment vehicles. Moreover, the Adviser may establish or sponsor other investment vehicles which from time to time may have potentially overlapping investment objectives with ours and accordingly may invest in, whether principally or secondarily, asset classes we target. While the Adviser generally has broad authority to make investments on behalf of the investment vehicles that it advises, the Adviser has adopted investment allocation procedures to address these potential conflicts and intends to direct investment opportunities to the Company or the Affiliated Public Fund with the investment strategy that most closely fits the investment opportunity. Nevertheless, the management of the Adviser may face conflicts in the allocation of investment opportunities to other entities it manages. As a result, it is possible that we may not be given the opportunity to participate in certain investments made by other funds managed by the Adviser. In certain circumstances, we may make investments in a portfolio company in which one of our affiliates has or will have an investment, subject to satisfaction of any regulatory restrictions and, where required, the prior approval of our Board of Directors. As of March 31, 2025, our Board of Directors has approved the following types of transactions: • Our affiliate, Gladstone Commercial, may, under certain circumstances, lease property to portfolio companies that we do not control. We may pursue such transactions only if (i) the portfolio company is not controlled by us or any of our affiliates, (ii) the portfolio company satisfies the tenant underwriting criteria of Gladstone Commercial, and (iii) the transaction is approved by a majority of our independent directors and a majority of the independent directors of Gladstone Commercial. We expect that any such negotiations between Gladstone Commercial and our portfolio companies would result in lease terms consistent with the terms that the portfolio companies would be likely to receive were they not portfolio companies of ours. 35 Table of Contents • Pursuant to the Co-Investment Order, we may co-invest, under certain circumstances, with certain of our affiliates, including Gladstone Capital, Gladstone Alternative and any future BDC or closed-end management investment company that is advised (or sub-advised if it controls the fund) by the Adviser, or any combination of the foregoing subject to the conditions in the Co-Investment Order. Certain of our officers, who are also officers of the Adviser, may from time to time serve as directors of certain of our portfolio companies. If an officer serves in such capacity for one of our portfolio companies, such officer will owe fiduciary duties to stockholders of the portfolio company, which duties may from time to time conflict with the interests of our stockholders. In the course of our investing activities, we will pay management and incentive fees to the Adviser and will reimburse the Administrator for certain expenses it incurs. As a result, investors in our common stock will invest on a “gross” basis and receive distributions on a “net” basis after expenses, resulting in, among other things, a lower rate of return than one might achieve through our investors themselves making direct investments. As a result of this arrangement, there may be times when the management team of the Adviser has interests that differ from those of our stockholders, giving rise to a conflict. In addition, as a BDC, we make available significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies and provide other services to such portfolio companies. While neither we nor the Adviser currently receive fees in connection with managerial assistance, the Adviser and Gladstone Securities have, at various times, provided other services to certain of our portfolio companies and received fees for these other services. The Adviser is not obligated to provide credits of the base management fee or incentive fees, which could negatively impact our earnings and our ability to maintain our current level of distributions to our stockholders. The Advisory Agreement provides for a base management fee, based on our gross assets, and an incentive fee, that is based on our income and capital gains. Our Board of Directors has accepted in the past and may accept in the future non-contractual, unconditional, and irrevocable credits to reduce the annual 2.0% base management fee or the incentive fee, on a quarterly or annual basis. Any fees credited may not be recouped by the Adviser in the future. However, the Adviser is not required to issue these or other credits of fees under the Advisory Agreement. If the Adviser does not issue these credits in the future, it could negatively impact our earnings and may compromise our ability to maintain our current level of distributions to our stockholders, which could have a material adverse impact on our common stock price. Our business model is dependent upon developing and sustaining strong referral relationships with investment bankers, business brokers and other intermediaries and any change in our referral relationships may impact our business plan. We are dependent upon informal relationships with investment bankers, business brokers and traditional lending institutions to provide us with deal flow. If we fail to maintain our relationship with such funds or institutions, or if we fail to establish strong referral relationships with other funds, we will not be able to grow our portfolio of investments and fully execute our business plan. Our base management fee may induce the Adviser to incur leverage. The fact that our base management fee is payable based upon our gross assets, which would include any investments made with proceeds of borrowings, may encourage the Adviser to use leverage to make additional investments. Under certain circumstances, the use of increased leverage may increase the likelihood of default, which would disfavor holders of our securities. Given the subjective nature of the investment decisions made by the Adviser on our behalf, we will not be able to monitor this potential conflict of interest. Risks Related to an Investment in Our Securities There is a risk that you may not receive distributions or that distributions may not grow over time. Our current intention is to distribute up to 100% of our Investment Company Taxable Income to our stockholders by paying monthly distributions. We may retain some or all of our net realized long-term capital gains, if any, and designate them as deemed distributions to supplement our equity capital and support the growth of our portfolio, although our Board of Directors may determine to distribute these net realized long-term capital gains to our stockholders in cash. In addition, our Credit Facility restricts the amount of distributions we are permitted to make annually. We cannot assure investors that we will achieve investment results or maintain a tax status that will allow or require any specified level of cash distributions. 36 Table of Contents Investing in our securities may involve an above average degree of risk. The investments we make in accordance with our investment objectives may result in a higher amount of risk than alternative investment options and a higher risk of volatility or loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies may be highly speculative, and therefore, an investment in our securities may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. Distributions to our common stockholders have included and may in the future include a return of capital. Our Board of Directors declares monthly common distributions each quarter based on estimates of Investment Company Taxable Income and capital gains for each fiscal year, which may differ, and in the past have differed, from actual results. Because our common distributions are based on estimates of Investment Company Taxable Income and capital gains that may differ from actual results, future common distributions payable to our common stockholders may include a return of capital. To the extent that we distribute amounts that exceed our accumulated earnings and profits, these distributions constitute a return of capital to the extent of the common stockholder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of our common stock. A return of capital represents a return of a common stockholder’s original investment in shares of our common stock and should not be confused with a distribution from earnings and profits. Although return of capital distributions may not be taxable, such distributions may increase an investor’s tax liability for capital gains upon the sale of our common stock by reducing the investor’s tax basis in its shares of our common stock. Such returns of capital reduce our asset base and also adversely impact our ability to raise debt capital as a result of the leverage restrictions under the 1940 Act, which could have a material adverse impact on our ability to make new investments. Common stockholders may incur dilution if we sell shares of our common stock in one or more offerings at prices below the then current NAV per share. Absent stockholder approval, we are not able to access the capital markets in an offering of our securities at prices below the then-current NAV per share, due to restrictions applicable to BDCs under the 1940 Act. Should we decide to issue shares of common stock at a price below NAV per share in the future, we will seek the requisite approval of our stockholders at such time. If we were to sell shares of our common stock below NAV per share, such sales would result in an immediate dilution to the NAV per share. This dilution would occur as a result of the sale of shares at a price below the then current NAV per share of our common stock and a proportionately greater decrease in a common stockholder’s interest in our earnings and assets and voting interest in us than the increase in our assets resulting from such issuance. The greater the difference between the sale price and the NAV per share at the time of the offering, the more significant the dilutive impact would be. Because the number of shares of common stock that could be so issued and the timing of any issuance is not currently known, the actual dilutive effect, if any, cannot be currently predicted. However, if, for example, we sold an additional 10% of our common stock at a 5% discount from NAV, an existing common stockholder who did not participate in that offering for its proportionate interest would suffer NAV dilution of up to 0.5% or $5 per $1,000 of NAV. Risks Related to the 5.00% 2026 Notes, 4.875% 2028 Notes, 8.00% 2028 Notes and 7.875% 2030 Notes (collectively, the "Notes") The Notes are unsecured and therefore are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness we may incur in the future and will rank pari passu with, or equal to, all outstanding and future unsecured indebtedness issued by us and our general liabilities (total liabilities, less debt). The Notes are not secured by any of our assets or any of the assets of our subsidiaries. As a result, the Notes are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness we may incur in the future (or any indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our existing or future secured indebtedness and the secured indebtedness of our subsidiaries may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness to receive full payment of their indebtedness before the assets may be used to pay other creditors, including the holders of the Notes. In addition, the Notes will rank pari passu with, or equal to, all outstanding and future unsecured indebtedness issued by us and our general liabilities (total liabilities, less debt). 37 Table of Contents The Notes are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. The Notes are obligations exclusively of the Company and not of any of our subsidiaries. None of our subsidiaries is a guarantor of the Notes and the Notes are not required to be guaranteed by any subsidiaries we may acquire or create in the future. Except to the extent we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, all claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will have priority over our equity interests in such subsidiaries (and therefore the claims of our creditors, including holders of the Notes) with respect to the assets of such subsidiaries. Even if we are recognized as a creditor of one or more of our subsidiaries, our claims would still be effectively subordinated to any security interests in the assets of any such subsidiary and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such subsidiary senior to our claims. Consequently, the Notes are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of any of our subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that we may in the future acquire or establish. Our wholly-owned subsidiary, Business Investment, is the obligor under our Credit Facility, which is structurally senior to the Notes. In addition, our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, all of which would be structurally senior to the Notes. The indenture under which the Notes were issued contains limited protection for holders of the Notes. The indenture under which the Notes were issued offers limited protection to holders of the Notes. The terms of the indenture and the Notes do not restrict our or any of our subsidiaries’ ability to engage in, or otherwise be a party to, a variety of corporate transactions, circumstances or events that could have an adverse impact on your investment in the Notes. In particular, the terms of the indenture and the Notes do not place any restrictions on our or our subsidiaries’ ability to: • issue securities or otherwise incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, including (1) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be equal in right of payment to the Notes, (2) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be secured and therefore rank effectively senior in right of payment to the Notes to the extent of the values of the assets securing such debt, (3) indebtedness of ours that is guaranteed by one or more of our subsidiaries and which therefore is structurally senior to the Notes and (4) securities, indebtedness or obligations issued or incurred by our subsidiaries that would be senior to our equity interests in our subsidiaries and therefore rank structurally senior to the Notes with respect to the assets of our subsidiaries, in each case other than an incurrence of indebtedness or other obligation that would cause a violation of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, whether or not we continue to be subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, which generally prohibit us incurring additional debt or issuing additional debt or preferred securities, unless our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150% after such incurrence or issuance; • pay dividends on, or purchase or redeem or make any payments in respect of, capital stock or other securities ranking junior in right of payment to the Notes, including preferred stock and any subordinated indebtedness, in each case other than dividends, purchases, redemptions or payments that would cause our asset coverage to fall below the threshold specified in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions thereto, whether or not we are subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, giving effect to any no-action relief granted by the SEC to another BDC and upon which we may reasonably rely (or to us if we determine to seek such similar SEC no-action or other relief) permitting the BDC to declare any cash dividend or distribution notwithstanding the prohibition contained in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act to maintain the BDC’s status as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code; • sell assets (other than certain limited restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets); • enter into transactions with affiliates; • create liens (including liens on the shares of our subsidiaries) or enter into sale and leaseback transactions; • make investments; or • create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our subsidiaries. In addition, the indenture and the Notes do not require us to make an offer to purchase the Notes in connection with a change of control or any other event. 38 Table of Contents Furthermore, the terms of the indenture and the Notes do not protect holders of the Notes in the event that we experience changes (including significant adverse changes) in our financial condition, results of operations or credit ratings, if any, as they do not require that we or our subsidiaries adhere to any financial tests or ratios or specified levels of net worth, revenues, income, cash flow, or liquidity. Our ability to recapitalize, incur additional debt (including additional debt that matures prior to the maturity of the Notes) and take a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the Notes may have important consequences for you as a holder of the Notes, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the Notes or negatively affecting the trading value of the Notes. Other debt we issue or incur in the future could contain more protections for its holders than the indenture and the Notes, including additional covenants and events of default. The issuance or incurrence of any such debt with incremental protections could affect the market for, trading levels, and prices of the Notes. An active trading market for the Notes may not exist, which could limit your ability to sell the Notes or affect the market price of the Notes. An active trading market for the Notes may not exist in the future and holders may not be able to sell their Notes. Even if an active trading market does exist, the Notes may trade at a discount from their initial offering price depending on prevailing interest rates, the market for similar securities, our credit ratings, if any, general economic conditions, our financial condition, performance and prospects and other factors. To the extent an active trading market does not exist, the liquidity and trading price for the Notes may be harmed. Accordingly, holders of the Notes may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. If we default on our obligations to pay our other indebtedness, we may not be able to make payments on the Notes. Any default under the agreements governing our indebtedness, including a default under the Credit Facility or other indebtedness to which we may be a party, that is not waived by the required lenders or holders, and the remedies sought by the holders of such indebtedness could make us unable to pay principal, premium, if any, and interest on the Notes and substantially decrease the market value of the Notes. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest on our indebtedness, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants, including financial and operating covenants, in the instruments governing our indebtedness, we could be in default under the terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness, including the Notes. In the event of such default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, the lenders under the Credit Facility or other debt we may incur in the future could elect to terminate their commitments, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If our operating performance declines, we may in the future need to refinance or restructure our debt, including the Notes, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, seek to raise additional capital or seek to obtain waivers from the required lenders under the Credit Facility or other debt that we may incur in the future to avoid being in default. If we are unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, we may not be able to meet our payment obligations under the Notes or our other debt. If we breach our covenants under the Credit Facility or other debt and seek a waiver, we may not be able to obtain a waiver from the required lenders or holders. If this occurs, we would be in default under the Credit Facility or other debt, the lenders or holders could exercise their rights as described above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If we are unable to repay debt, lenders having secured obligations, including the lenders under the Credit Facility, could proceed against the collateral securing the debt. Because the Credit Facility has, and any future credit facilities will likely have, customary cross-default provisions, if the indebtedness under the Notes or the Credit Facility or under any future credit facility is accelerated, we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due. We may choose to redeem the Notes when prevailing interest rates are relatively low. At any time with respect to the 5.00% 2026 Notes and the 4.875% 2028 Notes, on or after August 1, 2025, with respect to the 8.00% 2028 Notes and on or after February 1, 2027, with respect to the 7.875% 2030 Notes, we may choose to redeem the Notes from time to time, especially if prevailing interest rates are lower than the rate borne by the Notes. If prevailing rates are lower at the time of redemption, and we redeem the Notes, you likely would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed. Our redemption right also may adversely impact your ability to sell the Notes as the optional redemption date or period approaches. 39 Table of Contents A downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of any credit rating assigned by a rating agency to us or the Notes could cause the liquidity or market value of the Notes to decline significantly. Any credit rating is an assessment by the assigning rating agency of our ability to pay our debts when due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in any credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the Notes. These credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of risks relating to the structure or marketing of the Notes. Credit ratings are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security, and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the issuing organization in its sole discretion. There can be no assurance that any credit ratings will remain for any given period of time or that such credit ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if in their judgment future circumstances relating to the basis of the credit ratings, such as adverse changes in our Company, so warrant. General

--- VENDORS ---
vendors; • review of loan documents and material contracts; • background checks and a management capabilities assessment on the prospective portfolio company’s management team; and • research, including market analyses, on the prospective portfolio company’s products, services or particular industry and its competitive position therein. Upon completion of a due diligence investigation and a decision to proceed with an investment, the Adviser’s investment professionals who have primary responsibility for the investment present the investment opportunity to the Adviser’s investment committee. The investment committee then determines whether to pursue the potential investment. Prior to the closing of an investment, additional due diligence may be conducted on our behalf by attorneys, independent accountants, and other outside advisers, as appropriate. We also rely on the long-term relationships that the Adviser’s investment professionals have with leveraged buyout funds, investment bankers, commercial bankers, private equity sponsors, attorneys, accountants, and business brokers. In addition, the extensive direct experiences of our executive officers and managing directors in the operations of Lower Middle Market companies and providing debt and equity capital to Lower Middle Market companies plays a significant role in our investment evaluation and assessment of risk. Investment Structure Once the Adviser has determined that an investment meets our standards and investment criteria, the Adviser works with the management of that company and other capital providers to structure the transaction in a way that we believe will provide us with the greatest opportunity to maximize our return on the investment, while providing appropriate incentives to management of the company. As discussed above, the capital classes through which we typically structure a deal include first lien secured debt, second lien secured debt, and preferred and common equity or equivalents. Through its risk management process, the Adviser seeks to limit the downside risk of our investments by: • making investments with an expected total return (including interest, yield enhancements and potential equity appreciation) that it believes compensates us for the credit risk of the investment; • seeking collateral or superior positions in the portfolio company’s capital structure where possible; • incorporating put and call protection rights into the investment structure where possible; • negotiating covenants in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility as possible in managing their businesses, while also preserving our capital; and • holding board seats or securing board observation rights at the portfolio company. We expect to hold most of our debt investments until maturity or repayment, but we may sell our investments (including our equity investments) earlier if a liquidity event takes place, such as a recapitalization of a portfolio company, an initial public offering, or a sale to a third party, including strategic buyers, private equity funds, or existing investors in the portfolio company, and which may be privately negotiated transactions. 8 Table of Contents Competitive Advantages A large number of entities compete with us and make the types of investments that we seek to make in Lower Middle Market companies. Such competitors include private equity funds, leveraged buyout funds, other BDCs, other equity and non-equity based investment funds, and other financing sources, including commercial banks. Many of our competitors are substantially larger than we are and have considerably greater funding sources or are able to access capital more cost effectively. In addition, certain of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments and establish a larger portfolio of investments. Furthermore, many of these competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC. However, we believe that we have the following competitive advantages over many other providers of financing to Lower Middle Market companies. Management Expertise Our Adviser has a separate investment committee for the Company and each of the Affiliated Public Funds. The Adviser's investment committee for the Company is comprised of Messrs. Gladstone, Dullum and Sateri and Ms. Gladstone, each of whom have a wealth of experience in our area of operation. Ms. Gladstone and Messrs. Gladstone and Sateri also serve on the Adviser’s investment committee for the other Affiliated Public Funds. Ms. Gladstone has over 20 years of experience in investing in middle market companies and is a managing director of the Adviser. Each of Messrs. Gladstone, Dullum and Sateri (also a managing director of the Adviser) have over 30 years of experience in investing in middle market companies and with operating in the BDC marketplace in general. Mr. Gladstone also has principal management responsibility for the Adviser as an executive officer, and has worked at the Gladstone companies for more than 20 years. These four individuals dedicate a significant portion of their time to managing our investment portfolio. Our senior management has extensive experience providing capital to Lower Middle Market companies. In addition, we have access to the resources and expertise of the Adviser’s investment professionals and support staff who possess a broad range of transactional, financial, managerial, and investment skills. Increased Access to Investment Opportunities Developed Through Extensive Research Capability and Network of Contacts The Adviser seeks to identify potential investments through active origination and due diligence and through its dialogue with numerous management teams, members of the financial community and potential corporate partners with whom the Adviser’s investment professionals have long-term relationships. We believe that the Adviser’s investment professionals have developed a broad network of contacts within the investment, commercial banking, private equity and investment management communities, and that their reputation, experience, and focus on investing in Lower Middle Market companies enables us to source and identify well-positioned prospective portfolio companies, which provide attractive investment opportunities. Additionally, the Adviser expects to generate information from its professionals’ network of accountants, consultants, lawyers and management teams of portfolio companies and other contacts to support the Adviser’s investment activities. Disciplined, Value- and Income-Oriented Investment Philosophy with a Focus on Preservation of Capital In making its investment decisions, the Adviser focuses on the risk and reward profile of each prospective portfolio company, seeking to minimize the risk of capital loss without foregoing the potential for capital appreciation. We expect the Adviser to use the same investment philosophy that its professionals use in the management of the other Affiliated Public Funds and to commit resources to manage downside exposure. The Adviser’s approach seeks to reduce our risk in investments by using some or all of the following approaches: • focusing on companies with attractive and sustainable market positions and cash flow; • investing in companies with experienced and established management teams; • engaging in extensive due diligence from the perspective of a long-term investor; • investing at low price-to-cash flow multiples; and • adopting flexible transaction structures by drawing on the experience of the investment professionals of the Adviser and its affiliates. 9 Table of Contents Longer Investment Horizon Unlike private equity and other funds that are typically organized as finite-life partnerships (generally seven to ten years), we are not subject to standard periodic capital return requirements. These structures often force private equity and other funds to seek returns on their investments by causing their portfolio companies to pursue mergers, public equity offerings, or other liquidity events more quickly than might otherwise be optimal or desirable, potentially resulting in a lower overall return to investors and/or an adverse impact on their portfolio companies. In contrast, we are an exchange-traded corporation of perpetual duration. We believe that our flexibility to make investments with a long-term view and without the capital return requirements of traditional private investment vehicles provides us with the opportunity to achieve greater long-term returns on invested capital. Flexible Transaction Structuring We believe the Adviser’s and our management team’s broad expertise and years of combined experience enable the Adviser to identify, assess, and structure investments successfully across all levels of a company’s capital structure and manage potential risk and return at all stages of the economic cycle. We are not subject to many of the regulatory limitations that govern traditional lending institutions, such as banks. As a result, we are flexible in selecting and structuring investments, adjusting investment criteria and transaction structures and, in some cases, the types of securities in which we invest, thereby affording us a competitive advantage of providing both, equity and debt financing, which may limit uncertainty related to the close of the transaction and the risk of refinancing during periods of market yield compression. We believe that this approach enables the Adviser to craft a financing structure which best fits the investment and growth profile of the underlying business and yields attractive investment opportunities that will continue to generate current income and capital gain potential throughout the economic cycle, including during turbulent periods in the capital markets. Ongoing Management of Investments and Portfolio Company Relationships The Adviser’s investment professionals actively oversee each investment by continuously evaluating the portfolio company’s performance and typically working collaboratively with the portfolio company’s management to identify and incorporate best resources and practices that help us achieve our projected investment performance. Monitoring The Adviser’s investment professionals monitor the financial performance, trends, and changing risks of each portfolio company on an ongoing basis to determine if each portfolio company is performing within expectations and to guide the portfolio company’s management in taking the appropriate courses of action. The Adviser employs various methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance of our investments in portfolio companies, which can include the following: • monthly analysis of financial and operating performance; • frequent assessment of the portfolio company’s performance against its business plan and our investment expectations; • attendance at and/or participation in the portfolio company’s board of directors or management meetings; • assessment of portfolio company management, governance and strategic direction; • assessment of the portfolio company’s industry and competitive environment; and • review and assessment of the portfolio company’s operating outlook and financial projections. Relationship Management The Adviser’s investment professionals interact with various parties involved with a portfolio company, or investment, by actively engaging with internal and external constituents, including: • management; 10 Table of Contents • boards of directors; • financial sponsors; • capital partners; • auditors; and • advisers and consultants. Managerial Assistance and Services As a BDC, we make available significant managerial assistance, as defined in the 1940 Act, to our portfolio companies and provide other services (other than such managerial assistance) to such portfolio companies. Neither we, nor the Adviser, currently receive fees in connection with the managerial assistance we make available. At times, the Adviser may also provide other services to our portfolio companies under certain agreements and may receive fees for services other than managerial assistance. Such services may include: (i) assistance obtaining, sourcing or structuring credit facilities, long term loans or additional equity from unaffiliated third parties; (ii) negotiating important contractual financial relationships; (iii) consulting services regarding restructuring of the portfolio company and financial modeling as it relates to raising additional debt and equity capital from unaffiliated third parties; and (iv) a primary role in interviewing, vetting and negotiating employment contracts with candidates in connection with adding and retaining key portfolio company management team members. The Adviser non-contractually, unconditionally, and irrevocably credits 100% of any fees received for such services against the base management fee that we would otherwise be required to pay to the Adviser, as discussed below in “— Transactions with Related Parties – Investment Advisory and Management Agreement – Base Management Fee;” however, pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, a small percentage of certain of such fees is retained by the Adviser in the form of reimbursement, at cost, for tasks completed by personnel of the Adviser, primarily related to the valuation of portfolio companies. Gladstone Securities also provides other services (such as investment banking and due diligence services) to certain of our portfolio companies and receives fees for the provision of such services, see “— Transactions with Related Parties – Other Transactions ” below. Valuation Process Our Board of Directors has approved investment valuation policies and procedures pursuant to Rule 2a-5 (the “Policy”) and designated the Adviser to serve as the Board of Directors’ valuation designee (“Valuation Designee”) under the 1940 Act. The following is a general description of the Policy that the professionals of the Adviser and Administrator, with oversight and direction from our chief valuation officer, an employee of the Administrator that reports directly to our Board of Directors (collectively, the “Valuation Team”), use each quarter to determine the fair value of our investment portfolio. In accordance with the 1940 Act, our Board of Directors has the ultimate responsibility for reviewing the good faith fair value determination of our investments for which market quotations are not readily available based on our Policy and for overseeing the Valuation Designee. The Adviser values our investments in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 Act and accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (“GAAP”). There is no single standard for determining fair value (especially for privately-held businesses), as fair value depends upon the specific facts and circumstances of each individual investment. Each quarter, our Board of Directors reviews the Policy to determine if changes thereto are advisable and whether the Valuation Team has applied the Policy consistently. With respect to the valuation of our investment portfolio, the Valuation Team performs the following steps each quarter: • Each investment is initially assessed by the Valuation Team using the Policy, which may include: • obtaining fair value quotes or utilizing valuation inputs from third party valuation firms; and • using techniques, such as total enterprise value, yield analysis, market quotes and other factors, including but not limited to: the nature and realizable value of the collateral, including external parties’ guaranties; any relevant offers or letters of intent to acquire the portfolio company; and the markets in which the portfolio company operates. 11 Table of Contents • Preliminary valuation conclusions are then discussed amongst the Valuation Team and with our management and documented for review by our Board of Directors. Fair value determinations and supporting material are sent to the Board of Directors in advance of its quarterly meetings. • The Valuation Committee of the Board of Directors (comprised entirely of independent directors) meets to review the valuation determinations and supporting materials, discusses the information provided by the Valuation Team, determines whether the Valuation Team has followed the Policy and reviews other facts and circumstances, including current valuation risks, conflicts of interest, material valuation matters, appropriateness of valuation methodologies, back-testing results, price challenges/overrides, and ongoing monitoring and oversight of pricing services. After the Valuation Committee concludes its meeting, it and the chief valuation officer, representing the Valuation Designee, present the Valuation Committee’s findings on the Valuation Designee's determinations to the entire Board of Directors so that the full Board of Directors may review the Valuation Designee's determined fair values of such investments in accordance with the Policy. Fair value measurements of our investments may involve subjective judgments and estimates and, due to the uncertainty inherent in valuing these securities, the determinations of fair value may fluctuate from period to period and may differ materially from the values that could be obtained if a ready market for these securities existed. Our net asset value (“NAV”) could be materially affected if the determinations regarding the fair value of our investments are materially different from the values that we ultimately realize upon our disposal of such securities. Our valuation policies, procedures and processes are more fully described in Note 2 — Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Transactions with Related Parties Investment Advisory and Management Agreement Pursuant to our Advisory Agreement, we pay the Adviser certain fees as compensation for its services, consisting of a base management fee and an incentive fee, each as described below. Our Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not parties to the Advisory Agreement or interested persons of either party, unanimously approved the Advisory Agreement. Our Board of Directors considered the following factors as the basis for its decision to approve the Advisory Agreement: (1) the nature, extent and quality of services provided by the Adviser to our stockholders, (2) the investment performance of the Company and the Adviser, (3) the costs of the services to be provided and profits to be realized by the Adviser and its affiliates from the relationship with the Company, (4) the extent to which economies of scale will be realized as the Company and the Affiliated Public Funds grow and whether the fee level under the Advisory Agreement reflects the economies of scale for the Company’s investors, (5) the fee structure of the advisory and administrative agreements of comparable funds, (6) indirect profits to the Adviser created through the Company and (7) in light of the foregoing considerations, the overall fairness of the advisory fees paid under the Advisory Agreement. On January 24, 2025, the Company entered into the Advisory Agreement, which was approved by the Company's stockholders at a stockholders' meeting on January 4, 2024, as a result of a change of control of the Adviser pursuant to a previously disclosed voting trust agreement. There are no changes to the terms, including the fee structure and services to be provided, of the prior Advisory Agreement other than the date and term of the Advisory Agreement. Base Management Fee The base management fee is payable quarterly to the Adviser pursuant to our Advisory Agreement and is assessed at an annual rate of 2.0%, computed on the basis of the value of our average gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed quarters (inclusive of the current quarter), which are total assets, including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings, valued at the end of the applicable quarters within the respective period, and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period. Additionally, as stated above, pursuant to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Adviser makes available significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. The Adviser may also provide other services to our portfolio companies under certain agreements and may receive fees for services other than managerial assistance. Such services may include: (i) assistance obtaining, sourcing or structuring credit facilities, long term loans or additional equity from unaffiliated third parties; (ii) negotiating important contractual financial relationships; (iii) consulting services regarding restructuring of the portfolio company and financial modeling as it relates to raising additional debt and equity capital from unaffiliated third parties; and (iv) a primary role in interviewing, vetting and negotiating employment contracts with candidates in 12 Table of Contents connection with adding and retaining key portfolio company management team members. The Adviser non-contractually, unconditionally, and irrevocably credits 100% of any fees received for such services against the base management fee that we would otherwise be required to pay to the Adviser; however, pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, a small percentage of certain of such fees is retained by the Adviser in the form of reimbursement, at cost, for tasks completed by personnel of the Adviser, primarily related to the valuation of portfolio companies. Loan servicing fees that are payable to the Adviser pursuant to our Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, as amended (the “Credit Facility”), are also 100% credited against the base management fee as discussed below “— Loan Servicing Fee Pursuant to Credit Facility. ” Incentive Fee The incentive fee payable to the Adviser under our Advisory Agreement consists of two parts: an income-based incentive fee and a capital gains-based incentive fee. The income-based incentive fee rewards the Adviser if our quarterly net investment income (before giving effect to any incentive fee) exceeds 1.75% of our net assets, which we define as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any incentive fees payable or contractually due but not payable during the period, at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period (the “Hurdle Rate”). The income-based incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income is payable quarterly to the Adviser and is computed as follows: • No incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the Hurdle Rate; • 100.0% of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle Rate but is less than 2.1875% of our net assets, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period, in any calendar quarter; and • 20.0% of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.1875% of our net assets, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period, in any calendar quarter. For this purpose, pre-incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees, such as commitment, origination, structuring, diligence, consulting fees that we receive from portfolio companies, but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued by us during the calendar quarter, minus our operating expenses for the quarter. Pre-incentive fee net investment income includes, in the case of investments with a deferred interest feature (such as original issue discount, debt instruments with payment-in-kind interest and zero coupon securities), accrued income that we not yet received in cash. Pre-incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains, realized capital losses or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Quarterly Incentive Fee Based on Net Investment Income Pre-incentive fee net investment income (expressed as a percentage of the value of net assets) Percentage of pre-incentive fee net investment income allocated to income-related portion of incentive fee The second part of the incentive fee is a capital gains-based incentive fee that is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), and equals 20.0% of our realized capital gains, less any realized capital losses and unrealized depreciation, calculated as of the end of the preceding calendar year. The capital gains-based incentive fee payable to the Adviser is calculated based on (i) cumulative aggregate realized capital gains since our inception, less (ii) cumulative aggregate realized capital losses since our inception, less (iii) the entire portfolio’s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any, as of the date of the calculation. If this number is positive at the applicable calculation date, then the capital gains-based incentive fee for such year equals 20.0% of such amount, less the aggregate amount of any capital gains-based incentive fees paid in respect of our portfolio in all prior years. For calculation purposes, cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, if any, equals the sum of the excess 13 Table of Contents between the net sales price of each investment, when sold, and the original cost of such investment since our inception. Cumulative aggregate realized capital losses equals the sum of the deficit between the net sales price of each investment, when sold, and the original cost of such investment since our inception. The entire portfolio’s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any, equals the sum of the deficit between the fair value of each investment security as of the applicable calculation date and the original cost of such investment security. For the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, capital gains-based incentive fees of $4.9 million and $1.1 million, respectively, were contractually due and paid to the Adviser. For the year ended March 31, 2023, no capital gains-based incentive fees were contractually due and paid to the Adviser. In accordance with GAAP, accrual of the capital gains-based incentive fee is determined as if our investments had been liquidated at their fair values as of the end of the reporting period. Therefore, GAAP requires that the capital gains-based incentive fee accrual consider the aggregate unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, as a capital gains-based incentive fee would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized. There can be no assurance that any such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. Accordingly, a GAAP accrual is calculated at the end of the reporting period based on (i) cumulative aggregate realized capital gains since our inception, plus (ii) the entire portfolio’s aggregate unrealized capital appreciation, if any, less (iii) cumulative aggregate realized capital losses since our inception, less (iv) the entire portfolio’s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any. If such amount is positive at the end of a reporting period, a capital gains-based incentive fee equal to 20.0% of such amount, less the aggregate amount of capital gains-based incentive fees accrued in all prior years, is recorded, regardless of whether such amount is contractually due under the terms of the Advisory Agreement. If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such period and prior period accruals are reversed, as appropriate. For the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we recorded/(reversed) capital gains-based incentive fees of $7.4 million, $12.7 million and $(0.3) million, respectively. Loan Servicing Fee Pursuant to Credit Facility The Adviser also services the loans held by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Gladstone Business Investment, LLC (“Business Investment”) (the borrower under our Credit Facility), in return for which the Adviser receives a 2.0% annual fee based on the monthly aggregate outstanding balance of loans pledged under our Credit Facility. Since Business Investment is a consolidated subsidiary of ours, coupled with the fact that the total base management fee paid to the Adviser pursuant to the Advisory Agreement cannot exceed 2.0% of total assets (less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings) during any given calendar year, we treat the payment of the loan servicing fee pursuant to our Credit Facility as a pre-payment of the base management fee under the Advisory Agreement. Accordingly, these loan servicing fees are 100% non-contractually, unconditionally, and irrevocably credited back to us by the Adviser. Administration Agreement We reimburse the Administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement for our allocable portion of the Administrator’s expenses incurred while performing services to us, which are primarily rent and salaries and benefits expenses of the Administrator’s employees, including our chief financial officer and treasurer, chief valuation officer, chief compliance officer, general counsel and secretary (who also serves as the Administrator’s president, general counsel, and secretary), and their respective staffs. Our allocable portion of the Administrator’s expenses is generally derived by multiplying the Administrator’s total expenses by the approximate percentage of time during the current quarter that the Administrator’s employees performed services for us in relation to their time spent performing services for all companies serviced by the Administrator. On July 9, 2024, our Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not parties to the Administration Agreement or interested persons of either party, approved the annual renewal of the Administration Agreement through August 31, 2025. For the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, administration fees were $1.9 million, $1.8 million and $1.8 million, respectively. 14 Table of Contents Other Transactions Mr. Gladstone also serves on the board of managers of our affiliate Gladstone Securities, a privately-held broker-dealer registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and insured by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. Gladstone Securities is 100% indirectly owned and controlled by Mr. Gladstone and has provided other services, such as investment banking and due diligence services, to certain of our portfolio companies, for which Gladstone Securities receives a fee. Any such fees paid by portfolio companies to Gladstone Securities do not impact the fees we pay to the Adviser or the non-contractual, unconditional, and irrevocable credits against the base management fee. For additional information, refer to Note 4 — Related Party Transactions in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations This is a general summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us, to our qualification and taxation as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Subchapter M of the Code and to the ownership and disposition of our shares. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of all of the tax considerations relating thereto. In particular, we have not described certain considerations that may be relevant to certain types of stockholders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws. This summary does not discuss any aspect of state, local or foreign tax laws, or the U.S. estate or gift tax. Stockholders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding their particular situations and the possible applicability of federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other tax laws, and any proposed tax law changes. For purposes of this summary, a “U.S. stockholder” is a beneficial owner of stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: • an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; • a corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof of the District of Columbia; • a trust, if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons (as defined in the Code) have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions, or if the trust has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes; or • an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. RIC Status To qualify for treatment as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, we must generally distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90% of our taxable ordinary income plus the excess of our realized net short-term capital gains over our realized net long-term capital losses (“Investment Company Taxable Income”). We refer to this as the “annual distribution requirement.” We must also meet several additional requirements, including: • Business Development Company status: At all times during the taxable year, we must maintain our status as a BDC. • Income source requirements: At least 90% of our gross income for each taxable year must be from dividends, interest, payments with respect to securities, loans, gains from sales or other dispositions of securities or other income (including certain deemed inclusions) derived with respect to our business of investing in securities, and net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly-traded partnership. • Asset diversification requirements: As of the close of each quarter of our taxable year: (1) at least 50% of the value of our assets must consist of cash, cash items, U.S. government securities, the securities of other regulated investment companies and other securities to the extent that (a) we do not hold more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of an issuer of such other securities and (b) such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5% of our total assets (the “50% threshold”), and (2) no more than 25% of the value of our total assets may be invested in the securities (other than U.S. government securities or the securities of other 15 Table of Contents regulated investment companies) of (i) one issuer, (ii) two or more issuers that are controlled by us and are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses, and (iii) one or more qualified publicly-traded partnerships. Our qualification and taxation as a RIC depends upon our ability to satisfy on a continuing basis, through actual, annual operating results, distribution, income and asset, and other requirements imposed under the Code. However, no assurance can be given that we will be able to meet the complex and varied tests required to qualify as a RIC or to avoid corporate level tax. In addition, because the relevant laws may change, compliance with one or more of the RIC requirements may be impossible or impracticable. Failure to Qualify as a RIC If we were to fail to meet the income, diversification, or distribution tests described above, we could in some cases cure such failure, including by paying a fund-level tax, paying interest, making additional distributions, or disposing of certain assets. If we were ineligible to or otherwise did not cure such failure, or were otherwise unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at the regular corporate income tax rate and would be subject to any applicable state and local taxes, even if we distributed all of our Investment Company Taxable Income to our stockholders. We would not be able to deduct distributions to our stockholders, nor would we be required to make such distributions. Distributions would be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees would be eligible for the dividends received deduction, if applicable. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder’s adjusted tax basis, and then as capital gain. If we fail to meet the RIC requirements for more than two consecutive years and then seek to requalify as a RIC, we generally would be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on any unrealized appreciation with respect to our assets unless we make a special election to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on any such unrealized appreciation during the succeeding five-year period. Qualification as a RIC If we qualify as a RIC and meet the annual distribution requirement, we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our Investment Company Taxable Income and net capital gain (realized net long-term capital gain in excess of realized net short-term capital loss) that we timely distribute (or are deemed to distribute) to our stockholders. We would, however, be subject to a 4% nondeductible federal excise tax if we do not distribute, actually or on a deemed basis, an amount at least equal to the sum of (i) 98% of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (ii) 98.2% of our net capital gains for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year (or November 30 or December 31 of that year if we are permitted to elect and so elect) and (iii) any income realized, but not distributed, in the preceding period (to the extent that income tax was not imposed on such amounts), less certain reductions, as applicable . For the calendar years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, we incurred $1.2 million, $1.2 million and $1.3 million, respectively, in excise taxes. As of March 31, 2025, there was no capital loss carryforward. Taxation of Our U.S. Stockholders The following summary generally describes certain U.S federal income tax consequences of an investment in our shares beneficially owned by U.S. stockholders. If you are not a U.S. stockholder this section does not apply to you. Whether an investment is appropriate for a U.S. stockholder will depend upon that person's particular circumstances. An investment by a U.S. stockholder may have adverse tax consequences. U.S. stockholders are urged to consult their tax advisors about the U.S. tax consequences of investing in the fund. Distributions For any period during which we qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, distributions to our stockholders attributable to our Investment Company Taxable Income generally will be taxable as ordinary income to our stockholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Any distributions in excess of our earnings and profits will first be treated as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder’s adjusted basis in his or her shares of stock and thereafter as capital gain. Distributions of our long-term capital gains, reported by us as such, will be taxable to our stockholders as long-term capital gains regardless of the stockholder’s holding period of the stock and whether the distributions are paid in cash or invested in additional stock. Corporate U.S. stockholders generally are eligible for the 50% dividends received deduction with respect to dividends received from us, but only to the extent such amount is attributable to dividends received by us from taxable domestic corporations. 16 Table of Contents Any distribution declared by us in October, November or December of any calendar year, payable to our stockholders of record on a specified date in such a month and actually paid during January of the following year, will be treated as if it were paid by us and received by our stockholders on December 31 of the previous year. In addition, we may elect (in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code) to relate a distribution back to the prior taxable year if we (1) declare such distribution prior to the later of the extended due date for filing our return for that taxable year or the 15 th day of the ninth month following the close of the taxable year, (2) make the election in that return, and (3) distribute the amount in the 12-month period following the close of the taxable year but not later than the first regular distribution payment of the same type following the declaration. Any such election will not alter the general rule that a stockholder will be treated as receiving a distribution in the taxable year in which the distribution is made, subject to the October, November, December rule described above. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, Investment Company Taxable Income exceeded distributions declared and paid, and, in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code, we elected to treat $36.7 million of the first distributions paid to common stockholders in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026 as having been paid in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025. In addition, for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, net capital gains exceeded distributions declared and paid, and, in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code, we elected to treat $18.7 million of the first distributions paid to common stockholders in the fiscal year ending March 31, 2026 as having been paid in the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025. If a common stockholder participates in our “opt in” dividend reinvestment plan, then the common stockholder will have their cash dividends and distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving cash dividends and distributions. Any distributions reinvested under the plan will be taxable to the common stockholder to the same extent, and with the same character, as if the common stockholder had received the distribution in cash. The common stockholder will have an adjusted basis in the additional common shares purchased through the plan equal to the dollar amount that would have been received if the U.S. stockholder had received the dividend or distribution in cash. The additional common shares will have a new holding period commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the common stockholder’s account. The plan agent purchases shares in the open market in connection with the obligations under the plan. We may distribute our net long-term capital gains, if any, in cash or elect to retain some or all of such gains, pay taxes at the U.S. federal corporate-level income tax rate on the amount retained, and designate the retained amount as a “deemed distribution.” If we elect to retain net long-term capital gains and deem them distributed, each U.S. common stockholder will be treated as if they received a distribution of their pro-rata share of the retained net long-term capital gain and the U.S. federal income tax paid. As a result, each U.S. common stockholder will (i) be required to report their pro-rata share of the retained gain on their tax return as long-term capital gain, (ii) receive a refundable tax credit for their pro-rata share of federal income tax paid by us on the retained gain, and (iii) increase the tax basis of their shares of common stock by an amount equal to the deemed distribution less the tax credit. To use the deemed distribution approach, we must provide written notice to our common stockholders prior to the expiration of 60 days after the close of the relevant taxable year. For the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we did not elect to retain long-term capital gains and to treat them as deemed distributions to common stockholders. Sale of Our Shares A U.S. stockholder generally will recognize taxable gain or loss if the U.S. stockholder sells or otherwise disposes of the shares of our common or preferred stock. Any gain arising from such sale or disposition generally will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. stockholder has held the shares for more than one year. Otherwise, it will be classified as short-term capital gain or loss. However, any capital loss arising from the sale or disposition of shares of our stock held for six months or less will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent of the amount of capital gain dividends received, or undistributed capital gain deemed received, with respect to such shares. All or a portion of any loss realized upon a taxable disposition of shares will be disallowed under the Code’s “wash sale” rule if other substantially identical shares are purchased within 30 days before or after the disposition. In such a case, the basis of the newly purchased shares will be adjusted to reflect the disallowed loss. Under the tax laws in effect as of the date of this filing, individual U.S. stockholders are subject to a maximum federal income tax rate of 20% on their net capital gain (i.e. the excess of realized net long-term capital gain over realized net short-term capital loss for a taxable year) including any long-term capital gain derived from an investment in our shares. Such rate is lower than the maximum rate on ordinary income currently payable by individuals. Corporate U.S. stockholders currently are subject to federal income tax on net capital gain at the same rates applied to their ordinary income. Capital losses are subject to limitations on use for both corporate and non-corporate stockholders. Certain U.S. stockholders who are individuals, estates or trusts generally are also subject to a 3.8% Medicare tax on, among other things, dividends on and capital gain from the sale or other disposition of shares of our stock. 17 Table of Contents Backup Withholding and Other Required Withholding We may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax, or backup withholding, from all taxable distributions to any non-corporate U.S. stockholder (i) who fails to furnish us with a correct taxpayer identification number or a certificate that such stockholder is exempt from backup withholding, or (ii) with respect to whom the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) notifies us that such stockholder has failed to properly report certain interest and dividend income to the IRS and to respond to notices to that effect. An individual’s taxpayer identification number is generally his or her social security number. Any amount withheld under backup withholding is allowed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder’s federal income tax liability, provided that proper information is provided to the IRS. Sections 1471-1474 of the Code and the U.S. Treasury and IRS guidance issued thereunder or, collectively, FATCA, generally require that we obtain information sufficient to identify the status of each shareholder under FATCA or under an applicable intergovernmental agreement, or IGA, between the United States and a foreign government. If a shareholder fails to provide the requested information or otherwise fails to comply with FATCA or an IGA, we may be required to withhold under FATCA at a rate of 30% with respect to that shareholder on ordinary dividends it pays. The IRS and the Department of Treasury have issued proposed regulations providing that these withholding rules will not apply to the gross proceeds of share redemptions or capital gain dividends we pay. If a payment is subject to FATCA withholding, we are required to withhold even if such payment would otherwise be exempt from withholding under the rules applicable to foreign shareholders described above (e.g., interest-related dividends). In addition, subject to certain exceptions, this legislation also imposes a 30% withholding on payments to foreign entities that are not financial institutions unless the foreign entity certifies that it does not have a greater than 10% U.S. owner or provides the withholding agent with identifying information on each greater than 10% U.S. owner. Depending on the status of a non-U.S. stockholder and the status of the intermediaries through which they hold their shares, non-U.S. stockholders could be subject to this 30% withholding tax with respect to distributions on their shares and proceeds from the sale of their shares. Under certain circumstances, a non-U.S. stockholder might be eligible for refunds or credits of such taxes. Information Reporting We will send to each of our U.S. stockholders, after the end of each calendar year, a notice providing the amounts includible in the U.S. stockholder’s taxable income for such year as ordinary income and as long-term capital gain for cash distributions received. In addition, the U.S. federal tax status of each year’s distributions will generally be reported to the IRS (including the amount of dividends, if any, eligible for the preferential rates applicable to long-term capital gains). Regulation as a BDC We are a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under Section 54 of the 1940 Act. As such, we are subject to regulation under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates, principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the directors be persons other than “interested persons,” as defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a "vote of a majority of outstanding voting securities,” as defined in the 1940 Act. In general, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the U.S. and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in qualifying assets, as described in Sections 55(a)(1) through (a)(3) of the 1940 Act. Qualifying Assets Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets, other than certain interests in furniture, equipment, real estate, or leasehold improvements (“Operating Assets”), represent at least 70% of 18 Table of Contents total assets, exclusive of Operating Assets. The types of qualifying assets in which we may invest under the 1940 Act include the following: (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer is an eligible portfolio company. An eligible portfolio company is generally defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, any state or states in the U.S.; (b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC or otherwise excluded from the definition of investment company); and (c) satisfies one of the following: (i) it does not have any class of securities with respect to which a broker or dealer may extend margin credit; (ii) it is controlled by the BDC and for which an affiliate of the BDC serves as a director; (iii) it has total assets of not more than $4 million and capital and surplus of not less than $2 million; (iv) it does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; or (v) it has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, with an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting equity of less than $250 million. (2) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) above, or pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities. (3) Cash, cash items, government securities or high quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. As of March 31, 2025, 96.1% of our assets were qualifying assets. Asset Coverage Pursuant to Section 61(a)(3) of the 1940 Act, we are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of senior securities representing indebtedness. However, pursuant to Section 18(c) of the 1940 Act, we are permitted to issue only one class of senior securities that is stock. In either case, we may only issue such senior securities if such class of senior securities, after such issuance, has an asset coverage, as defined in Section 18(h) of the 1940 Act, of at least 150%. As of March 31, 2025, our asset coverage on our senior securities representing indebtedness was 204.4%. In addition, our ability to pay dividends or distributions (other than dividends payable in our common stock) to holders of any class of our capital stock would be restricted if our "senior securities representing indebtedness" fail to have an asset coverage of at least 150% (measured at the time of declaration of such distribution and accounting for such distribution). The 1940 Act does not apply this limitation to privately arranged debt that is not intended to be publicly distributed, unless this limitation is specifically negotiated by the lender. In addition, our ability to pay dividends or distributions (other than dividends payable in our common stock) to our common stockholders would be restricted if our "senior securities that are stock" fail to have an asset coverage of at least 150% (measured at the time of declaration of such distribution and accounting for such distribution). When the value of our assets declines, we might be unable to satisfy these asset coverage requirements. To satisfy the 150% asset coverage requirement in the event that we are seeking to pay a distribution, we might either have to (i) liquidate a portion of our portfolio to repay a portion of our indebtedness or (ii) issue common stock. This may occur at a time when a sale of a portfolio asset may be disadvantageous, or when we have limited access to capital markets on agreeable terms. In addition, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness or for offering costs will not be available for distributions to our stockholders. If we are unable to regain the requisite asset coverage through these methods, we may be forced to suspend the payment of such dividends or distributions. 19 Table of Contents Significant Managerial Assistance A BDC generally must make available significant managerial assistance to issuers of certain of its portfolio securities that the BDC counts as a qualifying asset for the 70% test described above. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. Significant managerial assistance also includes the exercise of a controlling influence over the management and policies of the portfolio company. However, with respect to certain, but not all such securities, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance, or the BDC may exercise such control jointly. Summary

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components that are 95 Table of Contents actively quoted and can be validated to external sources). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. As of March 31, 2025, all of our investments were valued using Level 3 inputs within the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy, except for our investment in Gladstone Alternative Income Fund ("Gladstone Alternative"), which was valued using NAV as a practical expedient. As of March 31, 2024, all of our investments were valued using Level 3 inputs within the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy, except for our investment in Funko Acquisition Holdings, LLC (“Funko”), which was valued using Level 2 inputs. We transfer investments in and out of Level 1, 2 and 3 of the valuation hierarchy as of the beginning balance sheet date, based on changes in the use of observable and unobservable inputs utilized to perform the valuation for the period. There were no transfers in or out of Level 1, 2 and 3 during the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, our investments, by security type, at fair value were categorized as follows within the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy: Fair Value Measurements Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Fair Value As of March 31, 2025: Secured first lien debt $ — $ — $ 514,334 $ 514,334 Secured second lien debt — — 103,580 103,580 Preferred equity — — 302,163 302,163 Common equity/equivalents — — 54,268 54,268 Total — — 974,345 974,345 Investments measured at NAV (A) — — — 4,975 Total Investments at March 31, 2025 $ — $ — $ 974,345 $ 979,320 Fair Value Measurements Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Fair Value As of March 31, 2024: Secured first lien debt $ — $ — $ 474,856 $ 474,856 Secured second lien debt — — 138,703 138,703 Preferred equity — — 213,480 213,480 Common equity/equivalents — 18 (B) 93,447 93,465 Total — 18 920,486 920,504 Investments measured at NAV — — — — Total Investments at March 31, 2024 $ — $ 18 $ 920,486 $ 920,504 (A) Includes our investment in Gladstone Alternative as of March 31, 2025. Investments that are measured at fair value using NAV as a practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented elsewhere in this Annual Report. (B) Fair value was determined based on the closing market price of shares of Funko, Inc. (our units in Funko can be converted into common shares of Funko, Inc.) at the reporting date less a discount for lack of marketability, as our investment was subject to certain restrictions. 96 Table of Contents The following table presents our investments, valued using Level 3 inputs within the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy, and carried at fair value as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, by caption on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, and by security type: Total Recurring Fair Value Measurements Reported in Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities Valued Using Level 3 Inputs March 31, 2025 2024 Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments Secured first lien debt $ 300,751 $ 324,348 Secured second lien debt 92,964 93,340 Preferred equity 200,606 162,522 Common equity/equivalents (A) 54,268 42,005 Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments 648,589 622,215 Affiliate Investments Secured first lien debt 213,240 147,603 Secured second lien debt 10,616 45,363 Preferred equity 101,557 50,958 Common equity/equivalents (B) — 51,442 Total Affiliate Investments 325,413 295,366 Control Investments Secured first lien debt 343 2,905 Secured second lien debt — — Preferred equity — — Common equity/equivalents — — Total Control Investments 343 2,905 Total investments at fair value using Level 3 inputs $ 974,345 $ 920,486 (A) Excludes our investment in Funko with a fair value of $ 18 thousand as of March 31, 2024, which was valued using Level 2 inputs. (B) Excludes our investment in Gladstone Alternative as of March 31, 2025 with a fair value of $ 5.0 million, which was valued using NAV as a practical expedient. In accordance with ASC 820, the following table provides quantitative information about our investments valued using Level 3 fair value measurements as of March 31, 2025 and 2024. The table below is not intended to be all-inclusive, but rather provides information on the significant Level 3 inputs as they relate to our fair value measurements. The weighted-average calculations in the table below are based on the principal balances for all debt-related calculations and on the cost basis for all equity-related calculations for the particular input. 97 Table of Contents Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements Fair Value as of Valuation Technique/ Methodology Unobservable Input Range / Weighted-Average as of March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 Secured first lien debt $ 514,334 $ 474,856 TEV EBITDA multiple 3.7 x – 7.9 x / 6.0 x 4.2 x – 8.8 x / 6.4 x EBITDA $ 1,208 – $ 25,038 / $ 12,162 $ 1,091 – $ 23,547 / $ 10,509 Revenue multiple 0.3 x – 0.6 x / 0.4 x 0.3 x – 0.6 x / 0.4 x Revenue $ 6,690 – $ 102,791 / $ 72,303 $ 31,586 – $ 93,916 / $ 77,580 Secured second lien debt 90,956 113,703 TEV EBITDA multiple 6.1 x – 7.2 x / 6.8 x 5.1 x – 15.0 x / 7.0 x EBITDA $ 3,637 – $ 24,234 / $ 16,900 $ 5,648 – $ 23,003 / $ 14,192 12,624 25,000 Yield Analysis Discount Rate 20.7 % – 20.7 % / 20.7 % 13.8 % – 13.8 % / 13.8 % Preferred equity 302,163 213,480 TEV EBITDA multiple 3.7 x – 7.9 x / 6.1 x 4.2 x – 8.8 x / 6.1 x EBITDA $ 2,153 – $ 25,038 / $ 11,029 $ 1,091 – $ 23,547 / $ 9,502 Revenue multiple 0.3 x – 0.6 x / 0.4 x 0.3 x – 0.6 x / 0.4 x Revenue $ 6,690 – $ 102,791 / $ 53,604 $ 31,586 – $ 93,916 / $ 75,099 Common equity/equivalents (A)(B) 54,268 93,447 TEV EBITDA multiple 5.5 x – 7.2 x / 6.8 x 5.0 x – 15.0 x / 6.4 x EBITDA $ 1,208 – $ 24,234 / $ 18,562 $ 1,154 – $ 63,269 / $ 23,615 Total $ 974,345 $ 920,486 (A) Fair value as of March 31, 2025 excludes our investment in Gladstone Alternative with a fair value of $ 5.0 million, which was valued using NAV as a practical expedient. (B) Fair value as of March 31, 2024 excludes our investment in Funko with a fair value of $ 18 thousand, which was valued using Level 2 inputs. Fair value measurements can be sensitive to changes in one or more of the valuation inputs. Changes in discount rates, EBITDA, or EBITDA multiples (or revenue or revenue multiples), each in isolation, may change the fair value of certain of our investments. Generally, an increase/(decrease) in market yields, discount rates or a (decrease)/increase in EBITDA or EBITDA multiples (or revenue or revenue multiples) may result in a (decrease)/increase in the fair value of certain of our investments. Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements of Investments The following tables provide our portfolio’s changes in fair value, broken out by security type, during the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 for all investments for which the Adviser determines fair value using unobservable (Level 3) inputs. 98 Table of Contents Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Secured First Lien Debt Secured Second Lien Debt Preferred Equity Common Equity/ Equivalents Total Year ended March 31, 2025: Fair value as of March 31, 2024 $ 474,856 $ 138,703 $ 213,480 $ 93,447 $ 920,486 Total gain (loss): Net realized gain (loss) (A) — — 19,790 43,373 63,163 Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation (B) ( 31,122 ) ( 733 ) 63,210 5,068 36,423 Reversal of previously recorded (appreciation) depreciation upon realization (B) — — ( 24,334 ) ( 38,028 ) ( 62,362 ) New investments, repayments and settlements (C) : Issuances / originations 169,200 400 46,617 — 216,217 Settlements / repayments ( 98,600 ) ( 25,000 ) — — ( 123,600 ) Sales — — ( 26,390 ) ( 49,592 ) ( 75,982 ) Transfers (E) — ( 9,790 ) 9,790 — — Fair value as of March 31, 2025 $ 514,334 $ 103,580 $ 302,163 $ 54,268 $ 974,345 Secured First Lien Debt Secured Second Lien Debt Preferred Equity Common Equity/ Equivalents Total Year ended March 31, 2024: Fair value as of March 31, 2023 $ 437,517 $ 75,734 $ 222,585 $ 17,680 $ 753,516 Total gain (loss): Net realized (loss) gain (A) ( 4,550 ) ( 3,200 ) 36,833 881 29,964 Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation (B) ( 7,859 ) ( 1,031 ) 34,050 37,159 62,319 Reversal of previously recorded depreciation (appreciation) upon realization (B) 3,212 3,200 ( 35,329 ) ( 92 ) ( 29,009 ) New investments, repayments and settlements (C) : Issuances / originations 74,536 64,000 14,688 30,700 183,924 Settlements / repayments ( 28,000 ) — — — ( 28,000 ) Sales (D) — — ( 50,726 ) ( 1,502 ) ( 52,228 ) Transfers (E) — — ( 8,621 ) 8,621 — Fair value as of March 31, 2024 $ 474,856 $ 138,703 $ 213,480 $ 93,447 $ 920,486 (A) Included in net realized gain (loss) on investments on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the respective years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. (B) Included in net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation of investments on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the respective years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024. (C) Includes increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, the amortization of discounts, and other non-cash disbursements to portfolio companies, as well as decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments or sales, the amortization of premiums and acquisition costs, and other cost-basis adjustments. (D) 2024: Includes $ 0.3 million of proceeds from the recapitalization of Old World Christmas, Inc. (E) 2025: Transfers represent secured second lien debt of PSI Molded Plastics, Inc. ("PSI Molded") with a total cost basis of $ 16.4 million and $ 9.8 million, which was converted to preferred equity in January 2025. 2024: Transfers represent preferred equity of SFEG Holdings, Inc. ("SFEG") with a total cost basis and fair value of $ 4.8 million and $ 8.6 million, respectively, which was converted to common equity in October 2023. 99 Table of Contents Investment Activity During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2025, the following significant transactions occurred: • In May 2024, our remaining shares in Funko were sold representing an exit of our investment in Funko, and resulting in a return of our equity cost basis of $ 21 thousand and a realized gain of $ 2 thousand. • In July 2024, we invested an additional $ 18.5 million through secured first lien debt in Nocturne Luxury Villas, Inc. ("Nocturne") to fund an add-on acquisition. • In September 2024, we exited our investment in Nth Degree Investment Group, LLC, which resulted in success fee income of $ 0.1 million, a realized gain on our preferred equity of $ 42.3 million and the repayment of our debt investment of $ 25.0 million at par. • In November 2024, we invested $ 27.2 million in a new portfolio company, Pyrotek Special Effects, Inc. ("Pyrotek"), in the form of $ 20.1 million of secured first lien debt and $ 7.1 million of preferred equity. Pyrotek, headquartered in Ontario, Canada, is a leading provider of special effects services and solutions for the live entertainment industry. • In December 2024, we invested $ 5.0 million in Gladstone Alternative, one of our affiliated funds, through common equity. Gladstone Alternative is a registered, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that operates as an interval fund. • In December 2024, we invested $ 71.3 million in a new portfolio company, Nielsen-Kellerman Acquisition Corp. ("Nielsen-Kellerman"), in the form of $ 49.1 million of secured first lien debt and $ 22.2 million of preferred equity. Nielsen-Kellerman, headquartered in Boothwyn, Pennsylvania, designs, manufactures, and distributes a wide range of rugged, waterproof environmental measurement and sports performance instruments. • In December 2024, we invested $ 78.7 million in a new portfolio company, Ricardo Defense, Inc. ("Ricardo"), in the form of $ 61.3 million of secured first lien debt and $ 17.4 million of preferred equity. Ricardo, headquartered in Troy, Michigan, with operations in California, Texas and Alabama and overseas, develops engineering and product solutions for U.S. Army vehicle and logistics programs. • In January 2025, we restructured our investment in PSI Molded. As a result of the restructuring, we converted debt with a cost basis of $ 16.4 million into preferred equity. • In February 2025, we invested an additional $ 3.0 million through secured first lien debt in Pyrotek to fund an add-on acquisition. • In February 2025, we recapitalized our existing investment in Educators Resource, Inc. and invested an additional $ 10.0 million in the form of secured first lien debt. In connection with this recapitalization, we received dividend income of $ 1.8 million. • In March 2025, we exited our investment in Nocturne, which resulted in success fee income of $ 3.5 million, a realized gain on our preferred equity of $ 19.8 million and the repayment of our debt investment of $ 85.6 million at par. Investment Concentrations As of March 31, 2025, our investment portfolio consisted of investments in 25 portfolio companies located in 19 states or countries across 16 different industries with an aggregate fair value of $ 979.3 million. Our investments in SFEG, Ricardo, Brunswick Bowling Products, Inc., Nielsen-Kellerman and The E3 Company, LLC represented our five largest portfolio investments at fair value, and collectively comprised $ 401.7 million, or 41.0 %, of our total investment portfolio at fair value as of March 31, 2025. 100 Table of Contents The following table summarizes our investments by security type as of March 31, 2025 and 2024: March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 Cost Fair Value Cost Fair Value Secured first lien debt $ 584,026 62.2 % $ 514,334 52.5 % $ 513,425 60.1 % $ 474,856 51.6 % Secured second lien debt 103,956 11.1 % 103,580 10.6 % 144,958 16.9 % 138,703 15.0 % Total debt 687,982 73.3 % 617,914 63.1 % 658,383 77.0 % 613,559 66.6 % Preferred equity 201,487 21.5 % 302,163 30.9 % 145,070 17.0 % 213,480 23.2 % Common equity/equivalents 49,597 5.2 % 59,243 6.0 % 50,837 6.0 % 93,465 10.2 % Total equity/equivalents 251,084 26.7 % 361,406 36.9 % 195,907 23.0 % 306,945 33.4 % Total investments $ 939,066 100.0 % $ 979,320 100.0 % $ 854,290 100.0 % $ 920,504 100.0 % Investments at fair value consisted of the following industry classifications as of March 31, 2025 and 2024: March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments Diversified/Conglomerate Services $ 170,360 17.4 % $ 264,535 28.7 % Home and Office Furnishings, Housewares, and Durable Consumer Products 159,236 16.3 % 160,038 17.3 % Aerospace and Defense 107,869 10.9 % 29,064 3.2 % Machinery (Non-Agriculture, Non-Construction, and Non-Electronic) 105,432 10.8 % 92,781 10.1 % Leisure, Amusement, Motion Pictures, and Entertainment 78,460 8.0 % 39,350 4.3 % Electronics 71,573 7.2 % — — % Oil and Gas 69,589 7.1 % 51,171 5.6 % Buildings and Real Estate 69,320 7.1 % 60,431 6.6 % Healthcare, Education, and Childcare 51,501 5.3 % 49,638 5.4 % Mining, Steel, Iron and Non-Precious Metals 41,010 4.2 % 30,537 3.3 % Cargo Transport 12,624 1.3 % 13,500 1.5 % Printing and Publishing 11,681 1.2 % 14,238 1.5 % Chemicals, Plastics, and Rubber 11,612 1.2 % 20,363 2.2 % Hotels, Motels, Inns, and Gaming — — % 77,366 8.4 % Other < 2.0% 19,053 2.0 % 17,492 1.9 % Total investments $ 979,320 100.0 % $ 920,504 100.0 % Investments at fair value were included in the following geographic regions of the U.S. and Canada as of March 31, 2025 and 2024: March 31, 2025 March 31, 2024 Location Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments United States South $ 317,294 32.4 % $ 346,838 37.7 % Midwest 227,415 23.2 % 141,925 15.4 % West 222,062 22.7 % 223,871 24.3 % Northeast 182,669 18.7 % 207,870 22.6 % Canada 29,880 3.0 % — — % Total investments $ 979,320 100.0 % $ 920,504 100.0 % The geographic region indicates the location of the headquarters for our portfolio companies. A portfolio company may have additional business locations in other geographic regions. 101 Table of Contents Investment Principal Repayments The following table summarizes the contractual principal repayment and maturity of our investment portfolio for the next five fiscal years and thereafter, assuming no voluntary prepayments, as of March 31, 2025: Amount For the fiscal years ending March 31: 2026 $ 104,787 2027 133,336 2028 105,409 2029 184,944 2030 159,506 Thereafter — Total contractual repayments $ 687,982 Investments in equity securities 251,084 Total cost basis of investments held as of March 31, 2025: $ 939,066 Receivables from Portfolio Companies Receivables from portfolio companies represent non-recurring costs that we incurred on behalf of portfolio companies. Such receivables, net of any allowance for uncollectible receivables, are included in Other assets, net on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities . We generally maintain an allowance for uncollectible receivables from portfolio companies when the receivable balance becomes 90 days or more past due or if it is determined, based upon management’s judgment, that the portfolio company is unable to pay its obligations. We write-off accounts receivable when we have exhausted collection efforts and have deemed the receivables uncollectible. As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, we had gross receivables from portfolio companies of $ 2.3 million and $ 2.2 million, respectively. As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, the allowance for uncollectible receivables was $ 1.7 million and $ 1.4 million, respectively. NOTE 4. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Transactions with the Adviser We pay the Adviser certain fees as compensation for its services under the Advisory Agreement, consisting of a base management fee and an incentive fee and a loan servicing fee for the Adviser’s role as servicer pursuant to our Credit Facility, all as described below. Our Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not parties to the Advisory Agreement or interested persons of either party, approved the Advisory Agreement. On January 24, 2025, the Company entered into the Advisory Agreement, which was approved by the Company’s stockholders at a stockholders’ meeting on January 4, 2024, as a result of a change of control of the Adviser pursuant to the previously disclosed voting trust agreement. There are no changes to the terms, including the fee structure and services to be provided, of the prior Advisory Agreement, other than the date and term of the Advisory Agreement. One of our executive officers, David Gladstone (our chairman and chief executive officer) serves as a director and executive officer of the Adviser, which, as of March 31, 2025, is 100 % indirectly owned by Mr. Gladstone. David Dullum (our president) is also the executive vice president of private equity (buyouts) of the Adviser. Michael LiCalsi, our general counsel and secretary (who also serves as the Administrator’s president, general counsel and secretary), is also the executive vice president of administration, general counsel, and secretary of our Adviser. 102 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the base management fees, loan servicing fees, incentive fees, and associated non-contractual, unconditional, and irrevocable credits reflected in our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations : Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Average total assets subject to base management fee (A)(B) $ 955,250 $ 875,000 $ 739,900 Multiplied by annual base management fee of 2.0 % 2.0 % 2.0 % 2.0 % Base management fee (C) 19,105 17,500 14,798 Credits to fees from Adviser - other (C) ( 5,109 ) ( 5,596 ) ( 3,811 ) Net base management fee $ 13,996 $ 11,904 $ 10,987 Loan servicing fee (C) $ 9,636 $ 9,118 $ 7,880 Credits to base management fee - loan servicing fee (C) ( 9,636 ) ( 9,118 ) ( 7,880 ) Net loan servicing fee $ — $ — $ — Incentive fee – income-based $ 4,820 $ 8,336 $ 9,176 Incentive fee – capital gains-based (D) 7,445 12,711 ( 296 ) Total incentive fee (C) 12,265 21,047 8,880 Credits to fees from Adviser - other (C) — — — Net total incentive fee $ 12,265 $ 21,047 $ 8,880 (A) Average total assets subject to the base management fee is defined in the Advisory Agreement as total assets, including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings, valued at the end of the applicable quarters within the respective periods and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the periods. (B) Excludes our investment in Gladstone Alternative valued at the end of the applicable quarters within the respective periods. (C) Reflected as a line item on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations . (D) The capital gains-based incentive fees are recorded in accordance with GAAP and do not necessarily reflect amounts contractually due under the terms of the Advisory Agreement. Base Management Fee The base management fee is payable quarterly to the Adviser pursuant to our Advisory Agreement and is assessed at an annual rate of 2.0 %, computed on the basis of the value of our average gross assets at the end of the two most recently completed quarters (inclusive of the current quarter), which are total assets, including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings, valued at the end of the applicable quarters within the respective period and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period. Additionally, pursuant to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Adviser makes available significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. The Adviser may also provide other services to our portfolio companies under certain agreements and may receive fees for services other than managerial assistance. Such services may include: (i) assistance obtaining, sourcing or structuring credit facilities, long term loans or additional equity from unaffiliated third parties; (ii) negotiating important contractual financial relationships; (iii) consulting services regarding restructuring of the portfolio company and financial modeling as it relates to raising additional debt and equity capital from unaffiliated third parties; and (iv) taking a primary role in interviewing, vetting, and negotiating employment contracts with candidates in connection with adding and retaining key portfolio company management team members. The Adviser non-contractually, unconditionally, and irrevocably credits 100 % of any fees received for such services against the base management fee that we would otherwise be required to pay to the Adviser; however, pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, a small percentage of certain of such fees, was retained by the Adviser in the form of reimbursement, at cost, for tasks completed by personnel of the Adviser, primarily related to the valuation of portfolio companies. For the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, these credits totaled $ 0.4 million, $ 0.3 million, and $ 0.2 million, respectively. Loan Servicing Fee The Adviser also services the loans held by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Business Investment (the borrower under the Credit Facility), in return for which the Adviser receives a 2.0 % annual fee based on the monthly aggregate outstanding balance of loans pledged under our Credit Facility. Since Business Investment is a consolidated subsidiary of ours, coupled 103 Table of Contents with the fact that the total base management fee paid to the Adviser pursuant to the Advisory Agreement cannot exceed 2.0 % of total assets (less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings) during any given calendar year, we treat payment of the loan servicing fee pursuant to the Credit Facility as a pre-payment of the base management fee under the Advisory Agreement. Accordingly, these loan servicing fees are 100 % non-contractually, unconditionally, and irrevocably credited back to us by the Adviser. Incentive Fee The incentive fee payable to the Adviser under our Advisory Agreement consists of two parts: an income-based incentive fee and a capital gains-based incentive fee. The income-based incentive fee rewards the Adviser if our quarterly net investment income (before giving effect to any incentive fee) exceeds 1.75 % of our net assets, which we define as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any incentive fees payable or contractually due but not payable during the period, at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period (the “Hurdle Rate”). The income-based incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income is payable quarterly to the Adviser and is computed as follows: • No incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the Hurdle Rate; • 100.0 % of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the Hurdle Rate but is less than 2.1875 % of our net assets, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period, in any calendar quarter; and • 20.0 % of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.1875 % of our net assets, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period, in any calendar quarter. The second part of the incentive fee is a capital gains-based incentive fee that is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date), and equals 20.0 % of our realized capital gains, less any realized capital losses and unrealized depreciation, calculated as of the end of the preceding calendar year. The capital gains-based incentive fee payable to the Adviser is calculated based on (i) cumulative aggregate realized capital gains since our inception, less (ii) cumulative aggregate realized capital losses since our inception, less (iii) the entire portfolio’s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any, as of the date of the calculation. If this number is positive at the applicable calculation date, then the capital gains-based incentive fee for such year equals 20.0 % of such amount, less the aggregate amount of any capital gains-based incentive fees paid in respect of our portfolio in all prior years. For calculation purposes, cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, if any, equals the sum of the excess between the net sales price of each investment, when sold, and the original cost of such investment since our inception. Cumulative aggregate realized capital losses equals the sum of the deficit between the net sales price of each investment, when sold, and the original cost of such investment since our inception. The entire portfolio’s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any, equals the sum of the deficit between the fair value of each investment security as of the applicable calculation date and the original cost of such investment security. For the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, capital gains-based incentive fees of $ 4.9 million and $ 1.1 million, respectively, were contractually due and paid to the Adviser. For the year ended March 31, 2023, no capital gains-based incentive fees were contractually due and paid to the Adviser. In accordance with GAAP, accrual of the capital gains-based incentive fee is determined as if our investments had been liquidated at their fair values as of the end of the reporting period. Therefore, GAAP requires that the capital gains-based incentive fee accrual consider the aggregate unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, as a capital gains-based incentive fee would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized. There can be no assurance that any such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. Accordingly, a GAAP accrual is calculated at the end of the reporting period based on (i) cumulative aggregate realized capital gains since our inception, plus (ii) the entire portfolio’s aggregate unrealized capital appreciation, if any, less (iii) cumulative aggregate realized capital losses since our inception, less (iv) the entire portfolio’s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any. If such amount is positive at the end of a reporting period, a capital gains-based incentive fee equal to 20.0 % of such amount, less the aggregate amount of capital gains-based incentive fees accrued in all prior years, is recorded, regardless of whether such amount is contractually due under the terms of the Advisory Agreement. If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such period and prior period accruals are reversed, as appropriate. During the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, we recorded/(reversed) capital gains-based incentive fees of $ 7.4 million, $ 12.7 million and $( 0.3 ) million, respectively. 104 Table of Contents Transactions with the Administrator We reimburse the Administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement for our allocable portion of the Administrator’s expenses incurred while performing services to us, which are primarily rent and salaries and benefits expenses of the Administrator’s employees, including, our chief financial officer and treasurer, chief valuation officer, chief compliance officer, and general counsel and secretary, and their respective staffs. One of our executive officers, David Gladstone (our chairman and chief executive officer) serves as a member of the board of managers and executive officer of the Administrator, which is 100 % indirectly owned and controlled by Mr. Gladstone. Another of our officers, Mr. LiCalsi (our general counsel and secretary), serves as the Administrator’s president as well as the executive vice president of administration, general counsel, and secretary for the Adviser. Our allocable portion of the Administrator’s expenses is generally derived by multiplying the Administrator’s total expenses by the approximate percentage of time during the current quarter the Administrator’s employees performed services for us in relation to their time spent performing services for all companies serviced by the Administrator. On July 9, 2024, our Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not parties to the Administration Agreement or interested persons of either party, approved the annual renewal of the Administration Agreement through August 31, 2025. For the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, administration fees were $ 1.9 million, $ 1.8 million and $ 1.8 million, respectively. Transactions with Gladstone Securities, LLC Gladstone Securities, LLC (“Gladstone Securities”) is a privately held broker dealer registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and insured by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. Gladstone Securities is an affiliate of ours, as its parent company is 100 % indirectly owned and controlled by David Gladstone, our chairman and chief executive officer. Mr. Gladstone also serves on the board of managers of Gladstone Securities. From time to time, Gladstone Securities provides services, such as investment banking and due diligence services, to certain of our portfolio companies, for which it receives a fee. Any such fees paid by portfolio companies to Gladstone Securities do not impact the fees we pay to the Adviser or the non-contractual, unconditional, and irrevocable credits against the base management fee. During the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, the fees received by Gladstone Securities from portfolio companies totaled $ 2.0 million, $ 0.3 million, and $ 1.6 million, respectively. Investment in Affiliated Fund In December 2024, we invested in Gladstone Alternative, one of our affiliated funds, that is a registered, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that operates as an interval fund. The fair value of the investment in Gladstone Alternative will be excluded from the average total assets subject to base management fee for the purposes of calculating the base management fee we pay to the Adviser. Related Party Fees Due Amounts due to related parties on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities were as follows: As of March 31, 2025 2024 Base management and loan servicing fee due to Adviser, net of credits $ 2,027 $ 2,386 Incentive fee due to Adviser (A) 41,663 38,936 Other due to Adviser 126 22 Total fees due to Adviser $ 43,817 $ 41,344 Fee due to Administrator 767 727 Total related party fees due $ 44,584 $ 42,071 (A) Includes a capital gains-based incentive fee of $ 39.3 million and $ 36.7 million as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, recorded in accordance with GAAP requirements and which was not contractually due under the terms of the Advisory Agreement. Refer to Note 4 — Related Party Transactions — Transactions with the Adviser — Incentive Fee for additional information, including capital gains-based incentive fee payments made. 105 Table of Contents Co-investment expenses as of both March 31, 2025 and 2024 were $ 0.1 million , respectively. These amounts are generally settled in the quarter subsequent to being incurred and have been included in Other assets, net on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. NOTE 5. BORROWINGS Revolving Line of Credit As of March 31, 2025 , our Credit Facility had a total commitment amount of $ 270.0 million with an “accordion” feature that permits us to increase the size of the facility to $ 300.0 million. The Credit Facility has a revolving period end date of October 30, 2026 and a final maturity date of October 30, 2028 (at which time all principal and interest will be due and payable if the Credit Facility is not extended by the revolving period end date). Advances under the Credit Facility generally bear interest at 30-day Term SOFR, subject to a floor of 0.35 %, with a SOFR credit spread adjustment of 10 basis points, plus a margin of 3.15 % per annum until October 30, 2026, with the margin then increasing to 3.40 % for the period from October 30, 2026 to October 30, 2027, and increasing further to 3.65 % thereafter. The Credit Facility has an unused commitment fee on the daily unused commitment amount of 0.50 % per annum if the daily unused commitment amount is less than or equal to 50% of the total commitment amount, 0.75 % per annum if the daily unused commitment amount is greater than 50% but less than or equal to 65% of the total commitment amount, and 1.00 % per annum if the daily unused commitment amount is greater than 65% of the total commitment amount. The following tables summarize noteworthy information related to our Credit Facility: As of March 31, 2025 2024 Commitment amount $ 270,000 $ 200,000 Borrowings outstanding at cost $ — $ 67,000 Availability (A) $ 270,000 $ 133,000 For the Years Ended March 31 2025 2024 2023 Weighted-average borrowings outstanding $ 60,305 $ 60,980 $ 16,186 Effective interest rate (B) 10.6 % 10.1 % 17.3 % Commitment (unused) fees incurred $ 1,400 $ 986 $ 1,655 (A) Availability is subject to various constraints, characteristics, and applicable advance rates based on collateral quality under our Credit Facility, which equated to an adjusted availability of $ 270.0 million and $ 133.0 million as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. (B) Excludes the impact of deferred financing costs and includes unused commitment fees. Interest is payable monthly during the term of our Credit Facility. Available borrowings are subject to various constraints and applicable advance rates, which are generally based on the size, characteristics, and quality of the collateral pledged by Business Investment. Our Credit Facility also requires that any interest and principal payments on pledged loans be remitted directly by the borrower into a lockbox account with KeyBank. KeyBank is also the trustee of the account and generally remits the collected funds to us once a month. Amounts collected in the lockbox account with KeyBank are presented as Due from administrative agent on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. Among other things, our Credit Facility contains a performance guaranty that requires us to maintain (i) a minimum net worth of the greater of $ 210.0 million or $ 210.0 million plus 50 % of all equity and subordinated debt raised, minus 50 % of any equity or subordinated debt redeemed or retired after November 16, 2016, which equated to $ 412.9 million as of March 31, 2025; (ii) asset coverage with respect to senior securities representing indebtedness of at least 150 % (or such percentage as may be set forth in Section 18 of the 1940 Act, as modified by Section 61 of the 1940 Act); and (iii) our status as a BDC under the 1940 Act and as a RIC under the Code. As of March 31, 2025, and as defined in the performance guaranty of our Credit Facility, we had a net worth of $ 953.3 million, asset coverage on our senior securities representing indebtedness of 204.4 %, calculated in compliance with the requirements of Sections 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act, and an active status as a BDC and RIC. As of March 31, 2025, we were in compliance with all covenants under our Credit Facility. 106 Table of Contents Fair Value We elected to apply the fair value option of ASC Topic 825, “ Financial Instruments ,” to the Credit Facility, which was consistent with our application of ASC 820 to our investments. Generally, the fair value of our Credit Facility is determined using a yield analysis, which includes a DCF calculation and also takes into account the assumptions the Valuation Team believes market participants would use, including the estimated remaining life, counterparty credit risk, current market yield and interest rate spreads of similar securities as of the measurement date. At March 31, 2025, the discount rate used to determine the fair value of our Credit Facility was 30-day Term SOFR, with a 0.35 % floor, plus 3.25 % per annum, plus an unused commitment fee of 1.0 %. At March 31, 2024 , the discount rate used to determine the fair value of our Credit Facility was 30-day Term SOFR, with a 0.35 % floor, plus 3.25 % per annum, plus an unused commitment fee of 1.0 % . Generally, an increase or decrease in the discount rate used in the DCF calculation may result in a corresponding decrease or increase, respectively, in the fair value of our Credit Facility. At each of March 31, 2025 and 2024, our Credit Facility was valued using Level 3 inputs and any changes in its fair value are recorded in Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of other on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations . The following tables provide relevant information and disclosures about our Credit Facility as of and for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, as required by ASC 820: Level 3 – Borrowings Recurring Fair Value Measurements Reported in Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) As of March 31, 2025 2024 Credit Facility $ — $ 67,000 Fair Value Measurements of Borrowings Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Reported in Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities Credit Facility Year ended March 31, 2025: Fair value at March 31, 2024 $ 67,000 Borrowings 214,100 Repayments ( 281,100 ) Unrealized appreciation — Fair value at March 31, 2025 $ — Year ended March 31, 2024: Fair value at March 31, 2023 $ 35,171 Borrowings 242,300 Repayments ( 210,500 ) Unrealized depreciation 29 Fair value at March 31, 2024 $ 67,000 The fair value of the collateral under our Credit Facility was $ 764.7 million and $ 717.3 million as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Notes Payable 5.00 % Notes due 2026 In March 2021 , we completed a public offering of 5.00 % Notes due 2026 with an aggregate principal amount of $ 127.9 million (the “ 5.00 % 2026 Notes”), which resulted in net proceeds of approximately $ 123.8 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs borne by us. The 5.00 % 2026 Notes are traded under the ticker symbol “GAINN” on the Nasdaq Global Select Market (“Nasdaq”). The 5.00 % 2026 Notes will mature on May 1, 2026 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company's option. The 5.00 % 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.00 % per year, which is payable quarterly in arrears. 107 Table of Contents The indenture relating to the 5.00 % 2026 Notes contains certain covenants, including (i) an inability to incur additional debt or issue additional debt or preferred securities unless the Company’s asset coverage meets the threshold specified in the 1940 Act after such borrowing, (ii) an inability to declare any dividend or distribution (except a dividend payable in our stock) on a class of our capital stock or to purchase shares of our capital stock unless the Company’s asset coverage meets the threshold specified in the 1940 Act at the time of (and giving effect to) such declaration or purchase, and (iii) if, at any time, we are not subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), we will provide the holders of the 5.00 % 2026 Notes, and the trustee with audited annual consolidated financial statements and unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. The 5.00 % 2026 Notes are recorded at the aggregate principal amount, less underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering costs, on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities . Total underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering costs related to this offering were $ 4.1 million, which have been recorded as discounts to the aggregate principal amount on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and are being amortized over the period ending May 1, 2026, the maturity date. 4.875 % Notes due 2028 In August 2021 , we completed a public offering of 4.875 % Notes due 2028 with an aggregate principal amount of $ 134.6 million (the “ 4.875 % 2028 Notes”), which resulted in net proceeds of approximately $ 131.3 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs borne by us. The 4.875 % 2028 Notes are traded under the ticker symbol “GAINZ” on Nasdaq. The 4.875 % 2028 Notes will mature on November 1, 2028 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company's option. The 4.875 % 2028 Notes bear interest at a rate of 4.875 % per year, which is payable quarterly in arrears. The indenture relating to the 4.875 % 2028 Notes contains certain covenants, including (i) an inability to incur additional debt or issue additional debt or preferred securities unless the Company’s asset coverage meets the threshold specified in the 1940 Act after such borrowing, (ii) an inability to declare any dividend or distribution (except a dividend payable in our stock) on a class of our capital stock or to purchase shares of our capital stock unless the Company’s asset coverage meets the threshold specified in the 1940 Act at the time of (and giving effect to) such declaration or purchase, and (iii) if, at any time, we are not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we will provide the holders of the 4.875 % 2028 Notes, and the trustee with audited annual consolidated financial statements and unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. The 4.875 % 2028 Notes are recorded at the aggregate principal amount, less underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering costs, on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities . Total underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering costs related to this offering were $ 3.3 million, which have been recorded as discounts to the aggregate principal amount on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and are being amortized over the period ending November 1, 2028, the maturity date. 8.00 % Notes due 2028 In May 2023, we completed a public offering of 8.00 % Notes due 2028 with an aggregate principal amount of $ 74.8 million (the “ 8.00 % 2028 Notes”), which resulted in net proceeds of approximately $ 72.3 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs borne by us. The 8.00 % 2028 Notes are traded under the ticker symbol “GAINL” on Nasdaq. The 8.00 % 2028 Notes will mature on August 1, 2028 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company’s option on or after August 1, 2025. The 8.00 % 2028 Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.00 % per year, which is payable quarterly in arrears. The indenture relating to the 8.00 % 2028 Notes contains certain covenants, including (i) an inability to incur additional debt or issue additional debt or preferred securities unless the Company’s asset coverage meets the threshold specified in the 1940 Act after such borrowing, (ii) an inability to declare any dividend or distribution (except a dividend payable in our stock) on a class of our capital stock or to purchase shares of our capital stock unless the Company’s asset coverage meets the threshold specified in the 1940 Act at the time of (and giving effect to) such declaration or purchase, and (iii) if, at any time, we are not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we will provide the holders of the 8.00 % 2028 Notes and the trustee with audited annual consolidated financial statements and unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 108 Table of Contents The 8.00 % 2028 Notes are recorded at the aggregate principal amount, less underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering costs, on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities . Total underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering costs related to this offering were $ 2.5 million, which have been recorded as discounts to the aggregate principal amount on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and are being amortized over the period ending August 1, 2028, the maturity date. 7.875 % Notes due 2030 In December 2024 , we completed a public offering of 7.875 % Notes due 2030 with an aggregate principal amount of $ 126.5 million (the " 7.875 % 2030 Notes"), which resulted in net proceeds of approximately $ 122.4 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs borne by us. The 7.875 % 2030 Notes are traded under the ticker symbol “GAINI” on Nasdaq. The 7.875 % 2030 Notes will mature on February 1, 2030 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company’s option on or after February 1, 2027. The 7.875 % 2030 Notes bear interest at a rate of 7.875 % per year , payable quarterly in arrears. The indenture relating to the 7.875 % 2030 Notes contains certain covenants, including (i) an inability to incur additional debt or issue additional debt or preferred securities unless the Company’s asset coverage meets the threshold specified in the 1940 Act after such borrowing, (ii) an inability to declare any dividend or distribution (except a dividend payable in our stock) on a class of our capital stock or to purchase shares of our capital stock unless the Company’s asset coverage meets the threshold specified in the 1940 Act at the time of (and giving effect to) such declaration or purchase, and (iii) if, at any time, we are not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we will provide the holders of the 7.875 % 2030 Notes and the trustee with audited annual consolidated financial statements and unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. The 7.875 % 2030 Notes are recorded at the aggregate principal amount, less underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering costs, on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities . Total underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering costs related to this offering were $ 4.1 million, which have been recorded as discounts to the aggregate principal amount on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities and are being amortized over the period ending February 1, 2030, the maturity date. The following tables summarize our 5.00 % 2026 Notes, 4.875 % 2028 Notes, 8.00 % 2028 Notes and 7.875 % 2030 Notes as of March 31, 2025 and 2024: As of March 31, 2025: Description Ticker Symbol Date Issued Maturity Date (A) Interest Rate Notes Outstanding Principal Amount per Note Aggregate Principal Amount 5.00 % 2026 Notes GAINN March 2, 2021 May 1, 2026 5.00 % 5,117,500 $ 25.00 $ 127,938 4.875 % 2028 Notes GAINZ August 18, 2021 November 1, 2028 4.875 % 5,382,000 $ 25.00 134,550 8.00 % 2028 Notes GAINL May 31, 2023 August 1, 2028 8.00 % 2,990,000 $ 25.00 74,750 7.875 % 2030 Notes GAINI December 17, 2024 February 1, 2030 7.875 % 5,060,000 $ 25.00 126,500 Notes payable, gross (B) 18,549,500 463,738 Less: Unamortized Discounts ( 8,029 ) Notes payable, net (C) $ 455,709 109 Table of Contents As of March 31, 2024: Description Ticker Symbol Date Issued Maturity Date (A) Interest Rate Notes Outstanding Principal Amount per Note Aggregate Principal Amount 5.00 % 2026 Notes GAINN March 2, 2021 May 1, 2026 5.00 % 5,117,500 $ 25.00 $ 127,938 4.875 % 2028 Notes GAINZ August 18, 2021 November 1, 2028 4.875 % 5,382,000 $ 25.00 134,550 8.00 % 2028 Notes GAINL May 31, 2023 August 1, 2028 8.00 % 2,990,000 $ 25.00 74,750 Notes payable, gross (B) 13,489,500 337,238 Less: Unamortized Discounts ( 5,893 ) Notes payable, net (C) $ 331,345 (A) The 5.00 % 2026 Notes and the 4.875 % 2028 Notes can be redeemed at our option at any time. The 8.00 % 2028 Notes can be redeemed at our option at any time on or after August 1, 2025. The 7.875 % 2030 Notes can be redeemed at our option at any time on or after February 1, 2027. (B) As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, asset coverage on our senior securities representing indebtedness, calculated pursuant to Sections 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act, was 204.4 % and 219.0 %, respectively. (C) Reflected as a line item on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities . The fair value based on the last reported closing prices of the 5.00 % 2026 Notes, 4.875 % 2028 Notes, 8.00 % 2028 Notes and 7.875 % 2030 Notes as of March 31, 2025 was $ 127.5 million, $ 125.0 million, $ 77.5 million and $ 128.5 million, respectively. The fair value based on the last reported closing prices of the 5.00 % 2026 Notes, 4.875 % 2028 Notes and 8.00 % 2028 Notes as of March 31, 2024 was $ 123.9 million, $ 123.7 million and $ 77.3 million, respectively. We consider the closing prices of the 5.00 % 2026 Notes, 4.875 % 2028 Notes, 8.00 % 2028 Notes and 7.875 % 2030 Notes to be Level 1 inputs within the ASC 820 hierarchy. NOTE 6. REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND COMMON EQUITY OFFERINGS Registration Statement On February 28, 2024, we filed a registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-277452), which the SEC declared effective on April 18, 2024. The registration statement permits us to issue, through one or more transactions, up to an aggregate of $ 450.0 million in securities, consisting of common stock, preferred stock, subscription rights, debt securities, and warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock, or debt securities, including through concurrent, separate offerings of such securities. As of March 31, 2025, we have the ability to issue up to an additional $ 321.5 million of the securities registered under the registration statement. On September 3, 2021, we filed a registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-259302), which the SEC declared effective on October 15, 2021. The registration statement permitted us to issue, through one or more transactions, up to an aggregate of $ 300.0 million in securities, consisting of common stock, preferred stock, subscription rights, debt securities, and warrants to purchase common stock, preferred stock, or debt securities, including through concurrent, separate offerings of such securities. This registration statement was terminated on April 18, 2024 Common Equity Offerings In May 2024, we entered into equity distribution agreements with Oppenheimer & Co., B. Riley Securities, Inc. and Virtu Americas LLC (collectively, the "Sales Agents"), under which we have the ability to issue and sell shares of our common stock, from time to time, through the Sales Agents, having an aggregate offering price of up to $ 75.0 million in what is commonly referred to as an “at-the-market” program (the “2024 Common Stock ATM Program”). As of March 31, 2025, we had remaining capacity to sell up to an additional $ 73.0 million of common stock under the 2024 Common Stock ATM Program. 110 Table of Contents In August 2022, we entered into equity distribution agreements with Oppenheimer & Co. and Virtu Americas LLC (each a “2022 Sales Agent”), under which we had the ability to issue and sell shares of our common stock, from time to time, through the 2022 Sales Agents, up to an aggregate offering price of $ 50.0 million in what is commonly referred to as an “at-the-market” program (“2022 Common Stock ATM Program”). In August 2023, we entered into an equity distribution agreement with B. Riley Securities, Inc. and entered into amendments to the agreements with Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. and Virtu Americas LLC to add B. Riley Securities, Inc. as a 2022 Sales Agent for the 2022 Common Stock ATM Program. We did not sell any shares under the 2022 Common Stock ATM Program, which terminated in connection with our entry into the 2024 Common Stock ATM Program on May 14, 2024, during the year ended March 31, 2025. During the year ended March 31, 2025, we sold 148,714 shares of our common stock under the Common Stock ATM Program at a weighted-average gross price of $ 13.64 per share and raised approximately $ 2.0 million of gross proceeds. The weighted-average net price per share, after deducting commissions and offering costs borne by us, was $ 13.48 and resulted in total net proceeds of approximately $ 2.0 million. These sales were above our then current NAV per share. During the year ended March 31, 2024, we sold 3,097,162 shares of our common stock under the 2022 Common Stock ATM Program at a weighted-average gross price of $ 14.37 per share and raised approximately $ 44.5 million of gross proceeds. The weighted-average net price per share, after deducting commissions and offering costs borne by us, was $ 14.12 and resulted in total net proceeds of approximately $ 43.7 million. These sales were above our then current NAV per share. During the year ended March 31, 2023, we sold 386,482 shares of our common stock under the 2022 Common Stock ATM Program at a weighted-average gross price of $ 14.21 per share and raised approximately $ 5.5 million of gross proceeds. The weighted-average net price per share, after deducting commissions and offering costs borne by us, was $ 14.01 and resulted in total net proceeds of approximately $ 5.4 million. These sales were above our then current NAV per share. NOTE 7. NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS PER WEIGHTED-AVERAGE COMMON SHARE The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net increase in net assets resulting from operations per weighted-average common share for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023: Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 Numerator: net increase in net assets resulting from operations $ 65,319 $ 85,305 $ 35,547 Denominator: basic and diluted weighted-average common shares 36,735,218 34,466,724 33,311,785 Basic and diluted net increase in net assets resulting from operations per weighted-average common share $ 1.78 $ 2.47 $ 1.07 NOTE 8. DISTRIBUTIONS TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS To qualify to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, we must generally distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90% of our Investment Company Taxable Income. The amount to be paid out as distributions to our stockholders is determined by our Board of Directors and is based upon management’s estimate of Investment Company Taxable Income and net long-term capital gains, as well as amounts to be distributed in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code. Based on that estimate, our Board of Directors declares monthly distributions, and supplemental distributions, as appropriate, to stockholders each quarter and deemed distributions of long-term capital gains annually as of the end of the fiscal year, as applicable. The U.S. federal income tax characteristics of cash distributions paid to our common stockholders generally are reported to stockholders on IRS Form 1099 after the end of each calendar year. Estimates of tax characterization made on a quarterly basis may not be representative of the actual tax characterization of cash distributions for the full year. Estimates made on a quarterly basis are updated as of each interim reporting date. The tax characterization of cash distributions paid to common stockholders during the calendar year ended December 31, 2024 was 52.9 % from ordinary income and 47.1 % from capital gains. The tax characterization of cash distributions paid to common stockholders during the calendar year ended December 31, 2023 was 53.2 % from ordinary income and 46.8 % from capital gains . 111 Table of Contents We paid the following cash distributions to our common stockholders for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. For the Year Ended March 31, 2025 : Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Distribution per Common Share April 9, 2024 April 19, 2024 April 30, 2024 $ 0.08 April 9, 2024 May 17, 2024 May 31, 2024 0.08 April 9, 2024 June 19, 2024 June 28, 2024 0.08 July 9, 2024 July 22, 2024 July 31, 2024 0.08 July 9, 2024 August 21, 2024 August 30, 2024 0.08 July 9, 2024 September 20, 2024 September 30, 2024 0.08 September 17, 2024 October 4, 2024 October 15, 2024 0.70 (A) October 8, 2024 October 22, 2024 October 31, 2024 0.08 October 8, 2024 November 20, 2024 November 29, 2024 0.08 October 8, 2024 December 20, 2024 December 31, 2024 0.08 January 14, 2025 January 24, 2025 January 31, 2025 0.08 January 14, 2025 February 19, 2025 February 28, 2025 0.08 January 14, 2025 March 19, 2025 March 31, 2025 0.08 Year ended March 31, 2025 $ 1.66 For the Year Ended March 31, 2024 : Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Distribution per Common Share April 11, 2023 April 21, 2023 April 28, 2023 $ 0.08 April 11, 2023 May 23, 2023 May 31, 2023 0.08 April 11, 2023 June 5, 2023 June 15, 2023 0.12 (A) April 11, 2023 June 21, 2023 June 30, 2023 0.08 July 11, 2023 July 21, 2023 July 31, 2023 0.08 July 11, 2023 August 23, 2023 August 31, 2023 0.08 July 11, 2023 September 7, 2023 September 15, 2023 0.12 (A) July 11, 2023 September 21, 2023 September 29, 2023 0.08 October 10, 2023 October 20, 2023 October 31, 2023 0.08 October 10, 2023 November 7, 2023 November 17, 2023 0.12 (A) October 10, 2023 November 20, 2023 November 30, 2023 0.08 October 24, 2023 December 5, 2023 December 15, 2023 0.88 (A) October 10, 2023 December 18, 2023 December 29, 2023 0.08 January 9, 2024 January 23, 2024 January 31, 2024 0.08 January 9, 2024 February 21, 2024 February 29, 2024 0.08 January 9, 2024 March 21, 2024 March 29, 2024 0.08 Year ended March 31, 2024: $ 2.20 112 Table of Contents For the Year Ended March 31, 2023 : Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Distribution per Common Share April 12, 2022 April 22, 2022 April 29, 2022 $ 0.075 April 12, 2022 May 20, 2022 May 31, 2022 0.075 April 12, 2022 June 6, 2022 June 15, 2022 0.120 (A) April 12, 2022 June 22, 2022 June 30, 2022 0.075 July 12, 2022 July 22, 2022 July 29, 2022 0.075 July 12, 2022 August 23, 2022 August 31, 2022 0.075 July 12, 2022 September 22, 2022 September 30, 2022 0.075 October 11, 2022 October 21, 2022 October 31, 2022 0.080 October 11, 2022 November 18, 2022 November 30, 2022 0.080 October 11, 2022 December 6, 2022 December 15, 2022 0.120 (A) October 11, 2022 December 20, 2022 December 30, 2022 0.080 January 10, 2023 January 20, 2023 January 31, 2023 0.080 January 10, 2023 February 17, 2023 February 28, 2023 0.080 January 10, 2023 March 3, 2023 March 15, 2023 0.240 (A) January 10, 2023 March 17, 2023 March 31, 2023 0.080 Year ended March 31, 2023: $ 1.410 (A) Represents a supplemental distribution to common stockholders. Aggregate cash distributions to our common stockholders declared and paid for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 were $ 61.0 million, $ 76.1 million, and $ 47.0 million, respectively. For the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, Investment Company Taxable Income exceeded distributions declared and paid, and, in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code, we elected to treat $ 36.7 million, $ 18.7 million, and $ 21.4 million, respectively, of the first distributions paid subsequent to fiscal year-end, as having been paid in the prior year. In addition, for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023, net capital gains exceeded distributions declared and paid, and, in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code, we elected to treat $ 18.7 million, $ 1.4 million, and $ 10.6 million, respectively, of the first distributions paid subsequent to fiscal year-end as having been paid in the prior year. We may distribute our net long-term capital gains, if any, in cash or elect to retain some or all of such gains, pay taxes at the U.S. federal corporate-level income tax rate on the amount retained, and designate the retained amount as a “deemed distribution.” If we elect to retain net long-term capital gains and deem them distributed, each U.S. common stockholder will be treated as if they received a distribution of their pro-rata share of the retained net long-term capital gain and the U.S. federal income tax paid. As a result, each U.S. common stockholder will (i) be required to report their pro-rata share of the retained gain on their tax return as long-term capital gain, (ii) receive a refundable tax credit for their pro-rata share of federal income tax paid by us on the retained gain, and (iii) increase the tax basis of their shares of common stock by an amount equal to the deemed distribution less the tax credit. To use the deemed distribution approach, we must provide written notice to our common stockholders prior to the expiration of 60 days after the close of the relevant taxable year. For the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 we did not elect to retain long-term capital gains and to treat them as deemed distributions to common stockholders. 113 Table of Contents The components of our net assets on a tax basis were as follows: Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 Common stock $ 37 $ 37 Capital in excess of par value 445,512 444,706 Cumulative unrealized appreciation of investments 38,460 64,737 Cumulative unrealized depreciation of other — — Undistributed ordinary income 36,673 18,708 Undistributed capital gain 18,663 1,373 Other temporary differences ( 40,261 ) ( 36,850 ) Net Assets $ 499,084 $ 492,711 For the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024, we recorded the following adjustments for estimated permanent book-tax differences to reflect tax character. Results of operations, total net assets, and cash flows were not affected by these adjustments. Tax Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 Underdistributed (overdistributed) net investment income $ 9,623 $ 1,695 Accumulated net realized gain in excess of distributions $ ( 8,424 ) $ ( 881 ) Capital in excess of par value $ ( 1,199 ) $ ( 814 ) NOTE 9. FEDERAL AND STATE INCOME TAXES We intend to continue to maintain our qualifications as a RIC for federal income tax purposes. As a RIC, we generally are not subject to federal income tax on the portion of our taxable income and gains that we distribute to stockholders. To maintain our qualification as a RIC, we must maintain our status as a BDC and meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. In addition, to qualify to be taxed as a RIC, we must distribute to stockholders at least 90% of our Investment Company Taxable Income. Our policy generally is to make distributions to our stockholders in an amount up to 100 % of our Investment Company Taxable Income. We may retain some or all of our net long-term capital gains, if any, and designate them as deemed distributions, or distribute such gains to stockholders in cash. Because we have distributed or intend to distribute 100 % of our Investment Company Taxable Income and net long-term capital gains, no income tax provisions have been recorded for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. In an effort to limit federal excise taxes, we have to distribute to stockholders, during each calendar year, an amount close to the sum of (1) 98 % of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 % of our net capital gains (both long-term and short-term), if any, for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, in the preceding period (to the extent that income tax was not imposed on such amounts), less certain reductions, as applicable . We incurred an excise tax of $ 1.2 million, $ 1.2 million, and $ 1.3 million for the calendar years ended December 31, 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which are included in Other general and administrative expenses on the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations . Under the RIC Modernization Act, we are permitted to carryforward any capital losses that we may incur for an unlimited period, and such capital loss carryforwards will retain their character as either short-term or long-term capital losses. Our capital loss carryforward balance was $ 0 as of both March 31, 2025 and 2024. 114 Table of Contents NOTE 10. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Legal Proceedings We are party to certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of our business. We are required to establish reserves for litigation matters where those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and estimable. When loss contingencies are not both probable and estimable, we do not establish reserves. Based on current knowledge, we do not believe that loss contingencies, if any, arising from pending investigations, litigation or regulatory matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation or cash flows. Additionally, based on our current knowledge, we do not believe such loss contingencies are both probable and estimable and, therefore, as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, we had no established reserves for such loss contingencies. Escrow Holdbacks From time to time, we enter into arrangements relating to exits of certain investments whereby specific amounts of the proceeds are held in escrow to be used to satisfy potential obligations, as stipulated in the sales agreements. We record escrow amounts in Restricted cash and cash equivalents and Other liabilities, if received in cash but subject to potential obligations or other contractual restrictions, or as escrow receivables in Other assets, net, if not yet received in cash, on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities . We establish reserves and holdbacks against escrow amounts if we determine that it is probable and estimable that a portion of the escrow amounts will not ultimately be released or received at the end of the escrow period. Reserves and holdbacks against escrow amounts were $ 1.0 million and $ 1.0 million as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Financial Commitments and Obligations We may have line of credit commitments to certain of our portfolio companies that have not been fully drawn. Since these line of credit commitments have expiration dates and we expect many will never be fully drawn, the total line of credit commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We estimate the fair value of the combined unused line of credit commitments as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 to be insignificant. We may also extend guaranties on behalf of our portfolio companies. As of March 31, 2025 and 2024, there were no guaranties outstanding. The following table summarizes the principal balances of unused line of credit as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, which are not reflected as liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities : As of March 31, 2025 2024 Unused line of credit commitments $ 3,440 $ 2,394 Total $ 3,440 $ 2,394 115 Table of Contents NOTE 11. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS As of and for the Year Ended March 31, 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 Per Common Share Data: Net asset value at beginning of year (A) $ 13.43 $ 13.09 $ 13.43 $ 11.52 $ 11.17 $ 12.40 $ 10.85 $ 9.95 9.22 9.18 Income from investment operations (B) Net investment income 0.76 0.63 1.11 0.45 0.54 1.11 0.23 0.68 0.74 0.68 Net realized gain (loss) on investments and other 1.72 0.88 0.32 0.37 0.32 1.36 2.04 0.04 0.51 ( 0.15 ) Taxes on deemed distributions of long-term capital gains — — — — — ( 0.31 ) ( 0.41 ) — — — Net unrealized (depreciation) appreciation of investments and other ( 0.70 ) 0.96 ( 0.36 ) 2.26 0.42 ( 2.38 ) 0.63 1.16 0.23 0.29 Total from investment operations 1.78 2.47 1.07 3.08 1.28 ( 0.22 ) 2.49 1.88 1.48 0.82 Effect of equity capital activity (B) Cash distributions to common stockholders from net investment income (C) ( 0.64 ) ( 1.08 ) ( 0.92 ) ( 0.91 ) ( 0.83 ) ( 0.75 ) ( 0.69 ) ( 0.84 ) ( 0.75 ) ( 0.64 ) Cash distributions to common stockholders from realized gains (C) ( 1.02 ) ( 1.12 ) ( 0.49 ) ( 0.26 ) ( 0.10 ) ( 0.28 ) ( 0.24 ) ( 0.05 ) — ( 0.11 ) Discounts, commissions, and offering costs — ( 0.02 ) ( 0.01 ) — — — — ( 0.03 ) — ( 0.01 ) Net accretive (dilutive) effect of equity offering (D) — 0.10 0.01 — — 0.01 — ( 0.04 ) — ( 0.03 ) Total from equity capital activity ( 1.66 ) ( 2.12 ) ( 1.41 ) ( 1.17 ) ( 0.93 ) ( 1.02 ) ( 0.93 ) ( 0.96 ) ( 0.75 ) ( 0.79 ) Other, net (E) — ( 0.01 ) — — — 0.01 ( 0.01 ) ( 0.02 ) — 0.01 Net asset value at end of year (A) $ 13.55 $ 13.43 $ 13.09 $ 13.43 $ 11.52 11.17 12.40 10.85 9.95 9.22 Per common share market value at beginning of year $ 14.23 $ 13.25 $ 16.13 $ 12.23 $ 7.85 11.60 $ 10.10 9.07 7.02 7.40 Per common share market value at end of year $ 13.36 $ 14.23 $ 13.25 $ 16.13 $ 12.23 $ 7.85 $ 11.60 $ 10.10 $ 9.07 $ 7.02 Total investment return (F) 5.65 % 25.52 % ( 8.90 %) 42.40 % 70.65 % ( 26.23 %) 24.95 % 21.82 % 41.58 % 4.82 % Common stock outstanding at end of year (A) 36,837,381 36,688,667 33,591,505 33,205,023 33,205,023 33,049,463 32,822,459 32,653,635 30,270,958 30,270,958 Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities Data: Net assets at end of year $ 499,084 $ 492,711 $ 439,742 $ 445,830 $ 382,364 $ 369,031 $ 407,110 $ 354,200 $ 301,082 $ 279,022 Average net assets (G) $ 478,440 $ 461,819 $ 446,899 $ 425,985 $ 365,568 $ 404,336 $ 391,786 $ 328,533 $ 294,030 $ 276,293 Senior Securities Data: Total borrowings, at cost $ 463,738 $ 404,238 $ 297,688 $ 267,584 $ 155,434 $ 54,296 $ 58,096 $ 112,096 $ 74,796 $ 100,096 Mandatorily redeemable preferred stock (H) $ — $ — $ — $ — $ 94,371 $ 132,250 $ 132,250 $ 139,150 $ 139,150 $ 121,650 Ratios/Supplemental Data: Ratio of net expenses to average net assets (I) 13.70 % 14.19 % 9.97 % 13.51 % 10.58 % 6.32 % 13.30 % 11.08 % 10.02 % 10.94 % Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (J) 5.87 % 4.72 % 8.28 % 3.52 % 4.91 % 8.99 % 1.92 % 6.68 % 7.63 % 7.50 % (A) Based on actual shares of common stock outstanding at the beginning or end of the corresponding year, as appropriate. 116 Table of Contents (B) Based on weighted-average basic common share data for the corresponding year. (C) The tax character of distributions is determined based on taxable income calculated in accordance with income tax regulations, which may differ from amounts determined under GAAP. For further information on the estimated character of our distributions to common stockholders, including changes in estimates, as applicable, refer to Note 8 — Distributions to Common Stockholders . (D) During the years ended March 31, 2024, 2023, and 2020, the accretive effect is the result of issuing common shares at a price above the then current NAV per share. During the years ended March 31, 2018 and 2016, the net dilutive effect is the result of issuing common shares at a price below the then current NAV per share. (E) Represents the impact of the different share amounts (weighted-average basic common shares outstanding for the corresponding year and actual common shares outstanding at the end of the year) in the Per Common Share Data calculations and rounding impacts. (F) Total investment return equals the change in the market value of our common stock from the beginning of the year, taking into account dividends reinvested in accordance with the terms of our dividend reinvestment plan. Total return does not take into account distributions that may be characterized as a return of capital. For further information on the estimated character of our distributions to common stockholders, including changes in estimates, as applicable, refer to Note 8 — Distributions to Common Stockholders . (G) Calculated using the average balance of net assets at the end of each month of the reporting year. (H) Represents the aggregate liquidation preference of our mandatorily redeemable preferred stock. (I) Ratio of net expenses to average net assets is computed using total expenses, net of any non-contractual, unconditional, and irrevocable credits of fees from the Adviser. Had we not received any non-contractual, unconditional, and irrevocable credits of fees from the Adviser, the ratio of expenses to average net assets would have been 16.79 %, 17.38 %, 12.58 %, 16.72 %, 13.33 %, 9.12 %, 16.45 %, 14.11 %, 13.46 %, and 14.50 % for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. Had we included Virginia state taxes incurred on the deemed distributions of retained capital gains for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2020 and 2019, the ratio of net expenses to average net assets would have been 6.89 % and 14.07 %, respectively. (J) Had we not received any non-contractual, unconditional, and irrevocable credits of fees from the Adviser, the ratio of net investment income (loss) to average net assets would have been 2.79 %, 1.53 %, 5.66 %, 0.31 %, 2.16 %, 6.20 %, ( 1.22 %), 3.66 %, 4.19 %, and 3.94 % for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017 and 2016, respectively. 117 Table of Contents NOTE 12. UNCONSOLIDATED SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES In accordance with the SEC’s Regulation S-X, we do not consolidate portfolio company investments. Further, in accordance with ASC 946, we are precluded from consolidating any entity other than another investment company, except that ASC 946 provides for the consolidation of a controlled operating company that provides substantially all of its services to the investment company or its consolidated subsidiaries. We did not have any unconsolidated subsidiaries that met any of the significance conditions under Rule 1-02(w)(2) of the SEC’s Regulation S-X as of or during the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. NOTE 13. SUBSEQUENT EVENT Distributions and Dividends In April 2025, our Board of Directors declared the following monthly cash distributions to common stockholders: Record Date Payment Date Distribution per Common Share April 21, 2025 April 30, 2025 $ 0.08 May 21, 2025 May 30, 2025 0.08 June 4, 2025 June 13, 2025 0.54 (A) June 20, 2025 June 30, 2025 0.08 Total for the Quarter: $ 0.78 (A) Represents a supplemental distribution to common stockholders. 118 Table of Contents ITEM 9.    CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Not applicable. ITEM 9A.    CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of March 31, 2025 (the end of the period covered by this report), we, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness and design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level in timely alerting management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of material information about us required to be included in periodic SEC filings. However, in evaluation of the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. b) Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting Refer to Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting located in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. c) Attestation Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Not Applicable. d) Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in internal controls for the three months ended March 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B.    OTHER INFORMATION. During the three months ended March 31, 2025, none of our officers or directors adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) ("Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement") or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement”. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not applicable. 119 Table of Contents PART III We will file a definitive Proxy Statement for our 2025 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “2025 Proxy Statement”) with the SEC, pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. Accordingly, certain information required by Part III has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Only those sections of the 2025 Proxy Statement that specifically address the items set forth herein are incorporated by reference. ITEM 10.    DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2025 Proxy Statement. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “Code of Conduct”) that applies to all of our officers and directors and to the employees of our Adviser and our Administrator. The Code of Conduct is available in the Investors section of our website under “Governance – Governance Documents” at www.GladstoneInvestment.com . ITEM 11.    EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2025 Proxy Statement. ITEM 12.    SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2025 Proxy Statement. ITEM 13.    CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2025 Proxy Statement. ITEM 14.    PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2025 Proxy Statement. 120 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15.    EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES a. DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS REPORT 1. The following financial statements are filed herewith: Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 72 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of March 31, 202 5 and 202 4 74 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 202 5 , 202 4 , and 202 3 75 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended March 31, 202 5 , 202 4 , and 20 23 76 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 202 5 , 202 4 , and 20 23 77 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of March 31, 202 5 and 202 4 84 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 89 2. The following financial statement schedule is filed herewith: Schedule 12-14 Investments in and Advances to Affiliates 126 No other financial statement schedules are filed herewith because (1) such schedules are not required or (2) the information has been presented in the aforementioned financial statements. 3. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit A.2 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-123699), filed May 13, 2005. 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed May 15, 2020. 4.1 Specimen Stock Certificate, incorporated by reference to Exhibit d to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-123699), filed June 21, 2005. 4.2 Indenture, dated as of May 22, 2020, between Gladstone Investment Corporation and UMB Bank, National Association, as trustee incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed May 22, 2020. 4.3 Second Supplemental Indenture between Gladstone Investment Corporation and UMB Bank, National Association, dated as of March 2, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed March 2, 2021. 4.4 Third Supplemental Indenture between Gladstone Investment Corporation and UMB Bank, National Association, dated as of August 18, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed August 18, 2021. 4.5 Fourth Supplemental Indenture between Gladstone Investment Corporation and UMB Bank, National Association, dated as of May 31, 2023, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed May 31, 2023. 4.6 Fifth Supplemental Indenture between Gladstone Investment Corporation and UMB Bank, National Association, dated as of December 17, 2024, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed December 17, 2024. 4.7* Description of Securities 10.1 Stock Transfer Agency Agreement between the Registrant and The Bank of New York, incorporated by reference to Exhibit k.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-123699), filed May 13, 2005. 10.2 Custody Agreement between the Registrant and The Bank of New York, incorporated by reference to Exhibit j to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-123699), filed June 21, 2005. 121 Table of Contents 10.3 Investment Advisory and Management Agreement, dated January 24, 2025, between Gladstone Investment Corporation and Gladstone Management Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704) filed on January 24, 2025. 10.4 Administration Agreement between the Registrant and Gladstone Administration, LLC, dated June 22, 2005, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00704), filed June 14, 2006. 10.5 Custodial Agreement by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, the Registrant, Gladstone Management Corporation, The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, dated October 19, 2006, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.j.2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-181879), filed June 7, 2013. 10.6 Amendment No. 1 to Custodial Agreement by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, the Registrant, Gladstone Management Corporation, The Bank of New York Trust Company, N.A. and Deutsche Bank AG, New York Branch, dated April 14, 2009, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.j.3 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-181879), filed June 7, 2013. 10.7 Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 30, 2013, by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, Gladstone Management Corporation, the Financial Institutions as party thereto, and Key Equipment Finance, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed May 2, 2013. 10.8 Joinder Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2013, by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, Gladstone Management Corporation, Key Equipment Finance Inc. and EverBank Commercial Finance, Inc., incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed June 17, 2013. 10.9 Joinder Agreement, dated as of June 12, 2013, by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, Gladstone Management Corporation, Key Equipment Finance Inc. and AloStar Bank of Commerce, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed June 17, 2013. 10.10 Amendment No. 1 to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2014, by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, Gladstone Management Corporation, the Financial Institutions as party thereto, and Key Equipment Finance, a division of KeyBank National Association, by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed June 30, 2014. 10.11 Joinder Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2014, by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, Gladstone Management Corporation, Key Equipment Finance, a division of KeyBank National Association, and East West Bank, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed September 22, 2014. 10.12 Joinder Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2014, by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, Gladstone Management Corporation, Key Equipment Finance, a division of KeyBank National Association, and Manufacturers and Traders Trust, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed September 22, 2014. 10.13 Joinder Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2014, by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, Gladstone Management Corporation, Key Equipment Finance, a division of KeyBank National Association, and Customers Bank, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed September 22, 2014. 10.14 Joinder Agreement, dated as of September 19, 2014, by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, Gladstone Management Corporation, Key Equipment Finance, a division of KeyBank National Association, and Talmer Bank and Trust, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed September 22, 2014. 10.15 Amendment No. 2 to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated November 16, 2016, by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, Gladstone Management Corporation, Keybank National Association, AloStar Bank of Commerce, Manufacturers and Traders Trust, East West Bank, Chemical Bank (as successor in interest to Talmer Bank and Trust) and Customers Bank, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 811-23191), filed November 17, 2016. 10.16 Amendment No. 3 to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated January 20, 2017, by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, Gladstone Management Corporation, Keybank National Association, AloStar Bank of Commerce, Manufacturers and Traders Trust, East West Bank, Chemical Bank (as successor in interest to Talmer Bank and Trust) and Customers Bank, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.k.12 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-204996), filed May 11, 2017. 10.17 Amendment No. 4 to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 22, 2018 by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation, as Servicer, Keybank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed August 23, 2018. 122 Table of Contents 10.18 Amendment No. 5 to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 10, 2020 by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation, as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed August 11, 2020. 10.19 Amendment No. 6 to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 8, 2021 by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation, as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed March 8, 2021. 10.20 Amendment No. 7 to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 10, 2023 by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation, as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00704), filed May 10, 2023. 10.21 Amendment No. 8 to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2023 by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation, as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed October 31, 2023. 10.22 Amendment No. 9 to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 5, 2024 by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation, as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00704), filed February 6, 2024. 10.23 Amendment No. 10 to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 10, 2025 by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, as Borrower, Gladstone Management C orporation, as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto , incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00704), filed February 12 , 202 5 . 10.24* Amendment No. 11 to Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 24, 2025 by and among Gladstone Business Investment, LLC, as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation, as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto. 14* Code of Ethics 19 Insider Trading Policy for Gladstone Investment Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 filed herewith. 21* Subsidiaries of the Registrant . 23.1* Consent of Registered Public Accounting Firm 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer filed pursuant to section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer filed pursuant to section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1** Certification of Chief Executive Officer furnished pursuant to section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2** Certification of Chief Financial Officer furnished pursuant to section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 97.1* Clawback Policy 101.INS*** XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH*** XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL*** XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB*** XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE*** XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF*** XBRL Definition Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 123 Table of Contents * Filed herewith ** Furnished herewith *** Attached as Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the following materials, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of March 31, 2025 and 2024, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended March 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, (v) the Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of March 31, 2025 and 2024 and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Item 16.    Form 10-K Summary. None. 124 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. GLADSTONE INVESTMENT CORPORATION Date: May 13, 2025 By: /s/ TAYLOR RITCHIE Taylor Ritchie Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Date: May 13, 2025 By: /s/ DAVID GLADSTONE David Gladstone Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (principal executive officer) Date: May 13, 2025 By: /s/ TAYLOR RITCHIE Taylor Ritchie Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial and accounting officer) Date: May 13, 2025 By: /s/ ANTHONY W. PARKER Anthony W. Parker Director Date: May 13, 2025 By: /s/ MICHELA A. ENGLISH Michela A. English Director Date: May 13, 2025 By: /s/ JOHN H. OUTLAND John H. Outland Director Date: May 13, 2025 By: /s/ WALTER H. WILKINSON, JR. Walter H. Wilkinson, Jr. Director Date: May 13, 2025 By: /s/ PAULA NOVARA Paula Novara Director Date: May 13, 2025 By: /s/ KATHARINE C. GORKA Katharine C. Gorka Director 125 Table of Contents SCHEDULE 12-14 GLADSTONE INVESTMENT CORPORATION INVESTMENTS IN AND ADVANCES TO AFFILIATES (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) Company and Investment (A)(B)(C)(D)(E) Principal/ Shares/Units (F)(G) Net Realized Gain (Loss) for Period (P) Amount of Investment Income (H) Value as of March 31, 2024 Gross Additions (I) Gross Reductions (J) Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Value as of March 31, 2025 AFFILIATE INVESTMENTS – 66.1% Secured First Lien Debt – 42.7% Diversified/Conglomerate Services – 16.2% ImageWorks Display and Marketing Group, Inc. – Term Debt (SOFR +11.0%, 15.3% Cash, Due 11/2028) $ 22,000 $ — $ 3,799 $ 22,000 $ — $ — $ — $ 22,000 J.R. Hobbs Co. - Atlanta, LLC - Line of Credit, $0 available (SOFR + 6.0%, 10.3% Cash, Due 6/2025) (K) 5,000 — — 2,682 — — 354 3,036 J.R. Hobbs Co. - Atlanta, LLC - Term Debt (SOFR+6.0%, 10.3% Cash, Due 6/2025) (K) 16,500 — — 8,852 — — 1,167 10,019 J.R. Hobbs Co. - Atlanta, LLC – Term Debt (SOFR+10.3%, 14.6% Cash, Due 6/2025) (K) 26,000 — — 13,949 — — 1,839 15,788 J.R. Hobbs Co. - Atlanta, LLC – Term Debt (SOFR+6.0%, 10.3% Cash, Due 6/2025) (K) 2,438 — — 1,308 — — 172 1,480 The Maids International, LLC – Term Debt (SOFR+10.5%, 14.8% Cash, Due 3/2028) 28,560 — 4,462 28,560 — — — 28,560 — 8,261 77,351 — — 3,532 80,883 Electronics – 9.9% Nielsen-Kellerman Acquisition Corp.– Line of Credit, $2,820 available (SOFR+5.0%, 10.0% Cash, Due 12/2025) (L) 1,070 — 31 — 1,070 — — 1,070 Nielsen-Kellerman Acquisition Corp. – Term Debt (SOFR+8.5%,13.5% Cash, Due 12/2029) (L) 48,082 — 1,857 — 48,082 — — 48,082 — 1,888 — 49,152 — — 49,152 Home and Office Furnishings, Housewares, and Durable Consumer Products – 7.6% Old World Christmas, Inc. – Term Debt (SOFR+9.5%, 13.8% Cash, Due 12/2028) 38,000 — 6,530 43,000 — (5,000) — 38,000 Leisure, Amusement, Motion Pictures, and Entertainment – 4.5% Pyrotek Special Effects, Inc.– Line of Credit, $500 available (SOFR+5.0%, 10.0% Cash, Due 11/2026) (L) 2,500 — 94 — 3,000 (500) — 2,500 Pyrotek Special Effects, Inc. – Term Debt (SOFR+8.0%, 13.0% Cash, Due 11/2029) (L) 20,120 — 853 — 20,120 — — 20,120 — 947 — 23,120 (500) — 22,620 126 Table of Contents GLADSTONE INVESTMENT CORPORATION INVESTMENTS IN AND ADVANCES TO AFFILIATES (Continued) (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) Company and Investment (A)(B)(C)(D)(E) Principal/ Shares/Units (F)(G) Net Realized Gain (Loss) for Period (P) Amount of Investment Income (H) Value as of March 31, 2024 Gross Additions (I) Gross Reductions (J) Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Value as of March 31, 2025 Mining, Steel, Iron and Non-Precious Metals Total – 3.0% UPB Acquisition, Inc. (SOFR+10.0%, 14.3% Cash, Due 7/2026) $ 15,000 $ — $ 2,688 $ 18,250 $ — $ (3,250) $ — $ 15,000 Telecommunications – 1.5% B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. – Line of Credit, $0 available (SOFR+2.0%, 7.0% Cash, Due 12/2026) (K) 3,080 — — 3,080 — — — 3,080 B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. – Line of Credit, $120 available (SOFR+2.0%, 7.0% Cash, Due 6/2025) (K) 930 — 57 656 274 — — 930 B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. – Term Debt (SOFR+2.0%, 7.0% Cash, Due 12/2026) (K) 14,000 — 13 5,266 — — (1,691) 3,575 — 70 9,002 274 — (1,691) 7,585 Total Secured First Lien Debt $ — $ 20,384 $ 147,603 $ 72,546 $ (8,750) $ 1,841 $ 213,240 Secured Second Lien Debt – 2.1% Chemicals, Plastics, and Rubber – 2.1% PSI Molded Plastics, Inc. – Term Debt (SOFR +1.0%, 7.0% Cash, Due 1/2028) (O) $ 10,616 $ — $ 2,342 $ 20,363 $ 400 $ (16,400) $ 6,253 $ 10,616 Diversified/Conglomerate Services – 0.0% Nth Degree, Inc. – Term Debt (M) — — 1,715 25,000 — (25,000) — — Total Secured Second Lien Debt $ — $ 4,057 $ 45,363 $ 400 $ (41,400) $ 6,253 $ 10,616 Preferred Equity – 20.3% Chemicals, Plastics, and Rubber – 0.2% PSI Molded Plastics, Inc. – Preferred Stock (O) 322,598 $ — $ — $ — $ 16,400 $ — $ (15,404) $ 996 Diversified/Conglomerate Services – 4.3% ImageWorks Display and Marketing Group, Inc. – Preferred Stock 67,490 — — 2,607 — — 10,314 12,921 J.R. Hobbs Co. – Atlanta, LLC – Preferred Stock 10,920 — — — — — — — The Maids International, LLC - Preferred Stock 6,640 — — 5,426 — — 2,984 8,410 — — 8,033 — — 13,298 21,331 Electronics – 4.5% Nielsen-Kellerman Acquisition Corp.– Preferred Stock (L) 22,169 — — — 22,169 — 252 22,421 Home and Office Furnishings, Housewares, and Durable Consumer Products – 4.7% Old World Christmas, Inc. – Preferred Stock 6,180 — — 30,638 — — (7,099) 23,539 127 Table of Contents GLADSTONE INVESTMENT CORPORATION INVESTMENTS IN AND ADVANCES TO AFFILIATES (Continued) (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) Company and Investment (A)(B)(C)(D)(E) Principal/ Shares/Units (F)(G) Net Realized Gain (Loss) for Period (P) Amount of Investment Income (H) Value as of March 31, 2024 Gross Additions (I) Gross Reductions (J) Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Value as of March 31, 2025 Leisure, Amusement, Motion Pictures, and Entertainment – 1.4% Pyrotek Special Effects, Inc. – Preferred Stock (L) 7,060 $ — $ — $ — $ 7,060 $ — $ 200 $ 7,260 Mining, Steel, Iron and Non-Precious Metals - 5.2% UPB Acquisition, Inc. - Preferred Stock 6,000 — — 12,287 — — 13,723 26,010 Telecommunications – 0.0% B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. – Preferred Stock 14,304 — — — — — — — Total Preferred Equity $ — $ — $ 50,958 $ 45,629 $ — $ 4,970 $ 101,557 Common Equity/Equivalents – 1.0% Diversified/Conglomerate Services - 0.0% Nth Degree Investment Group, LLC – Common Stock (M)(N) — $ 43,373 $ — $ 51,442 $ — $ (6,219) $ (45,223) $ — Finance – 1.0% Gladstone Alternative Income Fund – Common Equity (L) 500,000 — 26 — 5,000 — (25) 4,975 Telecommunications - 0.0% B+T Group Acquisition, Inc. - Common Stock Warrants 3.5 % — — — — — — — Total Common Equity/Equivalents $ 43,373 $ 26 $ 51,442 $ 5,000 $ (6,219) $ (45,248) $ 4,975 TOTAL AFFILIATE INVESTMENTS $ 43,373 $ 24,467 $ 295,366 $ 123,575 $ (56,369) $ (32,184) $ 330,388 CONTROL INVESTMENTS – 0.1% Secured First Lien Debt – 0.1% Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing – 0.1% Edge Adhesives Holdings, Inc. – Term Debt (SOFR+5.5%, 9.8% Cash, Due 8/2026) (K) $ 9,210 $ — $ — $ 2,905 $ — $ — $ (2,562) $ 343 Total Secured First Lien Debt $ — $ — $ 2,905 $ — $ — $ (2,562) $ 343 128 Table of Contents GLADSTONE INVESTMENT CORPORATION INVESTMENTS IN AND ADVANCES TO AFFILIATES (Continued) (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) Company and Investment (A)(B)(C)(D)(E) Principal/ Shares/Units (F)(G) Net Realized Gain (Loss) for Period (P) Amount of Investment Income (H) Value as of March 31, 2024 Gross Additions (I) Gross Reductions (J) Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Value as of March 31, 2025 Preferred Equity – 0.0% Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing – 0.0% Edge Adhesives Holdings, Inc. – Preferred Stock 8,199 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — Total Preferred Equity $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — TOTAL CONTROL INVESTMENTS $ — $ — $ 2,905 $ — $ — $ (2,562) $ 343 TOTAL AFFILIATE AND CONTROL INVESTMENTS $ 43,373 $ 24,467 $ 298,271 $ 123,575 $ (56,369) $ (34,746) $ 330,731 (A) Certain of the listed securities are issued by affiliate(s) of the indicated portfolio company. The majority of the securities listed, together with certain non-control and non-affiliate investments, totaling $764.7 million at fair value, are pledged as collateral to our revolving line of credit, as described further in Note 5— Borrowings in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . Additionally, under Section 55 of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), we may not acquire any non-qualifying assets unless, at the time such acquisition is made, qualifying assets represent at least 70% of our total assets. (B) Common stock, warrants, options and, in some cases, preferred stock are generally non-income-producing and restricted. (C) Unless indicated otherwise, all cash interest rates are indexed to 30-day Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), which was 4.3% as of March 31, 2025. If applicable, paid-in-kind interest rates are noted separately from the cash interest rate. Certain securities are subject to an interest rate floor. The cash interest rate is the greater of the floor or reference rate plus a spread. Due dates represent the contractual maturity date. (D) Category percentages represent the fair value of each category and subcategory as a percentage of net assets as of March 31, 2025. (E) Unless indicated otherwise, all of our investments are valued using Level 3 inputs within the Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification Topic 820, “ Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures ” fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 3 — Investments in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. (F) Where applicable, aggregates all shares of a class of stock owned without regard to specific series owned within such class (some series of which may or may not be voting shares) or aggregates all warrants to purchase shares of a class of stock owned without regard to specific series of such class of stock such warrants allow us to purchase. (G) Represents the principal balance, presented in thousands, for debt investments and the number of shares/units held for equity investments as of March 31, 2025. Warrants are represented as a percentage of ownership, as applicable, as of March 31, 2025. (H) Represents the total amount of interest, dividend, success fee, or other investment income credited to income for the portion of the year ended March 31, 2025 an investment was an affiliate investment or control investment and on accrual status, as appropriate. (I) Gross additions include increases in investments resulting from new portfolio investments, the amortization of discounts and fees, and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities during the year ended March 31, 2025. (J) Gross reductions include decreases in investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments or sales, the amortization of premiums and acquisition costs, and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities during the year ended March 31, 2025. (K) Debt security is on non-accrual status as of March 31, 2025. (L) New investment during the year ended March 31, 2025. (M) Investment was exited/paid off during the year ended March 31, 2025. (N) During the year ended March 31, 2025, we recognized a realized gain of $43.4 million upon sale of Nth Degree Investment Group, LLC. (O) During the year ended March 31, 2025, we restructured our investments in PSI Molded Plastics, Inc., which resulted in $16.4 million being converted from second lien debt to preferred equity. (P) Net realized gain (loss) excludes amounts related to portfolio companies no longer in the portfolio for the periods presented. ** Information related to the amount of equity in the net profit and loss for the period for the investments listed has not been included in this schedule. This information is not considered to be meaningful due to the complex capital structures of the portfolio companies, with different classes of equity securities outstanding with different preferences in liquidation. These investments are not consolidated, nor are they accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 129

