TICKER: GCMG
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains, reduce economic growth and investor confidence, and adversely affect portfolio companies, investment valuations and the demand for our funds’ capital. These factors may affect the level and volatility of securities prices and the liquidity and value of investments, and we may not be able to or may choose not to manage our exposure to them. Adding to the strain on the economy is war and conflict in various international regions, which creates market uncertainty, and the failure of multiple regional banks in the U.S. and elsewhere in recent years, which created bank-specific and broader financial institution liquidity risk concerns. Future adverse developments with respect to specific financial institutions or the broader financial services industry may lead to market-wide liquidity shortages and could have a negative impact on the economy and business activity globally, and therefore could adversely affect the performance of our business. Furthermore, any new or incremental regulatory measures or changes to existing measures for or affecting the U.S. financial services industry, including under the current administration, may increase costs and create regulatory uncertainty and additional competition for our products. In addition, if the U.S. were to default on its debt, the negative ramifications on the U.S. and global economies could be unprecedented and long-lasting and may dramatically exacerbate the risks highlighted here and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our funds have been affected by reduced opportunities to exit and realize value from their investments and by the fact that they may not be able to find suitable investments in which to effectively deploy capital. During periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns in a particular sector, companies in which our funds invest may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased funding costs. During such periods, these companies may also have difficulty in expanding their businesses and operations and be unable to meet their debt service obligations or other expenses as they become due. In addition, during periods of adverse market, economic or geopolitical conditions, our funds may have difficulty accessing financial markets, which could make it more difficult or impossible for them to obtain funding for additional investments and harm their assets under management and results of operations. A general market downturn, or a specific market dislocation, may result in lower investment returns for our funds, which would adversely affect our revenues. Furthermore, such conditions could also increase the risk of default with respect to investments held by our funds that have significant debt investments. In addition, our ability to find high-quality investment managers with whom we may invest could become exacerbated in deteriorating or difficult market environments. Any such occurrence could delay our ability to invest capital, lead to lower returns on invested capital and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Market deterioration has caused, and may in the future cause, us, our funds and the investments made by our funds to experience tightening of liquidity, reduced earnings and cash flow, and impairment charges, as well as challenges in raising and deploying capital, obtaining investment financing and making investments on attractive terms. These market conditions can also have an impact on our ability and the ability of our funds and the investments made by our funds to liquidate positions in a timely and efficient manner. In the last couple of years there were fewer companies that underwent initial public offerings and sales of the portfolio companies in our funds than in prior years. To the extent periods of volatility are coupled with lack of 55 realizations from clients’ existing private markets portfolios, such clients may be left with disproportionately outsized remaining commitments, which significantly limits their ability to make new commitments. Our business could generate lower revenues in a general economic downturn or recession or a tightening of global credit markets. A general economic downturn, recession or tightening of global credit markets may result in reduced opportunities to find suitable investments and make it more difficult for us, or for the funds in which we and our clients invest, to exit and realize value from existing investments, potentially resulting in a decline in the value of the investments held in our clients’ portfolios, leading to a decrease in incentive fee revenue. Any reduction in the market value of the assets we manage will not likely be reported until one or more quarters after the end of the applicable performance period due to an inherent lag in the valuation process of private markets investments. This can result in a mismatch between stated valuation and current market conditions and can lead to delayed revelations of changes in performance and, therefore, delayed effects on our clients’ portfolios. If our clients reduce their commitments to make investments in private markets in favor of investments they perceive as offering greater opportunity or lower risk, our revenues or earnings could decline as a result of lower fees being paid to us. Further, if, due to the lag in reporting, their decision to do so is made after the initial effects of a market downturn are felt by the rest of the economy, the adverse effect we experience as a result of that decision could likewise adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations on a delayed basis. Our profitability may also be adversely affected by our fixed costs and the possibility that we would be unable to scale back other costs within a time frame sufficient to match any decreases in revenues relating to changes in market and economic conditions. This risk may be further exacerbated if, as a result of poor fund performance or difficult market and fundraising environments, investors and clients negotiate lower fee or fee concessions that are materially less favorable to us than our desired fee structure. If our revenues decline without a commensurate reduction in our expenses, our earnings will be reduced. Accordingly, difficult market conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Inflation may adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of our funds and their investments. Certain of our funds and their investments operate in industries that have been impacted by inflation. Recent inflationary pressures have increased the costs of labor, energy and raw materials and have adversely affected consumer spending, economic growth and our funds’ portfolio companies’ operations. If these inflationary pressures persist, and such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in the costs of their operations along to their customers, it could adversely affect their operating results. Such conditions would increase the risk of default on their obligations as a borrower. In addition, any projected future decreases in the operating results of our funds’ portfolio companies due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our funds’ investments could result in future realized or unrealized losses. Increased interest rates have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and that of our funds’ portfolio companies. Increased interest rates have had and could continue to have a dampening effect on overall economic activity, the financial condition of our investors and the financial condition of the end customers who ultimately create demand for the capital we supply, all of which could negatively affect demand for our funds’ capital. While the Federal Reserve began lowering rates in 2024 in response to evolving economic conditions, interest rates remain elevated relative to recent historical levels, and the future path, timing and magnitude of any additional changes remain uncertain. Such uncertainty surrounding interest rates can make it difficult for us to obtain financing at attractive rates, and impact our ability to execute on our growth strategies or future acquisitions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the investments we make on behalf of our funds perform poorly, we may suffer a decline in our revenues and earnings, and our ability to raise capital for future funds may be materially adversely affected. Our revenues are derived from fees earned for our management of our funds, incentive fees, or carried interest, with respect to certain of our funds, and monitoring and reporting fees. In the event that our funds perform poorly, our revenues and earnings derived from incentive fees and carried interest will decline, and it will be more difficult for us to raise capital for new funds or gain new clients or retain current clients in the future. In addition, the risk of clawback can occur as a result of diminished investment performance. If we are unable to repay the amount of the clawback, we would be subject to liability for a breach of our contractual obligations. If we are unable to raise or are required to repay capital, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 56 The historical performance of our funds should not be considered indicative of the future performance of these funds or of any future funds we may raise, in part because: • market conditions and investment opportunities during previous periods may have been significantly more favorable for generating positive performance than those we may experience in the future; • the performance of our funds that distribute carried interest is generally calculated on the basis of the net asset value of the funds’ investments, including unrealized gains, which may never be realized and therefore never generate carried interest; • our historical returns derive largely from the performance of our earlier funds, whereas future fund returns will depend increasingly on the performance of our newer funds or funds not yet formed; • our newly established closed-ended funds may generate lower returns during the period that they initially deploy their capital; • in recent years, there has been increased competition for investment opportunities resulting from the increased amount of capital invested in private markets alternatives and high liquidity in debt markets, and the increased competition for investments may reduce our returns in the future; • the performance of particular funds also will be affected by risks of the industries and businesses in which they invest; and • we may create new funds that reflect a different asset mix and new investment strategies, as well as a varied geographic and industry exposure, compared to our historical funds, and any such new funds could have different returns than our previous funds. The success of our business depends on the identification and availability of suitable investment opportunities for our clients. Our success largely depends on the identification and availability of suitable investment opportunities for our clients, and in particular the success of underlying funds in which our funds invest. The availability of investment opportunities will be subject to market conditions and other factors outside of our control and the control of the investment managers with which we invest for our funds. Past returns of our funds have benefited from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not continue or reoccur, including favorable borrowing conditions in the debt markets during such historical periods, and there can be no assurance that our funds or the underlying funds in which we invest for our funds will be able to avail themselves of comparable opportunities and conditions, particularly in light of current interest rate levels and other market conditions. There can also be no assurance that the underlying funds we select will be able to identify sufficient attractive investment opportunities to meet their investment objectives. Competition for access to investment funds and other investments we make for our clients is intense. We seek to maintain excellent relationships with investment managers of investment funds, including those in which we have previously made investments for our clients and those in which we may in the future invest, as well as sponsors of investments that might provide co-investment opportunities in portfolio companies alongside the sponsoring fund manager. However, because of the number of investors seeking to gain access to investment funds and co-investment opportunities managed or sponsored by the top performing fund managers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the opportunity to invest on behalf of our clients in all or a substantial portion of the investments we select, or that the investment opportunities available to us will be the size we desire. Access to secondary investment opportunities is also highly competitive and is often controlled by a limited number of general partners, fund managers and intermediaries. The due diligence process that we undertake in connection with investments may not detect all facts that may be relevant in connection with an investment. Before investing the assets of our funds, we conduct due diligence that we deem reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to each investment. When conducting due diligence, we may be required to evaluate important and complex business, financial, tax, accounting, technological, environmental, social, governance and legal and regulatory issues. Outside consultants, legal advisors and accountants may be involved in the due diligence process in varying degrees depending on the type of investment and the parties involved. Nevertheless, when conducting due diligence and making an assessment regarding an investment, we rely on the information available to us, including information provided by the target of the investment and, in some circumstances, third-party investigations, and such an investigation will not necessarily result in 57 the investment ultimately being successful. Moreover, the due diligence investigation that we will carry out with respect to any investment opportunity may not detect or highlight all relevant facts or risks that are necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity. For example, instances of bribery, fraud, accounting irregularities and other improper, illegal or corrupt practices can be difficult to detect and may be more widespread in certain jurisdictions. In addition, a substantial portion of our funds invest in underlying funds, and therefore we are dependent on the due diligence investigation of the underlying investment manager of such funds. We have little or no control over their due diligence process, and any shortcomings in their due diligence could be reflected in the performance of the investment we make with them on behalf of our clients. Poor investment performance could lead clients to terminate their agreements with us and/or result in negative reputational effects, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Dependence on leverage by certain funds, underlying investment funds and portfolio companies subjects us to volatility and contractions in the debt financing markets and could adversely affect the ability of our funds to achieve attractive rates of return on their investments. Many of the funds we manage, the funds in which we invest and portfolio companies within our funds and customized separate accounts currently rely on credit facilities either to facilitate efficient investing or for speculative purposes. While interest rates have historically been low, various economic factors have recently resulted in a significant increase in interest rates and the rate of inflation, and may also reduce credit availability, all of which may adversely affect the ability of our funds to achieve attractive rates of return and adversely affect the value of our carried interest. Our funds and the companies in which our funds invest raise capital in the structured credit, leveraged loan and high yield bond markets. If elevated interest rates persist or further increase or credit markets experience continued or increasing dislocations, contractions or volatility, our funds’ results of operations, and in turn ours, will suffer. Any such events could adversely impact our funds’ ability to invest efficiently, and may impact the returns of our funds’ investments. The absence of available sources of sufficient debt financing for extended periods of time or an increase in either the general levels of interest rates or in the risk spread demanded by sources of indebtedness would make it more expensive to finance those investments, and, in the case of interest rates, decrease the value of fixed-rate debt investments made by our funds. Certain investments may also be financed through fund-level credit facilities, which may or may not be available for refinancing at the end of their respective terms. Further, the cost of borrowing may not be covered by the appreciation of the assets in the investment, which could be exacerbated in difficult market conditions and adversely impact our revenues. Finally, limitations on the deductibility of interest expense on indebtedness used to finance our funds’ investments reduce the after-tax rates of return on the affected investments and make it more costly to use debt financing. Any of these factors may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Similarly, private markets funds’ portfolio companies regularly utilize the corporate debt markets to obtain additional financing for their operations. The leveraged capital structure of such businesses increases the exposure of the funds’ portfolio companies to adverse economic factors such as fluctuating interest rates, financial institution risks, downturns in the economy or deterioration in the condition of such business or its industry. If the portfolio companies in our funds default on their indebtedness, or otherwise seek or are forced to restructure their obligations or declare bankruptcy, we could lose some or all of our investment and suffer reputational harm. Any adverse impact caused by the use of leverage by portfolio companies in which we directly or indirectly invest could in turn adversely affect the returns of our funds. Inability by certain vehicles we organize to obtain and maintain specified credit ratings and changes by regulators to the risk-based capital treatment of investments in the securities issued by these vehicles may impact our ability to establish and maintain such vehicles in a manner that remains attractive to certain regulated parties. Certain vehicles we organize to invest in our funds issue notes that are rated by one or more nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (“NRSROs”) and that are offered to, among others, insurance companies that may be subject to standards set by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”) or state insurance regulatory authorities. There are only a few NRSROs, and not all NRSROs provide ratings for notes like those issued by the vehicles we organize. Should some or all of the NRSOs cease to offer ratings for such securities, or otherwise begin to rate such securities in a manner that is unattractive to regulated parties, then our ability to establish and maintain vehicles that issue rated notes may be reduced, perhaps materially. Relatedly, the NAIC has been evaluating ratings by NRSROs of securities of the type issued by our vehicles on the basis that the ratings may not adequately represent the risks of investments in these securities by insurance companies. Any changes by the NAIC or state insurance regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over investors in our vehicles that issue rated notes may result in higher risk-based capital charges or other adverse treatment of such investments for these regulated investors. To the extent that risk-based capital charges for securities issued by our vehicles are a relevant and material 58 investment criterion for certain regulated investors, like insurance companies, then any increased risk-based capital charge could render investments in these securities unattractive to these investors. Defaults by clients and third-party investors in certain of our funds could adversely affect that fund’s operations and performance. Our business is exposed to the risk that clients that owe us money for our services may not pay us, and investors may default on their obligations to fund their commitments. These risks could increase as a result of economic contractions, decreases in equity values and increases in interest rates or in the event of a continued economic slowdown. Also, if investors in our funds default on their obligations to fund commitments, there may be adverse consequences on the investment process, and we could incur losses and be unable to meet underlying capital calls. For example, investors in our closed-ended funds make capital commitments to those funds and we are entitled to call capital from those investors at any time during prescribed periods. We depend on investors fulfilling and honoring their commitments when we call capital from them for those funds to consummate investments and otherwise pay their obligations when due. In addition, certain of our funds utilize lines of credit to fund investments. Because interest expense and other costs of borrowings under lines of credit are an expense of the fund, the fund’s net multiple of invested capital may be reduced, as well as the amount of carried interest generated by the fund. Any material reduction in the amount of carried interest generated by a fund will adversely affect our revenues. Any investor that did not fund a capital call would be subject to several possible penalties, including having a meaningful amount of its existing investment forfeited in that fund. However, the impact of the penalty is directly correlated to the amount of capital previously invested by the investor in the fund. For instance, if an investor has invested little or no capital early in the life of the fund, then the forfeiture penalty may not be as meaningful. A failure of clients or investors to honor capital calls to a significant degree could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our failure to comply with investment guidelines set by our clients could result in damage awards against us or a reduction in AUM, either of which would adversely affect our business. Each of our funds is operated pursuant to specific investment guidelines, which, with respect to our customized separate accounts, are often established collaboratively between us and the investor in such fund. Our failure to comply with these guidelines and other limitations could result in clients terminating their relationships with us or deciding not to commit further capital to us in respect of new or different funds. In some cases, these investors could also sue us for breach of contract and seek to recover damages from us. In addition, such guidelines may restrict our ability to pursue certain allocations and strategies on behalf of our clients that we believe are economically desirable, which could similarly result in losses to a fund or termination of the fund and a corresponding reduction in AUM. Even if we comply with all applicable investment guidelines, our clients may nonetheless be dissatisfied with our investment performance or our services or fees, and may terminate their investment with us or be unwilling to commit new capital to our funds. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Valuation methodologies for certain assets in our funds can be highly subjective, and the values of assets established pursuant to such methodologies may never be realized, which could result in significant losses for our funds. For our closed-ended funds, there are no readily ascertainable market prices for a large number of the investments in these funds or the underlying funds in which these funds invest. The value of the fund investments of our funds is determined periodically by us based in general on the fair value of such investments as reported by the underlying fund managers. Our valuation of the funds in which we invest is largely dependent upon the processes employed by the managers of those funds. The fair value of investments is determined using a number of methodologies described in the particular funds’ valuation policies. These policies are based on a number of factors, including the nature of the investment, the expected cash flows from the investment, the length of time the investment has been held, restrictions on transfer and other generally accepted valuation methodologies. The value of the equity and credit investments of our funds is determined periodically by us based on reporting provided by the relevant equity sponsor and/or using independent third-party valuation firms to aid us in determining the fair value of these investments using generally accepted valuation methodologies. These may include references to market multiples, valuations for comparable companies, public or private market transactions, subsequent developments concerning the companies to which the securities relate, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and projections of such companies made accessible to us and such other factors that we may deem relevant. The methodologies we use in valuing individual investments are based on a variety of estimates and assumptions specific to the particular investments, and actual results related to the investment may vary materially as a result of the inaccuracy of such assumptions or estimates. In addition, because the illiquid investments held by our funds, and the underlying funds in which we invest may be in industries or sectors 59 that are unstable, in distress, or undergoing some uncertainty, such investments are subject to rapid changes in value caused by sudden company-specific or industry-wide developments. Because there is significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or in the stability of the value of, illiquid investments, the fair values of such investments as reflected in a fund’s net asset value do not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained if such investments were sold. Realizations at values significantly lower than the values at which investments have been reflected in fund net asset values could result in losses for the applicable fund and the loss of potential incentive fees for the fund’s manager and us. Also, a situation in which asset values turn out to be materially different from values reflected in fund net asset values, whether due to error or otherwise, could cause investors to lose confidence in us and may, in turn, result in difficulties in our ability to raise additional capital, retain clients or attract new clients. Further, it is possible that a material fact related to the target of the valuation might be inadvertently omitted from our analysis, resulting in an inaccurate valuation. The SEC has highlighted valuation practices as one of its areas of focus in investment adviser examinations and has continued to institute enforcement actions against investment advisers for misleading investors about valuation and failing to adopt and implement reasonably designed written policies and procedures concerning the valuation of investments. If the SEC were to investigate and find errors in our policies or procedures, we and/or members of our management could be subject to penalties and fines, which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our investment management activities may involve investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets, and we and our clients may lose some or all of the amounts invested in these activities or fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time. The investments made by certain of our funds may include high-risk, illiquid assets. The private markets funds in which we invest capital generally invest in securities that are not publicly traded. Even if such securities are publicly traded, many of these funds may be prohibited by contract or applicable securities laws from selling such securities for a period of time. Such funds will generally not be able to sell these securities publicly unless their sale is registered under applicable securities laws, or unless an exemption from such registration requirements is available. Accordingly, the private markets funds in which we invest our clients’ capital may not be able to sell securities when they desire and therefore may not be able to realize the full value of such securities. This risk is magnified during times of volatile market conditions and economic and geopolitical uncertainty. The ability of private markets funds to dispose of investments is dependent in part on the public equity and debt markets, to the extent that the ability to dispose of an investment may depend upon the ability to complete an initial public offering of the portfolio company in which such investment is held or the ability of a prospective buyer of the portfolio company to raise debt financing to fund its purchase. Furthermore, large holdings of publicly traded equity securities can often be disposed of only over a substantial period of time, exposing the investment returns to risks of downward movement in market prices during the disposition period. Contributing capital to these funds is risky, and we may lose some or the entire amount of our funds’ and our clients’ investments. The portfolio companies in which private markets funds have invested or may invest will sometimes involve a high degree of business and financial risk. These companies may be in an early stage of development, may not have a proven operating history, may be operating at a loss or have significant variations in results of operations, may be engaged in a rapidly changing business with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, may be subject to extensive regulatory oversight, may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, to finance expansion or to maintain their competitive position, may have a high level of leverage, or may otherwise have a weak financial condition. In addition, these portfolio companies may face intense competition, including competition from companies with greater financial resources, more extensive development, manufacturing, marketing, and other capabilities, and a larger number of qualified managerial and technical personnel. Portfolio companies in non-U.S. jurisdictions have and may in the future be further subject to additional risks, including tariffs and trade barriers, changes in currency exchange rates, exchange control regulations, risks associated with different types (and lower quality) of available information, expropriation or confiscatory taxation and adverse political developments. In addition, during periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns in a particular investment category, industry or region, portfolio companies may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased costs. During these periods, these companies may also have difficulty in expanding their businesses and operations and may be unable to pay their expenses as they become due. A general market downturn or a specific market dislocation will generally result in lower investment returns for the private markets funds or portfolio companies in which our funds invest, which consequently could materially and adversely affect investment returns for our funds. Furthermore, if the portfolio companies default on their indebtedness, or otherwise seek or are forced to restructure their obligations or declare bankruptcy, we could lose some or all of our investment and suffer reputational harm. 60 Our funds make investments in companies that are based outside of the U.S., which may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in companies that are based in the U.S. A significant amount of the investments of our funds include private markets funds that are located outside the U.S. or that invest in portfolio companies located outside the U.S. Such non-U.S. investments involve certain factors not typically associated with U.S. investments, including risks related to: • currency exchange matters, such as exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the foreign currency in which the investments are denominated, and costs associated with conversion of investment proceeds and income from one currency to another; • differences between the U.S. and foreign capital markets, including the absence of uniform accounting, auditing, financial reporting and legal standards, practices and disclosure requirements and less government supervision and regulation; • certain economic, social and political risks, including exchange control regulations and restrictions on foreign investments and repatriation of capital, tariffs and trade barriers, the risks of political, economic or social instability; and • the possible imposition of foreign taxes with respect to such investments or confiscatory taxation. These risks could adversely affect the performance of our funds that are invested in securities of non-U.S. companies, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our funds may face risks relating to undiversified investments. We cannot give assurance as to the degree of diversification that will be achieved in any of our funds. Difficult market conditions or slowdowns affecting a particular asset class, geographic region or other category of investment could have a significant adverse impact on a given fund if its investments are concentrated in that area, which could result in lower investment returns. Accordingly, a lack of diversification on the part of a fund could adversely affect its investment performance and affect our ability to raise new funds. All of these factors could, as a result, affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our funds make investments in underlying funds and companies that we do not control. Investments by most of our funds will include debt instruments and equity securities of companies that we do not control. Our funds may invest through co-investment arrangements or acquire minority equity interests and may also dispose of a portion of their equity investments in portfolio companies over time in a manner that results in their retaining a minority investment. Consequently, the performance of our funds will depend significantly on the investment and other decisions made by third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on the returns achieved by our funds. Portfolio companies in which the investment is made may make business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree. In addition, the majority stakeholders or their management may take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve our interests. If any of the foregoing were to occur, the values of our investments and the investments we have made on behalf of clients could decrease and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could suffer as a result. Investments by our funds may in many cases rank junior to investments made by other investors. In many cases, the companies in which our funds invest have indebtedness or equity securities, or may be permitted to incur indebtedness or to issue equity securities, that rank senior to our clients’ investments in our funds. By their terms, these instruments may provide that their holders are entitled to receive payments of dividends, interest or principal on or before the dates on which payments are to be made in respect of our clients’ investments. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a company in which one or more of our funds hold an investment, holders of securities ranking senior to our clients’ investments would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our clients’ investments. After repaying senior security holders, companies may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying amounts owed in respect of our clients’ investments. To the extent that any assets remain, holders of claims that rank equally with our clients’ investments would be entitled to share on an equal and ratable basis in distributions that are made out of those assets. Also, during periods of financial distress or following an insolvency, our ability to influence a company’s affairs and to take actions to protect investments by our funds may be substantially less than that of those holding senior interests. 61 Our risk management strategies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks. Risk management applies to our operations as well as to the investments we make for our funds. We have developed and continue to update strategies and procedures specific to our business for identifying, assessing, managing and mitigating risks, which include market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and reputational risk. Management of these risks can be very complex. These strategies and procedures may fail under some circumstances, particularly if we are confronted with risks that we have underestimated or not identified, including those related to difficult market or geopolitical conditions. In addition, some of our methods for managing the risks related to our clients’ investments are based upon our analysis of historical private markets behavior. Statistical techniques are applied to these observations in order to arrive at quantifications of some of our risk exposures. Historical analysis of private markets returns requires reliance on valuations performed by fund managers, which may not be reliable measures of current valuations. These statistical methods may not accurately quantify our risk exposure if circumstances arise that were not observed in our historical data. In particular, as we enter new lines of business or offer new products, our historical data may be incomplete. Failure of our risk management techniques could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our right to receive incentive fees. We are subject to increasing and diverging scrutiny from clients, investors, regulators elected officials, stockholders and other stakeholders or third parties with respect to Sustainable and Impact investing matters, which may constrain investment opportunities, adversely impact our ability to raise capital, and result in increased costs or otherwise adversely affect us. In recent years, our business has been subject to increasing and diverging scrutiny from clients, investors, regulators, elected officials, stockholders and other stakeholders with respect to Sustainable and Impact investing matters. Clients and investors, including U.S. public pension funds and certain non-U.S. investors, have placed increasing importance on impacts of investments made by the funds to which they invest or commit capital, including with respect to Sustainable and Impact investing matters. Certain investors have also demonstrated increased concern with respect to existing investments, including by urging asset managers to take certain actions that could adversely affect the value of an investment, or refrain from taking certain actions that could improve the value of an investment. We are increasingly being subject to competing demands or scrutiny from different clients, investors and other stakeholders or third parties with divergent views on Sustainable and Impact investing matters, including certain considerations in the investment process. This divergence increases the risk that any action or lack thereof with respect to Sustainable and Impact investing matters will be perceived negatively by at least some stakeholders and adversely impact our reputation and business. Our clients may decide to redeem or withdraw previously committed capital from our funds (where such withdrawal is permitted) or to not invest or commit capital to future funds based on their assessment of how we approach and consider the cost of these investments and whether the return-driven objectives of our funds align with their investment priorities or investment requirements. As part of their increased focus on the allocation of their capital to environmentally sustainable economic activities, certain clients and investors have also begun to request or require data and/or use third-party benchmarks and ratings to allow them to monitor the impact of their investments for which we may be required to engage third party advisors and/or service providers to fulfill the requests and requirements, thereby exacerbating any increase in compliance burden and costs. To the extent our access to capital from investors, including public pension funds, is impaired due to these aforementioned risks, we may not be able to maintain or increase the size of our funds or raise sufficient capital for new funds, which may adversely impact our revenues and/or negatively impact our reputation and erode stakeholder trust. The transition to sustainable finance accelerates existing risks and raises new risks for our business that may impact our profitability and success. In particular, Sustainable and Impact investing matters have been the subject of increased focus, scrutiny and litigation by certain federal, state and other regulators and governmental officials, including in the U.S. and the EU, particularly with respect to the accuracy of statements made regarding practices, initiatives and investment strategies, as well as regarding adherence to the policies and procedures underlying these strategies. The SEC, other regulators, and private parties have initiated investigations or claims alleging inaccurate or misleading statements in this area, often referred to as “greenwashing.” There have been enforcement actions relating to sustainable investing disclosures and policies and procedures failures, and we expect that there will be continued enforcement activity in this area in the future, and we could be subject to significant fines and penalties, including risk of litigation and investigation. The SEC has focused on the labeling by funds of their activities or investments as “sustainable” and examined the methodology used for determining such investments, with a focus on whether such labeling is misleading. In 2024, the SEC adopted climate-related disclosure rules applicable to public companies; however, these rules are currently subject to litigation and in March 2025 the SEC voted to end its defense of the rules, thus while these rules remain in effect, they are not currently being enforced. Further, we may be subject to California Senate Bill 253 (The Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act) requiring U.S. public and private businesses with annual revenues greater than USD $1 billion doing business in California to publicly report their greenhouse gas emissions beginning, and/or Senate Bill 261 (The Climate-Related Financial Risk Act) requiring 62 U.S. businesses with annual revenues over USD $500 million to biennially disclose climate-related financial risks and their mitigation strategies, both of which have been enacted but remain subject to ongoing legal and regulatory developments that may affect their scope, timing or enforcement. On November 18th 2025, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted a motion for injunction on SB 261. The injunction prohibits California Air Resources Board's from enforcing SB 261 pending the resolution of the appeal, though this injunction does not impact SB 253, which is still in effect. Collecting, measuring and reporting the information and metrics required under the various existing regulations has imposed administrative burden and increased cost on us, and such burden and cost, including the implementation of additional internal controls, processes and procedures and increased oversight obligations on our management and board of directors, are likely to increase as new regulations are enacted, particularly if the requirements imposed on us by various regulations lack harmonization on a global basis. We cannot guarantee that our current approach will meet future regulatory requirements, reporting frameworks or best practices. In addition, in September 2023, the SEC adopted amendments to Rule 35d-1 (the Names Rule) that expands the Names Rule to require that any fund whose name includes terms suggesting that the fund focuses on investments or issuers that have, particular characteristics, have an 80% investment policy. On March 14, 2025, the SEC announced a six-month extension to June 11, 2026 for larger fund groups and December 11, 2026 for smaller fund groups. In October 2020, the DOL finalized a rule intended to clarify the fiduciary requirements for investment managers of “plan assets” considering non-pecuniary factors (including sustainability) when investing. In November 2022, the DOL released a final rule related to fiduciary requirements for ERISA plan fiduciaries when considering sustainability factors in selecting investments, clarifying that fiduciaries may consider climate change and other factors when they make investment decisions. Main portions of this rule took effect on February 1, 2023. This rule has been subject to litigation, and enforcement has been enjoined pursuant to court orders issued in 2024, which are currently on appeal. On May 28, 2025, the DOL submitted a status report to the court stating it would cease defending the 2022 rule and initiate a new rulemaking. We cannot predict any future challenges, and, as a result, uncertainty remains regarding the treatment of sustainability considerations by ERISA fiduciaries. We may face risks related to sustainability reporting obligations under the evolving regulatory landscape in the European Union. For example, the European legislators adopted Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector (the “SFDR”) which took effect from March 2021, and Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”) which started applying in January 2022. The full impact of the SFDR and the EU Taxonomy remains unclear as a series of initiatives are ongoing at the EU level on their implementation, including the EU Omnibus Directives which aim to simplify the EU Taxonomy. The SFDR framework is currently subject to review and on 20 November 2025 the European Commission published its proposals for amendments to SFDR which are expected to result in significant changes to the existing regime. In addition, in May 2024, the European Securities and Markets Authority published final guidelines on funds’ names using ESG or sustainability-related terms, establishing quantitative thresholds and minimum safeguards, and it is not currently clear how these guidelines will be impacted by the reforms to SFDR. Directive (EU) 2022/2464 (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive) regarding corporate sustainability reporting (“CSRD”), which took effect in January 2023 and is being phased in over time, imposes stringent requirements on in scope companies to disclose detailed information regarding their ESG practices. The EU also adopted the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (“CSDDD”) in 2024, which will require in scope entities to adopt certain due diligence and risk management measures with respect to environmental and human rights impacts. The transposition of CSRD and CSDDD by EU member states will also impact the scope of these requirements. Additionally, the EU's Omnibus Simplification Package introduces further complexity and uncertainty in the European Union. These requirements may not be interpreted or applied uniformly, which may increase the cost and complexity of compliance, as well as any related risks. The UK has introduced a legislative framework focused on implementing the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (the “TCFD”), in particular by introducing mandatory TCFD-aligned disclosure requirements for certain firms based in the UK. Following consultations published by the UK Government on 25 June 2025 on developing a disclosure and assurance framework for sustainability-related financial disclosures, including the draft UK Sustainability Reporting Standards (“UK SRS”) based on the International Sustainability Standards Board (“ISSB”) IFRS S1 (General Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability-related Financial Information) and IFRS S2 (Climate-related Disclosures) standards, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) published a consultation on 30 January 2026 on how to adjust its current TCFD-aligned reporting requirements for listed companies to reference the UK SRS. The UK government will separately consult on economically significant companies disclosing information using the UK SRS. On 28 November 2023, the FCA published Policy Statement 23/16 on sustainability disclosure requirements (the “SDR”) and investment labels regime. The FCA introduced a package of measures under the SDR regime to help consumers navigate the market for sustainable investment products, including: (i) an anti-greenwashing rule for all FCA-authorised firms to reinforce that sustainability-related claims must be fair, clear and not misleading; (ii) naming and marketing rules for investment products to ensure the use of sustainability-related terms are accurate; (iii) four labels to help consumers navigate the sustainable investment product 63 landscape; and (iv) enhanced disclosure requirements to provide consumers and investors with better and more accessible information to help them understand the key sustainability features of a product. The SDR regime currently applies to U.K. funds, and overseas funds are not in scope. U.K. HM Treasury will determine the approach to overseas funds, including whether and how the SDR regime should be extended to overseas funds. The FCA is also considering how to streamline and enhance its sustainability reporting framework to: (i) simplify disclosure requirements and ease unnecessary burdens on firms; (ii) maintain good outcomes for clients and consumers and improve the decision usefulness of reporting, building on the work of SDR to improve trust and reduce greenwashing; and (iii) promote international alignment and help maintain the UK’s position as a global leader in sustainable finance. Accordingly, there remains substantial uncertainty as to the potential impact of this regime. Divergent sustainable investing disclosure obligations across the U.S., U.K. and the EU may increase compliance complexity and risk. The complexity and fragmentation of the global regulatory framework with respect to Sustainable and Impact investing matters increases the risk that any act or omission will be perceived negatively by regulators or other stakeholders. Conflicting policies across jurisdictions, including between U.S. federal and state approaches, many further complicate compliance. Failure to keep pace with these developments or to comply with applicable requirements could result in regulatory scrutiny, fines, sanctions, reputational harm and a material adverse effect on our business. We may consider Sustainable Investing and Impact factors in connection with investments for certain of our funds, and certain of our funds are constructed with specific Sustainable Investing or Impact components. Sustainable and Impact investing factors are not universally agreed upon or accepted by investors, and may change over time, and our consideration of these factors or construction of specific Sustainable Investing or Impact funds could attract opposition from certain segments of our existing and potential investor base. Any actual opposition to our consideration of Sustainable Investing or Impact factors could impact our ability to maintain or raise capital for our funds, which may adversely impact our revenues. If regulators disagree with the standards or methodologies we use, or require disclosure or measurement approaches different from our current practices, our business and reputation could be adversely affected. Climate change, climate change-related regulation and sustainability concerns could adversely affect our business and the operations of portfolio companies in which our funds invest, and any actions we take or fail to take in response to such matters could damage our reputation. We, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies face risks associated with climate change including risks related to the impact of climate- and sustainability-related legislation and regulation (both domestically and internationally), risks related to technology and climate change-related business trends (such as the process for transitioning to a lower-carbon economy) and risks stemming from the physical impacts of climate change. New climate change-related rules and regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, which could negatively affect us, our funds and portfolio companies in which they invest and materially increase the regulatory burden and cost of compliance. For example, developing and acting on sustainability initiatives, and collecting, measuring and reporting sustainable investing-related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming and is subject to evolving and different reporting standards, the EU’s CSRD, which is being phased in over time, the U.K.’s development of Sustainability Reporting Standards aligned with the ISSB, and similar requirements or initiatives adopted or under consideration by other non-U.S. regulatory bodies. In addition, climate-related disclosure rules adopted in the U.S. are subject to ongoing litigation and uncertainty regarding their scope, timing and implementation. We may also communicate certain climate-related initiatives, commitments and goals in our SEC filings or other disclosures or statements, which subjects us to additional risks, including the risk that we are perceived as, or accused of, “greenwashing.” Such perception or accusation could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory actions, and adversely impact our ability to raise capital and attract new investors. Certain portfolio companies in which our funds invest operate in sectors that could face transition risk if carbon-related regulations or taxes are implemented. For certain of these portfolio companies, business trends related to climate change may require capital expenditures, product or service redesigns, and changes to operations and supply chains to meet changing customer expectations. While this can create opportunities, not addressing these changed expectations, or not addressing them in a timely manner, could create business risks for portfolio companies, which could negatively impact the returns in our funds and accounts. Further, advances in climate science may change society’s understanding of sources and magnitudes of negative effects on climate, which could also negatively impact portfolio company financial performance. Further, significant chronic or acute physical effects of climate change, including extreme and more frequent weather events such as hurricanes or floods, can 64 also have an adverse impact on certain portfolio companies and investments, especially those that rely on physical factories, plants or stores located in the affected areas, or that focus on tourism or recreational travel. As the effects of climate change increase, the frequency and impact of weather and climate-related events and conditions could increase as well. In addition, our reputation may be harmed if certain stakeholders, such as our clients, stockholders or other third parties, believe that we are not adequately or appropriately responding to climate change or excessively factoring in climate change, including through the way in which we operate our business, the composition of our funds’ and accounts’ existing portfolios, the new investments made by them, or the decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to climate change considerations. The short-term and long-term impact of the Basel III capital standards on our clients is uncertain. In June 2011, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, an international body comprised of senior representatives of bank supervisory authorities and central banks from 27 countries, including the U.S., announced the final framework for a comprehensive set of capital and liquidity standards, commonly referred to as “Basel III,” for internationally active banking organizations and certain other types of financial institutions, which has since been supplemented by additional reforms finalized by the Basel Committee in 2017 and thereafter. These standards generally require banks to hold more capital, predominantly in the form of common equity, than under the previous capital framework, reduce leverage and improve liquidity standards. U.S. federal banking regulators have adopted regulations implementing substantial portions of Basel III and have proposed or continue to consider additional implementing regulations, including with respect to capital requirements for large banking organizations. Some of our clients are subject to the Basel III standards. The implementation and potential future changes of rules related to Basel III and related standards could restrict the ability of these clients to maintain or increase their investments in our funds to the extent that such investments adversely impact their risk-weighted asset ratios. Our loss of these clients, or inability to raise additional investment amounts from these clients, may adversely impact our revenues. Hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks. Investments by our funds in other hedge funds, as well as investments by our credit-focused, opportunistic and other hedge funds and similar products, are subject to numerous additional risks, including the following: • Certain of the underlying funds in which we invest are newly established funds without any operating history or are managed by management companies or general partners who may not have as significant track records as an independent manager. • Generally, the execution of these hedge funds’ investment strategies is subject to the sole discretion of the management company or the general partner of such funds. • Hedge funds may engage in speculative trading strategies, including short selling. • Hedge funds are exposed to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a dispute over the terms of the contract (whether or not bona fide) or because of a credit or liquidity problem or otherwise, thus causing the fund to suffer a loss. • Credit risk may arise through a default by one of several large institutions that are dependent on one another to meet their liquidity or operational needs, so that a default by one institution causes a series of defaults by the other institutions. • The efficacy of investment and trading strategies depend largely on the ability to establish and maintain an overall market position in a combination of financial instruments. A hedge fund’s trading orders may not be executed in a timely and efficient manner due to various circumstances, including systems failures or human error. In such event, the funds might only be able to acquire some but not all of the components of the position, or if the overall position were to need adjustment, the funds might not be able to make such adjustment. • Hedge funds may make investments or hold trading positions in markets that are volatile and which may become illiquid. Timely divestiture or sale of trading positions can be impaired by decreased trading volume, increased price volatility, concentrated trading positions, limitations on the ability to transfer positions in highly specialized or structured transactions to which they may be a party, and changes in industry and government regulations. It may be impossible or costly for hedge funds to liquidate positions rapidly in order to meet margin calls, withdrawal requests or otherwise, particularly if there are other market participants seeking to dispose of similar assets at the same time or the relevant market is otherwise moving against a position or in the event of trading 65 halts or daily price movement limits on the market or otherwise. For example, in 2008 many hedge funds, including some of our funds, experienced significant declines in value. In many cases, these declines in value were both provoked and exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. Moreover, certain of our funds of hedge funds were invested in third-party hedge funds that halted redemptions in the face of illiquidity and other issues, which precluded those funds of hedge funds from receiving their capital back on request. • Hedge fund investments are subject to risks relating to investments in commodities, futures, options and other derivatives, the prices of which are highly volatile and may be subject to the theoretically unlimited risk of loss in certain circumstances, including if the fund writes a call option. As a result of their affiliation with us, our funds may from time to time be restricted from trading in certain securities (e.g., publicly traded securities issued by our current or potential portfolio companies). This may limit their ability to acquire and/or subsequently dispose of investments in connection with transactions that would otherwise generally be permitted in the absence of such affiliation. Our fund investments in infrastructure assets may expose our funds to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of real assets. Investments in infrastructure assets may expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of real assets. For example: • Ownership of infrastructure assets may present risk of liability for personal and property injury or impose significant operating challenges and costs with respect to, for example, compliance with zoning, environmental, worker, public health and safety or other applicable laws or government actions, which may have a material adverse effect on the operations, financial condition and liquidity of particular assets and ultimately affect investment returns. • Infrastructure asset investments may face construction and development risks including, without limitation: shortages of suitable labor and equipment, adverse construction conditions, challenges in coordinating with public utilities, political or local opposition, failure to obtain regulatory approvals or permits, and catastrophic events such as explosions, fires, war, terrorist activities, natural disasters and other similar events. These events could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken. Certain infrastructure asset investments may remain in construction phases for a prolonged period and, accordingly, may not be cash generative for a prolonged period. Recourse against the contractor may be subject to liability caps or may be subject to default or insolvency on the part of the contractor. • The management of the business or operations of an infrastructure asset may be contracted to a third-party management company unaffiliated with us. Although it would be possible to replace any such operator, the failure of such an operator to adequately perform its duties or to act in ways that are in our best interest, or the breach by an operator of applicable agreements or laws, rules and regulations, could have an adverse effect on the investment’s financial condition and results of operations. Infrastructure investments often involve an ongoing commitment to a municipal, state, federal or foreign government or regulatory agencies. The nature of these obligations exposes us to a higher level of regulatory control than typically imposed on other businesses and may require us to rely on complex government licenses, concessions, leases or contracts, which may be difficult to obtain or maintain. Infrastructure investments may require operators to manage such investments and such operators’ failure to comply with laws, including prohibitions against bribing of government officials, may adversely affect the value of such investments and cause us serious reputational and legal harm. Revenues for such investments may rely on contractual agreements for the provision of services with a limited number of counterparties, and are consequently subject to counterparty default risk. The operations and cash flow of infrastructure investments are also more sensitive to inflation and, in certain cases, commodity price risk. Furthermore, services provided by infrastructure investments may be subject to rate regulations by government entities that determine or limit prices that may be charged. Similarly, users of applicable services or government entities in response to such users may react negatively to any adjustments in rates and thus reduce the profitability of such infrastructure investments. 66 Our historical financial results included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not be indicative of what our actual financial position or results of operations would have been if we had been a public company. Our historical financial results included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K do not reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows we would have achieved as a public company during the periods presented or those we will achieve in the future. Our financial condition and future results of operations could be materially different from amounts reflected in GCM Grosvenor’s historical financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, so it may be difficult for investors to compare our future results to historical results or to evaluate our relative performance or trends in our business. Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure We are currently a “controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq listing standards and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements for as long as we qualify for such exemptions. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Key Holders hold all of the Class C common stock, which prior to the Sunset Date will entitle such holders to cast the lesser of 10 votes per share and the Class C Share Voting Amount, the latter of which is generally a number of votes per share equal to (1) (x) an amount of votes equal to 75% of the aggregate voting power of our capital stock (including for this purpose any Includible Shares), minus (y) the total voting power of our capital stock (other than our Class C common stock) owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Key Holders (including, any Includible Shares), divided by (2) the number of shares of our Class C common stock then outstanding. As a result, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Key Holders control approximately 75% of the combined voting power of our common stock. As a result of the Key Holders’ holdings, we currently qualify as a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”). Under these rules, a listed company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a “controlled company” and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirement that (i) a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors, (ii) we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors and (iii) director nominees be selected or recommended to the board by independent directors. We rely on certain of these exemptions. As a result, we do not have a compensation committee consisting entirely of independent directors and our directors are not nominated or selected solely by independent directors. We may also rely on the other exemptions so long as we qualify as a controlled company. To the extent we rely on any of these exemptions, holders of our Class A common stock will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. The multi-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with our Chief Executive Officer, which will limit an investor’s ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change of control. Holders of shares of our Class A common stock are entitled to cast one vote per share of Class A common stock while holders of shares of our Class C common stock are, (1) prior to the Sunset Date, entitled to cast the lesser of (x) 10 votes per share and (y) the Class C Share Voting Amount and (2) from and after the Sunset Date, entitled to cast one vote per share. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Key Holders controlled approximately 75% of the combined voting power of our common stock as a result of their ownership of all of our Class C common stock. Accordingly, while we do not intend to issue additional Class C common stock in the future, Mr. Sacks, through his control of GCM V, will be able to exercise control over all matters requiring our stockholders’ approval, including the election of our directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transactions. Mr. Sacks may have interests that differ from our other stockholders and may vote in a way with which our other stockholders disagree and which may be adverse to their interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of our company, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale of our company, and might ultimately affect the market price of shares of our Class A common stock. We cannot predict the impact our multi-class structure may have on the stock price of our Class A common stock. We cannot predict whether our multi-class structure will result in a lower or more volatile market price of Class A common stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. Several stockholder advisory firms and large institutional investors oppose the use of multiple-class share structures. As a result, the multi-class structure of our common stock may cause stockholder advisory firms to publish negative commentary about our corporate governance practices or otherwise seek to cause 67 us to change our capital structure and may result in large institutional investors not purchasing shares of our Class A common stock. Any actions or publications by stockholder advisory firms or institutional investors critical of our corporate governance practices or capital structure could adversely affect the value of our Class A common stock. We are required to pay over to the GCMH Equityholders most of the tax benefits we receive from tax basis step-ups attributable to our acquisition of Grosvenor common units from GCMH Equityholders and certain other tax attributes, and the amount of those payments could be substantial. In connection with the Closing, we entered into a tax receivable agreement (the “Tax Receivable Agreement”) with the GCMH Equityholders (the GCMH Equityholders, and their successors and assigns with respect to the Tax Receivable Agreement, the “TRA Parties”), pursuant to which we will generally pay them 85% of the amount of the tax savings, if any, that we realize (or, under certain circumstances, are deemed to realize) as a result of increases in tax basis (and certain other tax benefits) resulting from our acquisition of equity interests in GCMH from current or former GCMH equityholders (including in connection with the Business Combination, and with future exchanges of Grosvenor common units for Class A common stock or cash), from certain existing tax basis in the assets of GCMH and its subsidiaries, and from certain deductions arising from payments made in connection with the Tax Receivable Agreement. The term of the Tax Receivable Agreement commenced upon the Closing and will continue until all benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement have been utilized or expired, subject to the potential acceleration of our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement that is discussed below. The Tax Receivable Agreement makes certain simplifying assumptions regarding the determination of the tax savings that we realize or are deemed to realize from applicable tax attributes (including use of an assumed state and local income tax rate), which may result in payments pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement in excess of those that would result if such assumptions were not made and therefore in excess of 85% of our actual tax savings. The actual increases in tax basis arising from our acquisition of interests in GCMH, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary depending on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the price of our Class A common stock at the time of the purchase or exchange, the timing of any future exchanges, the extent to which exchanges are taxable, the amount and timing of our income and the tax rates then applicable. We expect that the payments that we are required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreement could be substantial. The TRA Parties will not reimburse us for any payments previously made if any covered tax benefits are subsequently disallowed, except that excess payments made to the TRA Parties will be netted against future payments that would otherwise be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement. It is possible that the Internal Revenue Service might challenge our tax positions claiming benefits with respect to the attributes covered by the Tax Receivable Agreement, or may make adjustments to our taxable income that would affect our liabilities pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement. We could make payments to the TRA Parties under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are greater than our actual tax savings and may not be able to recoup those payments, which could negatively impact our liquidity. The payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are not conditioned upon any TRA Party’s continued ownership of us. The Tax Receivable Agreement provides that in the case of certain changes of control, or at the election of a representative of the TRA Parties upon a material breach of our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement or upon the occurrence of certain credit-related events, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be accelerated. If our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement are accelerated, we will be required to make a payment to the TRA Parties in an amount equal to the present value of future payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, calculated utilizing certain assumptions. Those assumptions include the assumptions that the TRA Parties will have exchanged all of their Grosvenor common units, and that we will have sufficient taxable income to utilize any tax deductions arising from the covered tax attributes in the earliest year they become available. If our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement are accelerated, those obligations could have a substantial negative impact on our, or a potential acquiror’s liquidity, and could have the effect of delaying, deferring, modifying or preventing certain mergers, business combinations or other changes of control. These provisions could also result in situations where the TRA Parties have interests that differ from or are in addition to those of our other equityholders. In addition, we could be required to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are substantial, significantly in advance of any potential actual realization of such tax benefits, and in excess of our, or a potential acquiror’s, actual tax savings, and in some cases involving a change of control we could be required to make payments even in the absence of any actual increases in tax basis or benefit from existing tax basis. 68 Our only material asset is our interest in GCMH, and we are accordingly dependent upon distributions from GCMH to pay dividends, taxes and other expenses. We are a holding company with no material assets other than our indirect ownership of equity interests in GCMH and certain deferred tax assets. As such, we do not have any independent means of generating revenue. We intend to cause GCMH to make distributions to its members, including us, in an amount at least sufficient to allow us to pay all applicable taxes, to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and to pay our corporate and other overhead expenses. To the extent that we need funds, and GCMH is restricted from making such distributions under applicable laws or regulations, or is otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. In certain circumstances, GCMH will be required to make distributions to us and the GCMH Equityholders, and the distributions that GCMH will be required to make may be substantial and may be made in a manner that is not pro rata among the holders of Grosvenor common units. GCMH is treated, and will continue to be treated, as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, generally is not subject to U.S. federal income tax. Instead, its taxable income is generally allocated to its members, including us. Pursuant to the A&R LLLPA, GCMH will make cash distributions, or tax distributions, to the members, including us, calculated using an assumed tax rate, to provide liquidity to its members to pay taxes on such member’s allocable share of the cumulative taxable income, reduced by cumulative taxable losses. Under applicable tax rules, GCMH will be required to allocate net taxable income disproportionately to its members in certain circumstances. Because tax distributions may be made on a pro rata basis to all members and such tax distributions may be determined based on the member who is allocated the largest amount of taxable income on a per Grosvenor common unit basis and an assumed tax rate that is the highest tax rate applicable to any member, GCMH may be required to make tax distributions that, in the aggregate, exceed the amount of taxes that GCMH would have paid if it were taxed on its net income at the assumed rate. As a result of (i) potential differences in the amount of net taxable income allocable to us and to the GCMH Equityholders, (ii) the lower tax rate applicable to corporations than individuals and (iii) the use of an assumed tax rate in calculating GCMH’s distribution obligations, among other considerations, we may receive distributions significantly in excess of our tax liabilities and obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. If we do not distribute such cash balances as dividends on our Class A common stock and instead, for example, hold such cash balances or lend them to GCMH, the GCMH Equityholders would benefit from any value attributable to such accumulated cash balances as a result of their right to acquire shares of our Class A common stock or, at our election, an amount of cash equal to the fair market value thereof, in exchange for their Grosvenor common units. We will have no obligation to distribute such cash balances to our stockholders, and no adjustments will be made to the consideration provided to an exchanging holder in connection with a direct exchange or redemption of Grosvenor common units under the A&R LLLPA as a result of any retention of cash by us. The A&R LLLPA provides Holdings with an option to reduce the pro rata tax distributions otherwise required to be made to the members of GCMH, provided that in no event may the amount of such tax distributions be reduced below the amount required to permit us to pay our actual tax liabilities and obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. If the tax liabilities of the GCMH Equityholders attributable to allocations from GCMH (calculated utilizing assumptions similar to those described above) are in excess of the reduced pro rata tax distributions made to the members of GCMH, then GCMH will generally make non-pro rata tax distributions to such members in an amount sufficient to permit them to pay such tax liabilities. Any such non-pro rata tax distributions would be treated as advances against other distributions to which the applicable members would be entitled under the A&R LLLPA. In addition, if any such advances have not been recouped via offset against other distributions from GCMH at the time that associated Grosvenor common units are transferred (including as a result of a direct exchange or redemption of Grosvenor common units under the A&R LLLPA) then the applicable transferring member will generally be required to repay the amount of the advance associated with such Grosvenor common units within fifteen days following the transfer. This arrangement could result in the members of GCMH (other than us) receiving cash via tax distributions in a manner that is not pro rata with, and that is in advance of, cash distributions made to us. No interest will be charged with respect to any such tax distributions that are treated as advances to members of GCMH other than us. We may bear certain tax liabilities that are attributable to audit adjustments for taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending prior to the Business Combination, or that are disproportionate to our ownership interest in GCMH in the taxable period for which the relevant adjustment is imposed. Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code enacted as part of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (such provisions, the “Partnership Tax Audit Rules”), partnerships (and not the partners of the partnerships) can be subject to U.S. federal income taxes (and any related interest and penalties) resulting from adjustments made pursuant to an IRS audit or judicial proceedings 69 to the items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit shown on the partnership’s tax return (or how such items are allocated among the partners), notwithstanding the fact that absent such adjustments liability for taxes on partnership income is borne by the partners rather than the partnership. Under the Partnership Tax Audit Rules, a partnership’s liability for taxes may be reduced or avoided in certain circumstances depending on the status or actions of its partners. For example, if partners agree to amend their tax returns and pay the resulting taxes, the partnership’s liability can be reduced. Partnerships also may be able to make elections to “push out” the tax liability resulting from the adjustment to the persons who were partners in the prior taxable year that is the subject of the adjustment, and, as a result, avoid having the relevant liability paid at the partnership-level and instead be borne by the persons who are partners at the time the relevant liability is paid. Holdings is entitled to direct whether or not GCMH or its subsidiaries will make the “push out” election described above for adjustments attributable to taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending on or prior to the date of the Business Combination, and whether any such entity will pay any applicable liability at the entity level. Furthermore, although the Partnership Tax Audit Rules generally apply only to adjustments with respect to 2018 and later years, Holdings is entitled to direct GCMH to elect the application of these rules to 2016 and 2017. The provisions of the A&R LLLPA prohibit GCMH from seeking indemnification or other recoveries from the GCMH Equityholders in respect of such liabilities. With respect to Holdings’ exercise of this authority, Holdings’ interests will generally differ from the interests of our other shareholders. Moreover, with respect to taxable periods beginning after the Business Combination, there is no requirement that GCMH or any of its subsidiaries make any “push-out” election. We accordingly may be required to bear a share of any taxes, interest, or penalties associated with any adjustments to applicable tax returns that exceeds our proportionate share of such liabilities based on our ownership interest in GCMH in the taxable period for which such adjustments are imposed (including periods prior to the effective date of the Business Combination during which we had no interest in GCMH), which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. If we were deemed an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. An issuer will generally be deemed to be an “investment company” for purposes of the Investment Company Act if: • it is an “orthodox” investment company because it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities; or • it is an inadvertent investment company because, absent an applicable exemption, it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We believe that we are engaged primarily in the business of providing asset management services and not primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We also believe that the primary source of income from each of our businesses is properly characterized as income earned in exchange for the provision of services. We hold ourselves out as an asset management firm and do not propose to engage primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Accordingly, we do not believe that we, GCM LLC or GCMH are an “orthodox” investment company as described in the first bullet point above. Furthermore, we treat GCM LLC and GCMH as majority-owned subsidiaries for purposes of the Investment Company Act, and each of GCM LLC and GCMH treats its registered investment adviser subsidiaries as majority-owned subsidiaries for purposes of the Investment Company Act. Therefore, we believe that less than 40% of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis will comprise assets that could be considered investment securities. Accordingly, we do not believe that we, GCM LLC or GCMH will be an inadvertent investment company by virtue of the 40% inadvertent investment company test as described in the second bullet point above. In addition, we believe we are not an investment company under section 3(b)(1) of the Investment Company Act because we are primarily engaged in a non-investment company business. The Investment Company Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operations of investment companies. Among other things, the Investment Company Act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, prohibit the issuance of stock options, and impose certain governance requirements. We intend to continue to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, if anything were to happen that would cause us to be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, requirements imposed by the Investment Company Act, including limitations on our capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates (including GCMH) and ability to 70 compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among GCMH, us or our senior management team, or any combination thereof and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. A change of control of our Company could result in an assignment of our investment advisory agreements. Under the Advisers Act, each of the investment advisory agreements for the funds and other accounts we manage must provide that it may not be assigned without the consent of the particular fund or other client accounts. An assignment may occur under the Advisers Act if, among other things, GCMH undergoes a change of control. From and after the Sunset Date, each share of Class C common stock will entitle the record holder thereof to one vote per share instead of potentially multiple votes per share and the Key Holders will no longer control the appointment of directors or be able to direct the vote on all matters that are submitted to our stockholders for a vote. Prior to the Sunset Date, Mr. Sacks, the beneficial holder of approximately 75% of the combined voting power of our common stock as of the Closing through his ownership of GCM V, may die or become disabled. These events could be deemed a change of control of GCMH, and thus an assignment under the Advisers Act. If such an assignment occurs, we cannot be certain that GCMH will be able to obtain the necessary consents from our funds and other client accounts, which could cause us to lose the management fees and performance fees we earn from such funds and other client accounts. Because many members of our senior management team hold most or all of their economic interest in GCMH through other entities, conflicts of interest could arise between them and holders of shares of our Class A common stock or us. Because many members of our senior management team hold most or all of their economic interest in GCMH through holding companies and other vehicles rather than through ownership of shares of our Class A common stock, they could have interests that do not align with, or conflict with, those of the holders of our Class A common stock or with us. For example, certain members of our senior management team may have different tax positions from those of our company and/or our Class A common stockholders, which could influence their decisions regarding whether and when to enter into certain transactions or dispose of assets, whether and when to incur new or refinance existing indebtedness, and whether and when we should terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement and accelerate the obligations thereunder. In addition, the structuring of future transactions and investments may take into consideration the members’ tax considerations even where no similar benefit would accrue to us. Provisions in our organizational documents and certain rules imposed by regulatory authorities may delay or prevent our acquisition by a third-party. Our Charter and Bylaws contain several provisions that may make it more difficult or expensive for a third-party to acquire control of us without the approval of our board of directors. These provisions, which may delay, prevent or deter a merger, acquisition, tender offer, proxy contest or other transaction that stockholders may consider favorable, include the following: • the fact that the Class C common stock may be entitled to multiple votes per share until (i) such share of Class C common stock is canceled/redeemed for no consideration upon, subject to certain exceptions, (ii) the disposition of (a) the Grosvenor common units and (b) the shares of Class A common stock (as a result of a redemption of Grosvenor common units) paired with such Class C common stock, as applicable, and (iii) with respect to all shares of Class C common stock, the Sunset Date; • the sole ability of directors to fill a vacancy on the board of directors; • advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations; • after we no longer qualify as a “controlled company” under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(c)(1), provisions limiting stockholders’ ability to call special meetings of stockholders, to require special meetings of stockholders to be called and to take action by written consent; and • the ability of our governing body to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used, among other things, to institute a rights plan that would have the effect of significantly diluting the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquiror, likely preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our governing body. These provisions of our Charter and Bylaws could discourage potential takeover attempts and reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our Class A common stock in the future, which could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. For more information, see “Description of Capital Stock.” 71 In the event of a merger, consolidation or tender or exchange offer, holders of our Class A common stock will not be entitled to receive excess economic consideration for their shares over that payable to the holders of our Class B common stock. No shares of our Class B common stock, the primary purpose of which is to be available for issuance in connection with acquisitions, joint ventures, investments or other commercial arrangements, are outstanding as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we choose to issue Class B common stock in the future, the holders of Class A common stock will not be entitled to receive economic consideration for their shares in excess of that payable to the holders of the then outstanding shares of Class B common stock in the event of a merger, consolidation or tender or exchange offer, even though Class B common stock does not have the right to vote. This would result in a lesser payment to the holders of Class A common stock than if there are no shares of Class B common stock outstanding at the time of such merger, consolidation or tender or exchange offer. The provisions of our Charter requiring exclusive forum in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the U.S. for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against its directors and officers. Our Charter provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we provide notice in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of its directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), our Charter or Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Our Charter further provides that the federal district courts of the U.S. are the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. By becoming a stockholder in our company, you will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the exclusive forum provisions of our Charter. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision relating to causes of action arising under the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Charter provides that the exclusive forum provisions do not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. These provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies’ certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in the proposed certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. If we were to convert into a public benefit corporation, our status as such may not result in the benefits that we anticipate. Pursuant to our Charter, our board of directors has the option to, without prior notice to our stockholders, cause us to convert into a Delaware public benefit corporation in order to demonstrate our commitment to environmental, social and governance issues facing societies. If we were to convert into a public benefit corporation, we would be required to balance the financial interests of our stockholders with the best interests of those stakeholders materially affected by our conduct, including particularly those affected by the specific benefit purposes set forth in our Charter. In addition, there is no assurance that the expected positive impact from being a public benefit corporation would be realized. Accordingly, being a public benefit corporation and complying with the related obligations could negatively impact our ability to provide the highest possible return to our stockholders. We currently pay dividends to our stockholders, but our ability to do so is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and may be limited by our holding company structure and applicable provisions of Delaware law. Although we expect to continue to pay cash dividends to our stockholders, our board of directors may, in its discretion, increase or decrease the level of dividends or discontinue the payment of dividends entirely. In addition, as a holding company, we are dependent upon the ability of GCMH to generate earnings and cash flows and distribute them to us so that we may pay our obligations and expenses (including our taxes and payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement) and pay dividends to our stockholders. We expect to cause GCMH to make distributions to its members, including us. However, the ability of GCMH to make such distributions is subject to its operating results, cash requirements and financial condition, restrictive covenants in our debt instruments and applicable Delaware law (which may limit the amount of funds available for distribution to its members). Our ability to declare and pay dividends to our stockholders is likewise subject to Delaware law (which may limit the amount of 72 funds available for dividends). If, as a consequence of these various limitations and restrictions, we are unable to generate sufficient distributions from our business, we may not be able to make, or may be required to reduce or eliminate, the payment of dividends on our Class A common stock. We may change our dividend policy at any time. We have no obligation to pay any dividend, and our dividend policy may change at any time without notice. The declaration and amount of any future dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors in determining whether dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders based on our financial performance and other factors and are in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends by us. In addition, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is currently limited by the covenants of our current debt instruments and may be further restricted by the terms of any future debt securities or instruments or preferred securities. Future dividends may also be affected by factors that our board of directors deems relevant, including, without limitation: • general economic and business conditions; • our strategic plans and prospects; • our business and investment opportunities; • our financial condition and operating results, including our cash position, net income and realizations on investments made by its investment funds; • working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs; • contractual restrictions and obligations, including payment obligations pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement; and • legal, tax and regulatory restrictions. Risks Related to Being a Public Company Failure to establish and maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. We are required to comply with the SEC’s rules implementing Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports, and we are required to comply with the SEC’s rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires management provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. Additionally, we are required to have our independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. An adverse report may be issued in the event our independent registered public accounting firm is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal controls, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the entity’s financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal controls that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those charged with governance. When evaluating our internal control over financial reporting, we may identify material weaknesses that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the applicable deadline imposed upon us for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. If we identify or fail to remediate any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is ineffective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we could fail to meet our reporting obligations or be required to restate our financial statements for prior periods. Investors may also lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our Class A common stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 73 A significant portion of our total outstanding shares of our Class A common stock (or shares of our Class A common stock that may be issued in the future pursuant to the exchange or redemption of Grosvenor common units) may be sold into the market in the near future. We could also issue and sell additional shares of Class A common stock in the future. These events could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well . The market price of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of Class A common stock in the market or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. In addition, as of February 16, 2026, the GCMH Equityholders owned approximately 70% of the Grosvenor common units. For so long as registration statements for the sale of shares of our Class A common stock by the parties to the Registration Rights Agreement are available for use, the sale or possibility of sale of these shares of Class A common stock could have the effect of increasing the volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock, or decreasing the market price itself, even if our business is doing well. Purchases of shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase plan may affect the value of our Class A common stock, and there can be no assurance that our stock repurchase plan will enhance stockholder value. Pursuant to our publicly announced stock repurchase plan, as of December 31, 2025, we were authorized to repurchase up to $220 million in the aggregate of our Class A common stock, including through the repurchase of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and through a reduction of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to employees to satisfy associated obligations in connection with the settlement of equity-based awards granted under our Amended and Restated 2020 Incentive Award Plan (and any successor equity plan thereto). The timing and amount of any future share repurchases will be determined based on legal requirements, price, market and economic conditions and other factors. This activity could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of our Class A common stock at that time. Additionally, repurchases under our share repurchase program will continue to diminish our cash reserves, which could impact our ability to pursue possible strategic opportunities and acquisitions and could result in lower overall returns on our cash balances. There can be no assurance that any share repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our Class A shares could decline. Although our share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, short-term share price fluctuations could reduce the program’s effectiveness. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we spent $25.7 million to settle in cash or reduce shares of Class A common stock to be issued to employees in satisfaction of associated tax obligations in connection with the settlement of vested restricted stock units. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we spent $30.7 million to repurchase shares of Class A common stock in open market transactions. As of December 31, 2025, $55.7 million remains available under our stock repurchase plan. The obligations associated with being a public company involve significant expenses and require significant resources and management attention, which may divert from our business operations. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Exchange Act requires the filing of annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to a public company’s business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that a public company establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we incur, and will continue to incur, significant legal, accounting and other expenses associated with being a public company. These rules and regulations have resulted, and will continue to result, in us incurring substantial legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations will likely make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 74 General

--- VENDORS ---
vendors or third parties with whom we conduct business, including custodians, paying agents and escrow agents, or directly affecting our principal offices, could negatively impact our ability to continue to operate our business without interruption. Our business continuation or disaster recovery programs may not be sufficient to mitigate the harm that could result from such a disaster or disruption, and insurance and other safeguards may only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. We are also subject to the risk that the financial institutions with which we maintain credit facilities or cash account balances fail. Failure to maintain the security of our information technology networks, or those of our service providers and other third-parties, or cybersecurity incidents could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. We rely on the storage, transmission, and other processing of confidential and other sensitive information, including personal data and proprietary information in our computer systems, hardware, software, technology infrastructure and online sites and networks, and those of our service providers and their vendors (collectively, “IT Systems”). In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store a range of data, including our proprietary business information and intellectual property, and personally identifiable information of our employees, our clients and other third parties, in our cloud applications and on our networks, as well as our services providers’ systems. Additionally, we are required to provide sensitive information to government agencies, including biographical, financial and tax information relating to our personnel or investments to comply with anti-money laundering and other legal requirements. We, our service providers, government agencies and their vendors face various and evolving cybersecurity risks that threaten the confidentiality, integrity and availability of our IT Systems and personal data and proprietary information that we, or they, process. These include ongoing cybersecurity threats and attacks on our and their IT Systems that are intended to gain unauthorized access to our sensitive or proprietary information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems, and risks from diverse threat actors, such as state-sponsored organizations, opportunistic hackers and hacktivists. Cyberattack techniques are continually evolving, may not immediately be recognized and can originate from a wide variety of sources, including remote areas of the world, making them difficult to detect. For example, threat actors could impersonate us or our employees through the use of artificial intelligence technologies, and such technologies make such impersonation more likely to occur or appear more credible. There has been an increase in the frequency, sophistication and ingenuity of the cybersecurity threats we, our service providers and their vendors face. Cyberattacks are accelerating on a global basis in both frequency, pace and magnitude and threat actors are becoming 44 increasingly sophisticated in using techniques and tools that circumvent security controls, evade detection and remove forensic evidence. The rapid evolution and increased availability of artificial intelligence may intensify cybersecurity risks by making such attacks and other cybersecurity incidents more difficult to detect, contain, and mitigate. Advancements in emerging technologies, such as artificial intelligence or quantum computing, may also be used by cyber criminals to increase the variety and effectiveness of cyberattack techniques, enhance the pace of such attacks, and increase the severity of the damage they cause. Our and our third-party service providers’ IT Systems are also vulnerable to unauthorized or unlawful access, theft, misuse, social engineering/phishing, computer viruses, bugs, ransomware or other malicious code, employee, vendor or contractor error or malfeasance, technological error and other events that could have a negative impact on the security, confidentiality, integrity and availability of our IT Systems and data. In recent years, there has been a significant increase in ransomware and other hacking attempts by cyber-criminals. We and our employees have been and expect to continue to be the target of phishing attacks, and the subject of impersonations and fraudulent requests for money, and other forms of activities. Further, we allow for hybrid and remote office work, which introduces operational risks, including heightened cybersecurity risk, as remote working environments can be less secure and more susceptible to cyberattacks due to cybersecurity risks associated with managing remote computing assets and security vulnerabilities that are present in many non-corporate and home networks. Additionally, any integration of artificial intelligence in our or our third-party service providers’ operations, products or services poses new or unknown cybersecurity risks and challenges. As a result of these different cybersecurity risks and threats, we may be unable to anticipate, detect, investigate, remediate or recover from cybersecurity incidents and attacks, or avoid a material adverse impact to our IT Systems, data or business. In addition, cybersecurity has become a focus for regulators. For example, the SEC adopted rules on Cybersecurity Risk Management, Strategy, Governance, and Incident Disclosure by Public Companies that enhance and standardize disclosures for public companies with regards to their cybersecurity risk management, strategy and governance, and require the disclosure of material cybersecurity incidents. In addition, the SEC adopted amendments to Regulation S-P (the privacy regulations applicable to financial institutions, including investment advisers) that, among other things, require the adoption of additional written policies and procedures to detect, respond to and recover from unauthorized access to or use of customer information and mandate notification to clients and customers in the event of certain data security incidents. These rules increase our compliance costs and potential regulatory liability related to cybersecurity, require changes to our business practices and policies and may otherwise affect our business, operations and financial condition. We are dependent on the effectiveness of our and our service providers’ information security policies, procedures and capabilities designed to protect our and their IT Systems and the data such systems contain or transmit. Further, we cannot guarantee that these measures, and our cybersecurity risk management program and processes, will be fully implemented, complied with or effective in protecting our IT Systems and confidential information or that attempted security incidents or disruptions would not be successful or damaging. Even if the vulnerabilities that lead to any incident are identified, we may be unable to adequately investigate or remediate due to threat actors using tools (including artificial intelligence) and techniques that are designed to circumvent controls, avoid detection and remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. A cyberattack could persist undetected over an extended period of time and may not be mitigated in a timely manner to prevent or minimize the impact on us. Attacks on our IT Systems could enable threat actors to gain unauthorized access to and steal our sensitive, personal or proprietary information, destroy data or disable, degrade or sabotage our systems or divert or otherwise steal funds. Attacks could range from those common to businesses generally to those that are more advanced and persistent, which may target us because members of our senior management team may have public profiles or because, as an alternative asset management firm, we hold a significant amount of confidential and sensitive information about our clients and investments. Any circumvention or failure of our or our service providers’ cybersecurity measures and risk management program could potentially jeopardize our, our employees’ or our clients’ or counterparties’ sensitive, confidential, personal proprietary and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our IT Systems, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our, our employees’, our clients’, our counterparties’ or third parties’ operations, which could result in material financial losses, increased costs, disruption of our business, liability to clients and other counterparties, regulatory intervention, proceedings, orders, litigation (including class actions), indemnity obligations, damages for contract breach or fines or penalties for violation of applicable laws or regulations, or reputational damage, which, in turn, could cause a decline in our earnings and/or stock price. Furthermore, if we experience a cybersecurity incident, it could result in regulatory investigations and material penalties, which could lead to negative publicity and may cause our clients to lose confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures. Although we maintain errors or omissions and cyber liability insurance, the costs related to an incident or other security threats or disruptions may not be fully insured or indemnified by other means, and insurance and other safeguards 45 might only partially reimburse us for our losses, if at all. We also cannot guarantee that applicable insurance will be available to us in the future on economically reasonable terms or at all. Rapidly developing and changing privacy laws and regulations could increase compliance costs and subject us to enforcement risks and reputational damage. We are subject to various requirements, risks and costs associated with the collection, storage, transmission, disclosure and other processing of personal data and other sensitive and confidential information. Personal data is wide ranging and relates to our clients, employees, counterparties and other third parties. Many jurisdictions in which we operate have laws and regulations relating to data privacy or the protection and processing of personal data, creating an overlapping patchwork of legislation that is always evolving and subject to differing interpretations. For example, in the U.S., our compliance obligations include those relating to state laws, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CCPA”), which provides for enhanced privacy rights for California residents, such as the right to opt out of certain processing of their personal information, and is enforced by the California Attorney General and the California Privacy Protection Agency, with statutory fines and damages. The CCPA provides a private right of action for certain data breaches and imposes a range of other compliance obligations, and its implementing regulations continue to evolve. In addition, a growing number of other states have enacted comprehensive consumer privacy laws that impose similar, and in some cases differing, requirements, reflecting a trend toward more stringent and complex data privacy legislation in the U.S. Any actual or perceived failure to comply with these privacy laws could result in civil penalties, private litigation, regulatory enforcement actions, increased compliance costs, and/or require us to make changes to our data processing practices. We are also required to comply with foreign data collection and privacy laws in various non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we have offices or conduct business. For example, we are subject to the European Union General Data Protection Regulation and applicable national supplementing laws (“EU GDPR”) and the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulations and Data Protection Act 2018 (“U.K. GDPR” and with the EU GDPR, the “GDPR”). Compliance with the GDPR requires us to analyze and evaluate how we handle data in the ordinary course of business, from processes to technology. The GDPR requires, among other things, providing EU and U.K. data subjects with information about how their personal data is used and stored, complying with restrictions on certain processing of personal data, and honoring data subject rights, including rights of access, deletion and objection. Financial regulators and data protection authorities throughout the EU and U.K. have broad audit and investigatory powers under the GDPR to probe how personal data is used and processed. Many other countries and jurisdictions have enacted similar privacy laws. For example, Canada has proposed reforms to its comprehensive federal privacy law, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, though such reforms have not yet been enacted. The Canadian province of Quebec has passed its own privacy law, known as Quebec Law 25, which further restricts how companies may process the personal information of residents of those jurisdictions. Failure to comply with these international privacy laws can result in civil penalties. Under the GDPR and certain other privacy regimes, we are subject to rules regarding cross-border transfers of personal data. Legal developments in Europe have created increased regulatory scrutiny of transfers of personal data from the European Economic Area (“EEA”) and the U.K. to the U.S. and other jurisdictions, and the regulatory framework governing international data transfers continues to evolve. We currently rely on standard contractual clauses and other transfer mechanisms, including the U.K. International Data Transfer Agreement, for certain intragroup, customer and vendor agreements. As the enforcement landscape relating to international data transfers continues to develop and supervisory authorities issue additional guidance or impose new requirements, we could incur additional compliance costs, face complaints, regulatory inquiries or investigations, or be subject to fines or other sanctions. We may also be required to modify our data transfer practices, update contractual arrangements, implement additional safeguards, or discontinue the use of certain tools or service providers, any of which could affect the manner in which we provide our services and could have a material adverse effect our business, operations and financial condition. 46 Extensive government regulation, compliance failures and changes in law or regulation could adversely affect us. Our business activities are subject to extensive and evolving laws, rules and regulations with which we seek to comply, and we are subject to periodic, routine examinations by governmental agencies, including the SEC, and self-regulatory organizations in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Any changes or potential changes in the regulatory framework applicable to our business may impose additional expenses or capital requirements on us, limit our fundraising activities, have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, reputation or prospects, impair employee retention or recruitment and require substantial attention by senior management. Recently adopted rules, as well as proposed new rules and amendments to existing rules and regulations, by these regulatory bodies and government agencies could significantly impact us and our operations, including by increasing compliance burdens and associated regulatory costs and complexity. In addition, these rules enhance the risk of regulatory action, which could adversely impact our reputation and our fundraising efforts, including as a result of public regulatory sanctions and increased regulatory enforcement activity in the financial services industry. It is impossible to determine the extent of the impact of any new laws, regulations, initiatives or regulatory guidance that may be proposed or may become law on our business or the markets in which we operate, but they could make it more difficult for us to operate our business. Governmental authorities around the world have implemented or are implementing financial system and participant regulatory reform in reaction to volatility and disruption in the global financial markets, financial institution failures and financial frauds. Such reform includes, among other things, additional regulation of investment funds, as well as their managers and activities, including compliance, risk management and anti-money laundering procedures; restrictions on specific types of investments and the provision and use of leverage; implementation of capital requirements; limitations on compensation to managers; and books and records, reporting and disclosure requirements. We cannot predict with certainty the impact on us, our funds, or on alternative investment funds generally, of any such reforms. Any of these regulatory reform measures could have an adverse effect on our funds’ investment strategies or our business model. We may incur significant expense in order to comply with such reform measures and may incur significant liabilities if regulatory authorities determine that we are not in compliance. We could also be adversely affected by changes in applicable tax laws, regulations, or administrative interpretations thereof and new tax laws in both U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions may be passed with little advance notice. For example, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the “IRA”) imposes, among other things, an excise tax on stock repurchases, which could adversely affect the amount and/or timing of the tax we may be required to pay. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, or the TCJA, enacted on December 22, 2017, significantly affected U.S. tax law, including by changing how the U.S. imposes tax on certain types of income of corporations and by reducing the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate to 21%. It also imposed new limitations on several tax benefits, including deductions for business interest, use of NOL carryforwards, taxation of foreign income, and the foreign tax credit, among others. Some provisions of the TCJA have been extended or modified by the “One Big Beautiful Bill Act” (the “OBBBA”) that was signed into law on July 4, 2025. Among other changes, the OBBBA modifies key business tax provisions, including the restoration of 100% bonus depreciation under Section 168(k) of the Code, the restoration of the immediate deduction of U.S. domestic research and experimental expenditures under Section 174A of the Code, the restoration of the EBITDA-based business interest expense limitation under Section 163(j) of the Code, and changes to the computation of taxes related to international operations. We are currently assessing the impact of the OBBBA on us, but the legislation did not have a significant impact on income tax expense in 2025. Furthermore, the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (the “OECD”) has announced an accord commonly referred to as “Pillar Two” to set a minimum global corporate tax rate of 15%, which has been or may be implemented in many jurisdictions. The OECD is also issuing guidelines that are different, in some respects, than current international tax principles. In June 2025, the G7 and the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued a statement that outlined a shared understanding to exclude U.S. parented groups from certain aspects of the Pillar Two minimum global tax principles. On January 5, 2026, more than 145 countries in the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework agreed to have U.S.-headquartered companies remain subject to only U.S. global minimum taxes while exempting them from Pillar Two. This side-by-side agreement recognizes the tax sovereignty of the United States over the worldwide operations of U.S. companies and the tax sovereignty of other countries over business activity within their borders. However, the precise contours of this side-by-side agreement as well as the details about its implementation by specific jurisdictions are uncertain. These and other changes that could be enacted in the future, including changes to tax laws enacted by governments in jurisdictions in which we operate, could result in further changes to the tax laws which we are subject to and could materially adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. In addition, our effective tax rate and tax liability are based on the application of current income tax laws, regulations and treaties. These laws, regulations and treaties are complex, and the manner which they apply to us, and our funds and our diverse set of business arrangements is often open to interpretation. Significant management judgment is required in determining our provision for income taxes, our deferred tax assets and liabilities and any valuation allowance recorded against our net deferred tax assets. The tax authorities could challenge our interpretation of laws, regulations and treaties, resulting in 47 additional tax liability or adjustment to our income tax provision that could increase our effective tax rate. Changes to tax laws may also adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key personnel. Our business is subject to regulation in the U.S., including by the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the “CFTC”), the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”), the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. (“FINRA”) and other regulatory agencies, pursuant to, among other laws, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “Advisers Act”), the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), the Securities Act, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), the Commodity Exchange Act and the Exchange Act. Any change in such regulation or oversight could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. The time and attention, as well as the financial costs, associated with compliance with these regulations could divert our resources away from managing certain funds’ investment programs, which could adversely affect such funds and their investments. Similarly, the cost of any new compliance obligations attributable to certain funds could increase the financial burden on certain funds to the extent those costs are treated as fund expenses and could reduce distributions. Any legal or regulatory uncertainty with respect to new regulations is likely to result in a diversion of our time and resources as well as expose us to regulatory risk, all of which in turn could negatively impact certain funds and their investments. We regularly rely on exemptions from various requirements of these and other applicable laws. These exemptions are sometimes highly complex and may in certain circumstances depend on compliance by third parties whom we do not control. If, for any reason, these exemptions were to be revoked, challenged or otherwise become unavailable to us, we could be subject to regulatory action or third-party claims, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Our failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations or regulatory processes could result in fines, suspensions of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation of our registration as an investment adviser or the registration of our broker-dealer subsidiary. Even if an investigation does not result in sanctions, or results in a sanction imposed against us or our personnel that is small in monetary amount, the adverse publicity relating to the investigation or the imposition of sanctions against us by regulators could harm our reputation and cause us to lose existing clients or fail to gain new clients. The requirements imposed by our regulators under the Advisers Act are designed primarily to protect our clients and are not designed to protect our stockholders. In the wake of highly publicized financial failures, including the banking failures in 2023, investors exhibited concerns over the integrity of the U.S. financial markets, and the regulatory environment in which we operate remains subject to further regulation in addition to those rules already promulgated. For example, there are a significant number of regulations that affect our business under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”). In recent years the SEC has increased its regulation and scrutiny of the asset management and private equity industries, focusing on fees, allocation of expenses to funds, marketing practices, allocation of fund investment opportunities, disclosures to clients, the allocation of broken-deal expenses, the management of conflicts of interest disclosures, valuation practices and other fiduciary obligations. The SEC has also heightened its focus on valuation practices employed by investment advisers, and the lack of readily ascertainable market prices for many of the investments made by our funds or the funds in which we invest could subject our valuation policies and processes to increased scrutiny. We may be adversely affected as a result of new or revised legislation or regulations imposed by the SEC, other U.S. or foreign governmental regulatory authorities or self-regulatory organizations that supervise the financial markets. We also may be adversely affected by changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing laws and rules by these governmental authorities and self-regulatory organizations. We are subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions of the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”) and the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code in connection with the management of certain of our funds. With respect to these funds, this means that (1) the application of the fiduciary responsibility standards of ERISA to investments made by such funds, including the requirement of investment prudence and diversification, and (2) certain transactions that we enter into, or may have entered into, on behalf of these funds, in the ordinary course of business, are subject to the prohibited transactions rules under Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. A non-exempt prohibited transaction, in addition to imposing potential liability upon fiduciaries of an ERISA plan, may also result in the imposition of an excise tax under the Code upon a “party in interest” (as defined in ERISA), or “disqualified person” (as defined in the Code), with whom we engaged in the transaction. Some of the other funds currently rely on an exception under the ERISA plan asset regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of Labor (the “DOL”) (as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) (the “Plan Asset Regulations”), and therefore are not subject to the fiduciary responsibility requirements of ERISA or the prohibited transaction requirements of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code. However, if these funds fail to satisfy an exception under the Plan Asset Regulations, such failure 48 could materially interfere with our activities in relation to these funds and expose us to risks related to our failure to comply with such provisions of ERISA and the Code. In addition, we are registered as an investment adviser with the SEC and are subject to the requirements and regulations of the Advisers Act. Such requirements include, among other things, restrictions on entering into transactions with clients, maintaining an effective compliance program, restrictions on incentive fees, solicitation arrangements and marketing materials, allocation of investments, recordkeeping, reporting requirements, disclosure requirements, limitations on agency cross and principal transactions between an adviser and their advisory clients, as well as fiduciary duties and general anti-fraud prohibitions. Similarly, we are registered as a broker-dealer with the SEC and are a member of FINRA. As such, we are also subject to the requirements and regulations of the Exchange Act and FINRA rules. We regularly are subject to requests for information, inquiries and routine informal or formal examinations by the SEC, FINRA and other regulatory authorities, with which we cooperate. Such examinations can result in fines that can be substantial, suspensions of personnel, changes in policies, procedures or disclosure or other sanctions, including censure, the issuance of cease-and-desist orders, the suspension or termination of our investment adviser or broker-dealer registrations or the commencement of a civil or criminal lawsuit against us or our personnel. SEC or FINRA actions and initiatives can have an adverse effect on our financial results. In addition, a number of jurisdictions, including the U.S., have restrictions on foreign direct investment pursuant to which their respective heads of state and/or regulatory bodies have the authority to block or impose conditions with respect to certain transactions, such as investments, acquisitions and divestitures, if such transaction threatens to impair national security. In the U.S., the Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S. has the authority to review and potentially block, unwind or impose conditions on certain foreign investments in U.S. companies or real estate, which may reduce the number of potential buyers and limit the ability of our funds to realize value from certain existing and future investments. In August 2023, an Executive Order was issued directing the U.S. Department of the Treasury to establish restrictions and notification requirements with respect to certain outbound investments by U.S. persons in advanced technology sectors involving countries designated as “countries of concern,” and Treasury has since adopted final regulations implementing this Executive Order, which became effective in 2025. These requirements may restrict or delay certain investments, impose additional compliance and reporting obligations, or otherwise limit our investment activities in affected jurisdiction or sectors. State regulatory agencies may also impose restrictions on investments in certain types of assets, which could affect our ability to find attractive and diversified investments and to complete such investments in a timely manner. Other countries continue to establish and/or strengthen their own national security investment clearance regimes, which could have a corresponding effect of limiting our ability to make investments in such countries. Complying with these laws imposes potentially significant costs and complex additional burdens, and any failure by us, our funds or the companies in which they invest to comply with them could expose us to significant penalties, sanctions, loss of future investment opportunities, additional regulatory scrutiny and reputational harm. In the EU, MiFID II requires, among other things, all MiFID investment firms to comply with prescriptive disclosure, transparency, reporting and recordkeeping obligations and obligations in relation to the receipt of investment research, best execution, product governance and marketing communications. As we operate investment firms which are subject to MiFID II, we have implemented policies and procedures to comply with MiFID II where relevant, including where certain rules have an extraterritorial impact on us. Compliance with MiFID II has resulted in greater overall complexity, higher compliance, administration and operational costs, and less overall flexibility. In addition, across the EU and U.K., we are subject to the AIFMD, under which we are subject to regulatory requirements regarding, among other things, registration for marketing activities, the structure of remuneration for certain of our personnel and reporting obligations. Certain requirements of the AIFMD and the interpretation thereof remain uncertain and may be subject to change. Changes to AIFMD in the EU have been adopted and entered into force in April 2024; however, EU member states have up to two years following publication to transpose the rules into national law, meaning that the changes are expected to apply from April 2026. While the Level 1 AIFMD 2 legislation has been published, the supplementary Level 2 delegated acts, setting out the supporting detail, have not yet been published. These changes could increase the compliance burdens on certain of our funds. Individual member states of the EU have imposed additional requirements that may include internal arrangements with respect to risk management, liquidity risks, asset valuations, and the establishment and security of depository and custodial requirements. Because some EEA countries have not yet incorporated the AIFMD into their agreement with the EU, we may undertake marketing activities and provide services in those EEA countries only in compliance with applicable local laws. Outside the EEA, the regulations to which we are subject relate primarily to registration and reporting obligations. 49 Changes to the UK’s version of the AIFMD regime are anticipated, with the UK’s Financial Conduct Authority having indicated that it expected to consult on proposed amendments to AIFMD in the UK during 2025. This is as a result of the so-called Edinburgh Reforms, pursuant to which AIFMD in its current format in the UK is expected to be repealed at a future, to be determined date, and replaced with an updated UK regime. It is not yet clear as to the potential direction of travel of any amendments to the UK AIFMD regime other than the FCA has previously expressed a preference to make it “more proportionate”. The FCA consulted on these changes during 2025 and 2026, with any changes taking effect at a future, but as yet unknown, date. Despite not yet having visibility on the substance or scale of any amendment to the UK AIFMD regime, it is likely that it will result in material divergence between the UK and EU regimes, which may increase the compliance burden on, and associated costs to, our funds. Brexit and the potential resulting divergence between the U.K. and EU regulatory frameworks may result in additional complexity and costs in complying with AIFMD across both the U.K. and EU. The EU Securitization Regulation (the “Securitization Regulation”), which became effective on January 1, 2019, imposes due diligence and risk retention requirements on “institutional investors,” which includes managers of alternative investment funds assets, and constrains the ability of alternative investment funds to invest in securitization positions that do not comply with the prescribed risk retention requirements. The Securitization Regulation may impact or limit our funds’ ability to make certain investments that constitute “securitizations” and may impose additional reporting obligations on securitizations, which may increase the costs of managing such vehicles. An EU Regulation on the prudential requirements of investment firms (Regulation (EU) 2019/2033) and its accompanying Directive (Directive (EU) 2019/2034) (together, “IFR/IFD”) impose a prudential regime for most MiFID investment firms, including general capital requirements, liquidity requirements, remuneration requirements, requirements to conduct internal capital adequacy assessments and additional requirements on disclosures and public reporting, which could hinder our ability to deploy capital as freely as we would wish and to recruit and incentivize staff. Different and extended internal governance, disclosure, reporting, liquidity, and group “prudential” consolidation requirements, among other requirements under IFR/IFD, could also have a material impact on our European operations. Further, the U.K. has established its own prudential regime for investment firms that are subject to MiFID II (as implemented in the U.K.), which is intended to achieve similar outcomes to the IFR/IFD. In addition, certain regulatory requirements and proposals in the EU and U.K. intended to enhance protection for retail investors and impose additional obligations on the distribution of certain products to retain investors may impose additional costs on our operations and limit our ability to access capital from retail investors in such jurisdictions. It is expected that additional laws and regulations will come into force in the EEA, the EU, the U.K. and other countries in which we operate over the coming years. These laws and regulations may affect our costs and manner of conducting business in one or more markets, the risks of doing business, the assets that we manage or advise, and our ability to raise capital from investors. Any failure by us to comply with either existing or new laws or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the current U.S. presidential administration has enacted and is expected to continue seeking to enact changes to numerous areas of law and regulations currently in effect. Any such changes could significantly impact our business. Specific legislative and regulatory proposals discussed during election campaigns and recent public statements that might materially impact our business include, without limitation, changes to climate policies, trade agreements, immigration policy, import and export regulations, tariffs and customs duties, energy regulations, income tax regulations and the federal tax code, public company reporting requirements, and antitrust enforcement. Changes in U.S. federal policy, including tax policies, are subject to further uncertainty, as changes at regulatory agencies occur over time through policy and personnel changes following elections, which may lead to changes involving the level of oversight and focus on the financial services industry or the tax rates paid by corporate entities. The nature, timing and economic effects of potential changes to the current legal and regulatory framework affecting financial institutions under the current administration remain highly uncertain. Future changes may adversely affect our operating environment and therefore our business, financial condition and results of operations. There can be no assurance that any changes in laws, regulations or governmental policy will not have an adverse impact on our business, including our ability to execute on investment objectives and to receive returns. In addition, any changes in U.S. social, political, regulatory and economic conditions or in laws and policies governing the financial services industry, foreign trade,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and have adversely affected consumer spending, economic growth and our funds’ portfolio companies’ operations. If these inflationary pressures persist, and such portfolio companies are unable to pass any increases in the costs of their operations along to their customers, it could adversely affect their operating results. Such conditions would increase the risk of default on their obligations as a borrower. In addition, any projected future decreases in the operating results of our funds’ portfolio companies due to inflation could adversely impact the fair value of those investments. Any decreases in the fair value of our funds’ investments could result in future realized or unrealized losses. Increased interest rates have had and could continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and that of our funds’ portfolio companies. Increased interest rates have had and could continue to have a dampening effect on overall economic activity, the financial condition of our investors and the financial condition of the end customers who ultimately create demand for the capital we supply, all of which could negatively affect demand for our funds’ capital. While the Federal Reserve began lowering rates in 2024 in response to evolving economic conditions, interest rates remain elevated relative to recent historical levels, and the future path, timing and magnitude of any additional changes remain uncertain. Such uncertainty surrounding interest rates can make it difficult for us to obtain financing at attractive rates, and impact our ability to execute on our growth strategies or future acquisitions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the investments we make on behalf of our funds perform poorly, we may suffer a decline in our revenues and earnings, and our ability to raise capital for future funds may be materially adversely affected. Our revenues are derived from fees earned for our management of our funds, incentive fees, or carried interest, with respect to certain of our funds, and monitoring and reporting fees. In the event that our funds perform poorly, our revenues and earnings derived from incentive fees and carried interest will decline, and it will be more difficult for us to raise capital for new funds or gain new clients or retain current clients in the future. In addition, the risk of clawback can occur as a result of diminished investment performance. If we are unable to repay the amount of the clawback, we would be subject to liability for a breach of our contractual obligations. If we are unable to raise or are required to repay capital, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 56 The historical performance of our funds should not be considered indicative of the future performance of these funds or of any future funds we may raise, in part because: • market conditions and investment opportunities during previous periods may have been significantly more favorable for generating positive performance than those we may experience in the future; • the performance of our funds that distribute carried interest is generally calculated on the basis of the net asset value of the funds’ investments, including unrealized gains, which may never be realized and therefore never generate carried interest; • our historical returns derive largely from the performance of our earlier funds, whereas future fund returns will depend increasingly on the performance of our newer funds or funds not yet formed; • our newly established closed-ended funds may generate lower returns during the period that they initially deploy their capital; • in recent years, there has been increased competition for investment opportunities resulting from the increased amount of capital invested in private markets alternatives and high liquidity in debt markets, and the increased competition for investments may reduce our returns in the future; • the performance of particular funds also will be affected by risks of the industries and businesses in which they invest; and • we may create new funds that reflect a different asset mix and new investment strategies, as well as a varied geographic and industry exposure, compared to our historical funds, and any such new funds could have different returns than our previous funds. The success of our business depends on the identification and availability of suitable investment opportunities for our clients. Our success largely depends on the identification and availability of suitable investment opportunities for our clients, and in particular the success of underlying funds in which our funds invest. The availability of investment opportunities will be subject to market conditions and other factors outside of our control and the control of the investment managers with which we invest for our funds. Past returns of our funds have benefited from investment opportunities and general market conditions that may not continue or reoccur, including favorable borrowing conditions in the debt markets during such historical periods, and there can be no assurance that our funds or the underlying funds in which we invest for our funds will be able to avail themselves of comparable opportunities and conditions, particularly in light of current interest rate levels and other market conditions. There can also be no assurance that the underlying funds we select will be able to identify sufficient attractive investment opportunities to meet their investment objectives. Competition for access to investment funds and other investments we make for our clients is intense. We seek to maintain excellent relationships with investment managers of investment funds, including those in which we have previously made investments for our clients and those in which we may in the future invest, as well as sponsors of investments that might provide co-investment opportunities in portfolio companies alongside the sponsoring fund manager. However, because of the number of investors seeking to gain access to investment funds and co-investment opportunities managed or sponsored by the top performing fund managers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to secure the opportunity to invest on behalf of our clients in all or a substantial portion of the investments we select, or that the investment opportunities available to us will be the size we desire. Access to secondary investment opportunities is also highly competitive and is often controlled by a limited number of general partners, fund managers and intermediaries. The due diligence process that we undertake in connection with investments may not detect all facts that may be relevant in connection with an investment. Before investing the assets of our funds, we conduct due diligence that we deem reasonable and appropriate based on the facts and circumstances applicable to each investment. When conducting due diligence, we may be required to evaluate important and complex business, financial, tax, accounting, technological, environmental, social, governance and legal and regulatory issues. Outside consultants, legal advisors and accountants may be involved in the due diligence process in varying degrees depending on the type of investment and the parties involved. Nevertheless, when conducting due diligence and making an assessment regarding an investment, we rely on the information available to us, including information provided by the target of the investment and, in some circumstances, third-party investigations, and such an investigation will not necessarily result in 57 the investment ultimately being successful. Moreover, the due diligence investigation that we will carry out with respect to any investment opportunity may not detect or highlight all relevant facts or risks that are necessary or helpful in evaluating such investment opportunity. For example, instances of bribery, fraud, accounting irregularities and other improper, illegal or corrupt practices can be difficult to detect and may be more widespread in certain jurisdictions. In addition, a substantial portion of our funds invest in underlying funds, and therefore we are dependent on the due diligence investigation of the underlying investment manager of such funds. We have little or no control over their due diligence process, and any shortcomings in their due diligence could be reflected in the performance of the investment we make with them on behalf of our clients. Poor investment performance could lead clients to terminate their agreements with us and/or result in negative reputational effects, either of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Dependence on leverage by certain funds, underlying investment funds and portfolio companies subjects us to volatility and contractions in the debt financing markets and could adversely affect the ability of our funds to achieve attractive rates of return on their investments. Many of the funds we manage, the funds in which we invest and portfolio companies within our funds and customized separate accounts currently rely on credit facilities either to facilitate efficient investing or for speculative purposes. While interest rates have historically been low, various economic factors have recently resulted in a significant increase in interest rates and the rate of inflation, and may also reduce credit availability, all of which may adversely affect the ability of our funds to achieve attractive rates of return and adversely affect the value of our carried interest. Our funds and the companies in which our funds invest raise capital in the structured credit, leveraged loan and high yield bond markets. If elevated interest rates persist or further increase or credit markets experience continued or increasing dislocations, contractions or volatility, our funds’ results of operations, and in turn ours, will suffer. Any such events could adversely impact our funds’ ability to invest efficiently, and may impact the returns of our funds’ investments. The absence of available sources of sufficient debt financing for extended periods of time or an increase in either the general levels of interest rates or in the risk spread demanded by sources of indebtedness would make it more expensive to finance those investments, and, in the case of interest rates, decrease the value of fixed-rate debt investments made by our funds. Certain investments may also be financed through fund-level credit facilities, which may or may not be available for refinancing at the end of their respective terms. Further, the cost of borrowing may not be covered by the appreciation of the assets in the investment, which could be exacerbated in difficult market conditions and adversely impact our revenues. Finally, limitations on the deductibility of interest expense on indebtedness used to finance our funds’ investments reduce the after-tax rates of return on the affected investments and make it more costly to use debt financing. Any of these factors may have an adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Similarly, private markets funds’ portfolio companies regularly utilize the corporate debt markets to obtain additional financing for their operations. The leveraged capital structure of such businesses increases the exposure of the funds’ portfolio companies to adverse economic factors such as fluctuating interest rates, financial institution risks, downturns in the economy or deterioration in the condition of such business or its industry. If the portfolio companies in our funds default on their indebtedness, or otherwise seek or are forced to restructure their obligations or declare bankruptcy, we could lose some or all of our investment and suffer reputational harm. Any adverse impact caused by the use of leverage by portfolio companies in which we directly or indirectly invest could in turn adversely affect the returns of our funds. Inability by certain vehicles we organize to obtain and maintain specified credit ratings and changes by regulators to the risk-based capital treatment of investments in the securities issued by these vehicles may impact our ability to establish and maintain such vehicles in a manner that remains attractive to certain regulated parties. Certain vehicles we organize to invest in our funds issue notes that are rated by one or more nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (“NRSROs”) and that are offered to, among others, insurance companies that may be subject to standards set by the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (“NAIC”) or state insurance regulatory authorities. There are only a few NRSROs, and not all NRSROs provide ratings for notes like those issued by the vehicles we organize. Should some or all of the NRSOs cease to offer ratings for such securities, or otherwise begin to rate such securities in a manner that is unattractive to regulated parties, then our ability to establish and maintain vehicles that issue rated notes may be reduced, perhaps materially. Relatedly, the NAIC has been evaluating ratings by NRSROs of securities of the type issued by our vehicles on the basis that the ratings may not adequately represent the risks of investments in these securities by insurance companies. Any changes by the NAIC or state insurance regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over investors in our vehicles that issue rated notes may result in higher risk-based capital charges or other adverse treatment of such investments for these regulated investors. To the extent that risk-based capital charges for securities issued by our vehicles are a relevant and material 58 investment criterion for certain regulated investors, like insurance companies, then any increased risk-based capital charge could render investments in these securities unattractive to these investors. Defaults by clients and third-party investors in certain of our funds could adversely affect that fund’s operations and performance. Our business is exposed to the risk that clients that owe us money for our services may not pay us, and investors may default on their obligations to fund their commitments. These risks could increase as a result of economic contractions, decreases in equity values and increases in interest rates or in the event of a continued economic slowdown. Also, if investors in our funds default on their obligations to fund commitments, there may be adverse consequences on the investment process, and we could incur losses and be unable to meet underlying capital calls. For example, investors in our closed-ended funds make capital commitments to those funds and we are entitled to call capital from those investors at any time during prescribed periods. We depend on investors fulfilling and honoring their commitments when we call capital from them for those funds to consummate investments and otherwise pay their obligations when due. In addition, certain of our funds utilize lines of credit to fund investments. Because interest expense and other costs of borrowings under lines of credit are an expense of the fund, the fund’s net multiple of invested capital may be reduced, as well as the amount of carried interest generated by the fund. Any material reduction in the amount of carried interest generated by a fund will adversely affect our revenues. Any investor that did not fund a capital call would be subject to several possible penalties, including having a meaningful amount of its existing investment forfeited in that fund. However, the impact of the penalty is directly correlated to the amount of capital previously invested by the investor in the fund. For instance, if an investor has invested little or no capital early in the life of the fund, then the forfeiture penalty may not be as meaningful. A failure of clients or investors to honor capital calls to a significant degree could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our failure to comply with investment guidelines set by our clients could result in damage awards against us or a reduction in AUM, either of which would adversely affect our business. Each of our funds is operated pursuant to specific investment guidelines, which, with respect to our customized separate accounts, are often established collaboratively between us and the investor in such fund. Our failure to comply with these guidelines and other limitations could result in clients terminating their relationships with us or deciding not to commit further capital to us in respect of new or different funds. In some cases, these investors could also sue us for breach of contract and seek to recover damages from us. In addition, such guidelines may restrict our ability to pursue certain allocations and strategies on behalf of our clients that we believe are economically desirable, which could similarly result in losses to a fund or termination of the fund and a corresponding reduction in AUM. Even if we comply with all applicable investment guidelines, our clients may nonetheless be dissatisfied with our investment performance or our services or fees, and may terminate their investment with us or be unwilling to commit new capital to our funds. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Valuation methodologies for certain assets in our funds can be highly subjective, and the values of assets established pursuant to such methodologies may never be realized, which could result in significant losses for our funds. For our closed-ended funds, there are no readily ascertainable market prices for a large number of the investments in these funds or the underlying funds in which these funds invest. The value of the fund investments of our funds is determined periodically by us based in general on the fair value of such investments as reported by the underlying fund managers. Our valuation of the funds in which we invest is largely dependent upon the processes employed by the managers of those funds. The fair value of investments is determined using a number of methodologies described in the particular funds’ valuation policies. These policies are based on a number of factors, including the nature of the investment, the expected cash flows from the investment, the length of time the investment has been held, restrictions on transfer and other generally accepted valuation methodologies. The value of the equity and credit investments of our funds is determined periodically by us based on reporting provided by the relevant equity sponsor and/or using independent third-party valuation firms to aid us in determining the fair value of these investments using generally accepted valuation methodologies. These may include references to market multiples, valuations for comparable companies, public or private market transactions, subsequent developments concerning the companies to which the securities relate, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and projections of such companies made accessible to us and such other factors that we may deem relevant. The methodologies we use in valuing individual investments are based on a variety of estimates and assumptions specific to the particular investments, and actual results related to the investment may vary materially as a result of the inaccuracy of such assumptions or estimates. In addition, because the illiquid investments held by our funds, and the underlying funds in which we invest may be in industries or sectors 59 that are unstable, in distress, or undergoing some uncertainty, such investments are subject to rapid changes in value caused by sudden company-specific or industry-wide developments. Because there is significant uncertainty in the valuation of, or in the stability of the value of, illiquid investments, the fair values of such investments as reflected in a fund’s net asset value do not necessarily reflect the prices that would actually be obtained if such investments were sold. Realizations at values significantly lower than the values at which investments have been reflected in fund net asset values could result in losses for the applicable fund and the loss of potential incentive fees for the fund’s manager and us. Also, a situation in which asset values turn out to be materially different from values reflected in fund net asset values, whether due to error or otherwise, could cause investors to lose confidence in us and may, in turn, result in difficulties in our ability to raise additional capital, retain clients or attract new clients. Further, it is possible that a material fact related to the target of the valuation might be inadvertently omitted from our analysis, resulting in an inaccurate valuation. The SEC has highlighted valuation practices as one of its areas of focus in investment adviser examinations and has continued to institute enforcement actions against investment advisers for misleading investors about valuation and failing to adopt and implement reasonably designed written policies and procedures concerning the valuation of investments. If the SEC were to investigate and find errors in our policies or procedures, we and/or members of our management could be subject to penalties and fines, which could harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our investment management activities may involve investments in relatively high-risk, illiquid assets, and we and our clients may lose some or all of the amounts invested in these activities or fail to realize any profits from these activities for a considerable period of time. The investments made by certain of our funds may include high-risk, illiquid assets. The private markets funds in which we invest capital generally invest in securities that are not publicly traded. Even if such securities are publicly traded, many of these funds may be prohibited by contract or applicable securities laws from selling such securities for a period of time. Such funds will generally not be able to sell these securities publicly unless their sale is registered under applicable securities laws, or unless an exemption from such registration requirements is available. Accordingly, the private markets funds in which we invest our clients’ capital may not be able to sell securities when they desire and therefore may not be able to realize the full value of such securities. This risk is magnified during times of volatile market conditions and economic and geopolitical uncertainty. The ability of private markets funds to dispose of investments is dependent in part on the public equity and debt markets, to the extent that the ability to dispose of an investment may depend upon the ability to complete an initial public offering of the portfolio company in which such investment is held or the ability of a prospective buyer of the portfolio company to raise debt financing to fund its purchase. Furthermore, large holdings of publicly traded equity securities can often be disposed of only over a substantial period of time, exposing the investment returns to risks of downward movement in market prices during the disposition period. Contributing capital to these funds is risky, and we may lose some or the entire amount of our funds’ and our clients’ investments. The portfolio companies in which private markets funds have invested or may invest will sometimes involve a high degree of business and financial risk. These companies may be in an early stage of development, may not have a proven operating history, may be operating at a loss or have significant variations in results of operations, may be engaged in a rapidly changing business with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, may be subject to extensive regulatory oversight, may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, to finance expansion or to maintain their competitive position, may have a high level of leverage, or may otherwise have a weak financial condition. In addition, these portfolio companies may face intense competition, including competition from companies with greater financial resources, more extensive development, manufacturing, marketing, and other capabilities, and a larger number of qualified managerial and technical personnel. Portfolio companies in non-U.S. jurisdictions have and may in the future be further subject to additional risks, including tariffs and trade barriers, changes in currency exchange rates, exchange control regulations, risks associated with different types (and lower quality) of available information, expropriation or confiscatory taxation and adverse political developments. In addition, during periods of difficult market conditions or slowdowns in a particular investment category, industry or region, portfolio companies may experience decreased revenues, financial losses, difficulty in obtaining access to financing and increased costs. During these periods, these companies may also have difficulty in expanding their businesses and operations and may be unable to pay their expenses as they become due. A general market downturn or a specific market dislocation will generally result in lower investment returns for the private markets funds or portfolio companies in which our funds invest, which consequently could materially and adversely affect investment returns for our funds. Furthermore, if the portfolio companies default on their indebtedness, or otherwise seek or are forced to restructure their obligations or declare bankruptcy, we could lose some or all of our investment and suffer reputational harm. 60 Our funds make investments in companies that are based outside of the U.S., which may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in companies that are based in the U.S. A significant amount of the investments of our funds include private markets funds that are located outside the U.S. or that invest in portfolio companies located outside the U.S. Such non-U.S. investments involve certain factors not typically associated with U.S. investments, including risks related to: • currency exchange matters, such as exchange rate fluctuations between the U.S. dollar and the foreign currency in which the investments are denominated, and costs associated with conversion of investment proceeds and income from one currency to another; • differences between the U.S. and foreign capital markets, including the absence of uniform accounting, auditing, financial reporting and legal standards, practices and disclosure requirements and less government supervision and regulation; • certain economic, social and political risks, including exchange control regulations and restrictions on foreign investments and repatriation of capital, tariffs and trade barriers, the risks of political, economic or social instability; and • the possible imposition of foreign taxes with respect to such investments or confiscatory taxation. These risks could adversely affect the performance of our funds that are invested in securities of non-U.S. companies, which would adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our funds may face risks relating to undiversified investments. We cannot give assurance as to the degree of diversification that will be achieved in any of our funds. Difficult market conditions or slowdowns affecting a particular asset class, geographic region or other category of investment could have a significant adverse impact on a given fund if its investments are concentrated in that area, which could result in lower investment returns. Accordingly, a lack of diversification on the part of a fund could adversely affect its investment performance and affect our ability to raise new funds. All of these factors could, as a result, affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our funds make investments in underlying funds and companies that we do not control. Investments by most of our funds will include debt instruments and equity securities of companies that we do not control. Our funds may invest through co-investment arrangements or acquire minority equity interests and may also dispose of a portion of their equity investments in portfolio companies over time in a manner that results in their retaining a minority investment. Consequently, the performance of our funds will depend significantly on the investment and other decisions made by third parties, which could have a material adverse effect on the returns achieved by our funds. Portfolio companies in which the investment is made may make business, financial or management decisions with which we do not agree. In addition, the majority stakeholders or their management may take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve our interests. If any of the foregoing were to occur, the values of our investments and the investments we have made on behalf of clients could decrease and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flow could suffer as a result. Investments by our funds may in many cases rank junior to investments made by other investors. In many cases, the companies in which our funds invest have indebtedness or equity securities, or may be permitted to incur indebtedness or to issue equity securities, that rank senior to our clients’ investments in our funds. By their terms, these instruments may provide that their holders are entitled to receive payments of dividends, interest or principal on or before the dates on which payments are to be made in respect of our clients’ investments. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of a company in which one or more of our funds hold an investment, holders of securities ranking senior to our clients’ investments would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before distributions could be made in respect of our clients’ investments. After repaying senior security holders, companies may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying amounts owed in respect of our clients’ investments. To the extent that any assets remain, holders of claims that rank equally with our clients’ investments would be entitled to share on an equal and ratable basis in distributions that are made out of those assets. Also, during periods of financial distress or following an insolvency, our ability to influence a company’s affairs and to take actions to protect investments by our funds may be substantially less than that of those holding senior interests. 61 Our risk management strategies and procedures may leave us exposed to unidentified or unanticipated risks. Risk management applies to our operations as well as to the investments we make for our funds. We have developed and continue to update strategies and procedures specific to our business for identifying, assessing, managing and mitigating risks, which include market risk, liquidity risk, operational risk and reputational risk. Management of these risks can be very complex. These strategies and procedures may fail under some circumstances, particularly if we are confronted with risks that we have underestimated or not identified, including those related to difficult market or geopolitical conditions. In addition, some of our methods for managing the risks related to our clients’ investments are based upon our analysis of historical private markets behavior. Statistical techniques are applied to these observations in order to arrive at quantifications of some of our risk exposures. Historical analysis of private markets returns requires reliance on valuations performed by fund managers, which may not be reliable measures of current valuations. These statistical methods may not accurately quantify our risk exposure if circumstances arise that were not observed in our historical data. In particular, as we enter new lines of business or offer new products, our historical data may be incomplete. Failure of our risk management techniques could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, including our right to receive incentive fees. We are subject to increasing and diverging scrutiny from clients, investors, regulators elected officials, stockholders and other stakeholders or third parties with respect to Sustainable and Impact investing matters, which may constrain investment opportunities, adversely impact our ability to raise capital, and result in increased costs or otherwise adversely affect us. In recent years, our business has been subject to increasing and diverging scrutiny from clients, investors, regulators, elected officials, stockholders and other stakeholders with respect to Sustainable and Impact investing matters. Clients and investors, including U.S. public pension funds and certain non-U.S. investors, have placed increasing importance on impacts of investments made by the funds to which they invest or commit capital, including with respect to Sustainable and Impact investing matters. Certain investors have also demonstrated increased concern with respect to existing investments, including by urging asset managers to take certain actions that could adversely affect the value of an investment, or refrain from taking certain actions that could improve the value of an investment. We are increasingly being subject to competing demands or scrutiny from different clients, investors and other stakeholders or third parties with divergent views on Sustainable and Impact investing matters, including certain considerations in the investment process. This divergence increases the risk that any action or lack thereof with respect to Sustainable and Impact investing matters will be perceived negatively by at least some stakeholders and adversely impact our reputation and business. Our clients may decide to redeem or withdraw previously committed capital from our funds (where such withdrawal is permitted) or to not invest or commit capital to future funds based on their assessment of how we approach and consider the cost of these investments and whether the return-driven objectives of our funds align with their investment priorities or investment requirements. As part of their increased focus on the allocation of their capital to environmentally sustainable economic activities, certain clients and investors have also begun to request or require data and/or use third-party benchmarks and ratings to allow them to monitor the impact of their investments for which we may be required to engage third party advisors and/or service providers to fulfill the requests and requirements, thereby exacerbating any increase in compliance burden and costs. To the extent our access to capital from investors, including public pension funds, is impaired due to these aforementioned risks, we may not be able to maintain or increase the size of our funds or raise sufficient capital for new funds, which may adversely impact our revenues and/or negatively impact our reputation and erode stakeholder trust. The transition to sustainable finance accelerates existing risks and raises new risks for our business that may impact our profitability and success. In particular, Sustainable and Impact investing matters have been the subject of increased focus, scrutiny and litigation by certain federal, state and other regulators and governmental officials, including in the U.S. and the EU, particularly with respect to the accuracy of statements made regarding practices, initiatives and investment strategies, as well as regarding adherence to the policies and procedures underlying these strategies. The SEC, other regulators, and private parties have initiated investigations or claims alleging inaccurate or misleading statements in this area, often referred to as “greenwashing.” There have been enforcement actions relating to sustainable investing disclosures and policies and procedures failures, and we expect that there will be continued enforcement activity in this area in the future, and we could be subject to significant fines and penalties, including risk of litigation and investigation. The SEC has focused on the labeling by funds of their activities or investments as “sustainable” and examined the methodology used for determining such investments, with a focus on whether such labeling is misleading. In 2024, the SEC adopted climate-related disclosure rules applicable to public companies; however, these rules are currently subject to litigation and in March 2025 the SEC voted to end its defense of the rules, thus while these rules remain in effect, they are not currently being enforced. Further, we may be subject to California Senate Bill 253 (The Climate Corporate Data Accountability Act) requiring U.S. public and private businesses with annual revenues greater than USD $1 billion doing business in California to publicly report their greenhouse gas emissions beginning, and/or Senate Bill 261 (The Climate-Related Financial Risk Act) requiring 62 U.S. businesses with annual revenues over USD $500 million to biennially disclose climate-related financial risks and their mitigation strategies, both of which have been enacted but remain subject to ongoing legal and regulatory developments that may affect their scope, timing or enforcement. On November 18th 2025, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted a motion for injunction on SB 261. The injunction prohibits California Air Resources Board's from enforcing SB 261 pending the resolution of the appeal, though this injunction does not impact SB 253, which is still in effect. Collecting, measuring and reporting the information and metrics required under the various existing regulations has imposed administrative burden and increased cost on us, and such burden and cost, including the implementation of additional internal controls, processes and procedures and increased oversight obligations on our management and board of directors, are likely to increase as new regulations are enacted, particularly if the requirements imposed on us by various regulations lack harmonization on a global basis. We cannot guarantee that our current approach will meet future regulatory requirements, reporting frameworks or best practices. In addition, in September 2023, the SEC adopted amendments to Rule 35d-1 (the Names Rule) that expands the Names Rule to require that any fund whose name includes terms suggesting that the fund focuses on investments or issuers that have, particular characteristics, have an 80% investment policy. On March 14, 2025, the SEC announced a six-month extension to June 11, 2026 for larger fund groups and December 11, 2026 for smaller fund groups. In October 2020, the DOL finalized a rule intended to clarify the fiduciary requirements for investment managers of “plan assets” considering non-pecuniary factors (including sustainability) when investing. In November 2022, the DOL released a final rule related to fiduciary requirements for ERISA plan fiduciaries when considering sustainability factors in selecting investments, clarifying that fiduciaries may consider climate change and other factors when they make investment decisions. Main portions of this rule took effect on February 1, 2023. This rule has been subject to litigation, and enforcement has been enjoined pursuant to court orders issued in 2024, which are currently on appeal. On May 28, 2025, the DOL submitted a status report to the court stating it would cease defending the 2022 rule and initiate a new rulemaking. We cannot predict any future challenges, and, as a result, uncertainty remains regarding the treatment of sustainability considerations by ERISA fiduciaries. We may face risks related to sustainability reporting obligations under the evolving regulatory landscape in the European Union. For example, the European legislators adopted Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability‐related disclosures in the financial services sector (the “SFDR”) which took effect from March 2021, and Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”) which started applying in January 2022. The full impact of the SFDR and the EU Taxonomy remains unclear as a series of initiatives are ongoing at the EU level on their implementation, including the EU Omnibus Directives which aim to simplify the EU Taxonomy. The SFDR framework is currently subject to review and on 20 November 2025 the European Commission published its proposals for amendments to SFDR which are expected to result in significant changes to the existing regime. In addition, in May 2024, the European Securities and Markets Authority published final guidelines on funds’ names using ESG or sustainability-related terms, establishing quantitative thresholds and minimum safeguards, and it is not currently clear how these guidelines will be impacted by the reforms to SFDR. Directive (EU) 2022/2464 (Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive) regarding corporate sustainability reporting (“CSRD”), which took effect in January 2023 and is being phased in over time, imposes stringent requirements on in scope companies to disclose detailed information regarding their ESG practices. The EU also adopted the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (“CSDDD”) in 2024, which will require in scope entities to adopt certain due diligence and risk management measures with respect to environmental and human rights impacts. The transposition of CSRD and CSDDD by EU member states will also impact the scope of these requirements. Additionally, the EU's Omnibus Simplification Package introduces further complexity and uncertainty in the European Union. These requirements may not be interpreted or applied uniformly, which may increase the cost and complexity of compliance, as well as any related risks. The UK has introduced a legislative framework focused on implementing the recommendations of the Financial Stability Board Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (the “TCFD”), in particular by introducing mandatory TCFD-aligned disclosure requirements for certain firms based in the UK. Following consultations published by the UK Government on 25 June 2025 on developing a disclosure and assurance framework for sustainability-related financial disclosures, including the draft UK Sustainability Reporting Standards (“UK SRS”) based on the International Sustainability Standards Board (“ISSB”) IFRS S1 (General Requirements for Disclosure of Sustainability-related Financial Information) and IFRS S2 (Climate-related Disclosures) standards, the UK Financial Conduct Authority (“FCA”) published a consultation on 30 January 2026 on how to adjust its current TCFD-aligned reporting requirements for listed companies to reference the UK SRS. The UK government will separately consult on economically significant companies disclosing information using the UK SRS. On 28 November 2023, the FCA published Policy Statement 23/16 on sustainability disclosure requirements (the “SDR”) and investment labels regime. The FCA introduced a package of measures under the SDR regime to help consumers navigate the market for sustainable investment products, including: (i) an anti-greenwashing rule for all FCA-authorised firms to reinforce that sustainability-related claims must be fair, clear and not misleading; (ii) naming and marketing rules for investment products to ensure the use of sustainability-related terms are accurate; (iii) four labels to help consumers navigate the sustainable investment product 63 landscape; and (iv) enhanced disclosure requirements to provide consumers and investors with better and more accessible information to help them understand the key sustainability features of a product. The SDR regime currently applies to U.K. funds, and overseas funds are not in scope. U.K. HM Treasury will determine the approach to overseas funds, including whether and how the SDR regime should be extended to overseas funds. The FCA is also considering how to streamline and enhance its sustainability reporting framework to: (i) simplify disclosure requirements and ease unnecessary burdens on firms; (ii) maintain good outcomes for clients and consumers and improve the decision usefulness of reporting, building on the work of SDR to improve trust and reduce greenwashing; and (iii) promote international alignment and help maintain the UK’s position as a global leader in sustainable finance. Accordingly, there remains substantial uncertainty as to the potential impact of this regime. Divergent sustainable investing disclosure obligations across the U.S., U.K. and the EU may increase compliance complexity and risk. The complexity and fragmentation of the global regulatory framework with respect to Sustainable and Impact investing matters increases the risk that any act or omission will be perceived negatively by regulators or other stakeholders. Conflicting policies across jurisdictions, including between U.S. federal and state approaches, many further complicate compliance. Failure to keep pace with these developments or to comply with applicable requirements could result in regulatory scrutiny, fines, sanctions, reputational harm and a material adverse effect on our business. We may consider Sustainable Investing and Impact factors in connection with investments for certain of our funds, and certain of our funds are constructed with specific Sustainable Investing or Impact components. Sustainable and Impact investing factors are not universally agreed upon or accepted by investors, and may change over time, and our consideration of these factors or construction of specific Sustainable Investing or Impact funds could attract opposition from certain segments of our existing and potential investor base. Any actual opposition to our consideration of Sustainable Investing or Impact factors could impact our ability to maintain or raise capital for our funds, which may adversely impact our revenues. If regulators disagree with the standards or methodologies we use, or require disclosure or measurement approaches different from our current practices, our business and reputation could be adversely affected. Climate change, climate change-related regulation and sustainability concerns could adversely affect our business and the operations of portfolio companies in which our funds invest, and any actions we take or fail to take in response to such matters could damage our reputation. We, our funds and our funds’ portfolio companies face risks associated with climate change including risks related to the impact of climate- and sustainability-related legislation and regulation (both domestically and internationally), risks related to technology and climate change-related business trends (such as the process for transitioning to a lower-carbon economy) and risks stemming from the physical impacts of climate change. New climate change-related rules and regulations or interpretations of existing laws may result in enhanced disclosure obligations, which could negatively affect us, our funds and portfolio companies in which they invest and materially increase the regulatory burden and cost of compliance. For example, developing and acting on sustainability initiatives, and collecting, measuring and reporting sustainable investing-related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming and is subject to evolving and different reporting standards, the EU’s CSRD, which is being phased in over time, the U.K.’s development of Sustainability Reporting Standards aligned with the ISSB, and similar requirements or initiatives adopted or under consideration by other non-U.S. regulatory bodies. In addition, climate-related disclosure rules adopted in the U.S. are subject to ongoing litigation and uncertainty regarding their scope, timing and implementation. We may also communicate certain climate-related initiatives, commitments and goals in our SEC filings or other disclosures or statements, which subjects us to additional risks, including the risk that we are perceived as, or accused of, “greenwashing.” Such perception or accusation could damage our reputation, result in litigation or regulatory actions, and adversely impact our ability to raise capital and attract new investors. Certain portfolio companies in which our funds invest operate in sectors that could face transition risk if carbon-related regulations or taxes are implemented. For certain of these portfolio companies, business trends related to climate change may require capital expenditures, product or service redesigns, and changes to operations and supply chains to meet changing customer expectations. While this can create opportunities, not addressing these changed expectations, or not addressing them in a timely manner, could create business risks for portfolio companies, which could negatively impact the returns in our funds and accounts. Further, advances in climate science may change society’s understanding of sources and magnitudes of negative effects on climate, which could also negatively impact portfolio company financial performance. Further, significant chronic or acute physical effects of climate change, including extreme and more frequent weather events such as hurricanes or floods, can 64 also have an adverse impact on certain portfolio companies and investments, especially those that rely on physical factories, plants or stores located in the affected areas, or that focus on tourism or recreational travel. As the effects of climate change increase, the frequency and impact of weather and climate-related events and conditions could increase as well. In addition, our reputation may be harmed if certain stakeholders, such as our clients, stockholders or other third parties, believe that we are not adequately or appropriately responding to climate change or excessively factoring in climate change, including through the way in which we operate our business, the composition of our funds’ and accounts’ existing portfolios, the new investments made by them, or the decisions we make to continue to conduct or change our activities in response to climate change considerations. The short-term and long-term impact of the Basel III capital standards on our clients is uncertain. In June 2011, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, an international body comprised of senior representatives of bank supervisory authorities and central banks from 27 countries, including the U.S., announced the final framework for a comprehensive set of capital and liquidity standards, commonly referred to as “Basel III,” for internationally active banking organizations and certain other types of financial institutions, which has since been supplemented by additional reforms finalized by the Basel Committee in 2017 and thereafter. These standards generally require banks to hold more capital, predominantly in the form of common equity, than under the previous capital framework, reduce leverage and improve liquidity standards. U.S. federal banking regulators have adopted regulations implementing substantial portions of Basel III and have proposed or continue to consider additional implementing regulations, including with respect to capital requirements for large banking organizations. Some of our clients are subject to the Basel III standards. The implementation and potential future changes of rules related to Basel III and related standards could restrict the ability of these clients to maintain or increase their investments in our funds to the extent that such investments adversely impact their risk-weighted asset ratios. Our loss of these clients, or inability to raise additional investment amounts from these clients, may adversely impact our revenues. Hedge fund investments are subject to numerous additional risks. Investments by our funds in other hedge funds, as well as investments by our credit-focused, opportunistic and other hedge funds and similar products, are subject to numerous additional risks, including the following: • Certain of the underlying funds in which we invest are newly established funds without any operating history or are managed by management companies or general partners who may not have as significant track records as an independent manager. • Generally, the execution of these hedge funds’ investment strategies is subject to the sole discretion of the management company or the general partner of such funds. • Hedge funds may engage in speculative trading strategies, including short selling. • Hedge funds are exposed to the risk that a counterparty will not settle a transaction in accordance with its terms and conditions because of a dispute over the terms of the contract (whether or not bona fide) or because of a credit or liquidity problem or otherwise, thus causing the fund to suffer a loss. • Credit risk may arise through a default by one of several large institutions that are dependent on one another to meet their liquidity or operational needs, so that a default by one institution causes a series of defaults by the other institutions. • The efficacy of investment and trading strategies depend largely on the ability to establish and maintain an overall market position in a combination of financial instruments. A hedge fund’s trading orders may not be executed in a timely and efficient manner due to various circumstances, including systems failures or human error. In such event, the funds might only be able to acquire some but not all of the components of the position, or if the overall position were to need adjustment, the funds might not be able to make such adjustment. • Hedge funds may make investments or hold trading positions in markets that are volatile and which may become illiquid. Timely divestiture or sale of trading positions can be impaired by decreased trading volume, increased price volatility, concentrated trading positions, limitations on the ability to transfer positions in highly specialized or structured transactions to which they may be a party, and changes in industry and government regulations. It may be impossible or costly for hedge funds to liquidate positions rapidly in order to meet margin calls, withdrawal requests or otherwise, particularly if there are other market participants seeking to dispose of similar assets at the same time or the relevant market is otherwise moving against a position or in the event of trading 65 halts or daily price movement limits on the market or otherwise. For example, in 2008 many hedge funds, including some of our funds, experienced significant declines in value. In many cases, these declines in value were both provoked and exacerbated by margin calls and forced selling of assets. Moreover, certain of our funds of hedge funds were invested in third-party hedge funds that halted redemptions in the face of illiquidity and other issues, which precluded those funds of hedge funds from receiving their capital back on request. • Hedge fund investments are subject to risks relating to investments in commodities, futures, options and other derivatives, the prices of which are highly volatile and may be subject to the theoretically unlimited risk of loss in certain circumstances, including if the fund writes a call option. As a result of their affiliation with us, our funds may from time to time be restricted from trading in certain securities (e.g., publicly traded securities issued by our current or potential portfolio companies). This may limit their ability to acquire and/or subsequently dispose of investments in connection with transactions that would otherwise generally be permitted in the absence of such affiliation. Our fund investments in infrastructure assets may expose our funds to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of real assets. Investments in infrastructure assets may expose us to increased risks that are inherent in the ownership of real assets. For example: • Ownership of infrastructure assets may present risk of liability for personal and property injury or impose significant operating challenges and costs with respect to, for example, compliance with zoning, environmental, worker, public health and safety or other applicable laws or government actions, which may have a material adverse effect on the operations, financial condition and liquidity of particular assets and ultimately affect investment returns. • Infrastructure asset investments may face construction and development risks including, without limitation: shortages of suitable labor and equipment, adverse construction conditions, challenges in coordinating with public utilities, political or local opposition, failure to obtain regulatory approvals or permits, and catastrophic events such as explosions, fires, war, terrorist activities, natural disasters and other similar events. These events could result in substantial unanticipated delays or expenses and, under certain circumstances, could prevent completion of construction activities once undertaken. Certain infrastructure asset investments may remain in construction phases for a prolonged period and, accordingly, may not be cash generative for a prolonged period. Recourse against the contractor may be subject to liability caps or may be subject to default or insolvency on the part of the contractor. • The management of the business or operations of an infrastructure asset may be contracted to a third-party management company unaffiliated with us. Although it would be possible to replace any such operator, the failure of such an operator to adequately perform its duties or to act in ways that are in our best interest, or the breach by an operator of applicable agreements or laws, rules and regulations, could have an adverse effect on the investment’s financial condition and results of operations. Infrastructure investments often involve an ongoing commitment to a municipal, state, federal or foreign government or regulatory agencies. The nature of these obligations exposes us to a higher level of regulatory control than typically imposed on other businesses and may require us to rely on complex government licenses, concessions, leases or contracts, which may be difficult to obtain or maintain. Infrastructure investments may require operators to manage such investments and such operators’ failure to comply with laws, including prohibitions against bribing of government officials, may adversely affect the value of such investments and cause us serious reputational and legal harm. Revenues for such investments may rely on contractual agreements for the provision of services with a limited number of counterparties, and are consequently subject to counterparty default risk. The operations and cash flow of infrastructure investments are also more sensitive to inflation and, in certain cases, commodity price risk. Furthermore, services provided by infrastructure investments may be subject to rate regulations by government entities that determine or limit prices that may be charged. Similarly, users of applicable services or government entities in response to such users may react negatively to any adjustments in rates and thus reduce the profitability of such infrastructure investments. 66 Our historical financial results included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may not be indicative of what our actual financial position or results of operations would have been if we had been a public company. Our historical financial results included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K do not reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows we would have achieved as a public company during the periods presented or those we will achieve in the future. Our financial condition and future results of operations could be materially different from amounts reflected in GCM Grosvenor’s historical financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, so it may be difficult for investors to compare our future results to historical results or to evaluate our relative performance or trends in our business. Risks Related to Our Organizational Structure We are currently a “controlled company” within the meaning of the Nasdaq listing standards and, as a result, qualify for, and rely on, exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. You will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to such requirements for as long as we qualify for such exemptions. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Key Holders hold all of the Class C common stock, which prior to the Sunset Date will entitle such holders to cast the lesser of 10 votes per share and the Class C Share Voting Amount, the latter of which is generally a number of votes per share equal to (1) (x) an amount of votes equal to 75% of the aggregate voting power of our capital stock (including for this purpose any Includible Shares), minus (y) the total voting power of our capital stock (other than our Class C common stock) owned or controlled, directly or indirectly, by the Key Holders (including, any Includible Shares), divided by (2) the number of shares of our Class C common stock then outstanding. As a result, as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Key Holders control approximately 75% of the combined voting power of our common stock. As a result of the Key Holders’ holdings, we currently qualify as a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC (“Nasdaq”). Under these rules, a listed company of which more than 50% of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a “controlled company” and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirement that (i) a majority of our board of directors consist of independent directors, (ii) we have a compensation committee that is composed entirely of independent directors and (iii) director nominees be selected or recommended to the board by independent directors. We rely on certain of these exemptions. As a result, we do not have a compensation committee consisting entirely of independent directors and our directors are not nominated or selected solely by independent directors. We may also rely on the other exemptions so long as we qualify as a controlled company. To the extent we rely on any of these exemptions, holders of our Class A common stock will not have the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq. The multi-class structure of our common stock has the effect of concentrating voting power with our Chief Executive Officer, which will limit an investor’s ability to influence the outcome of important transactions, including a change of control. Holders of shares of our Class A common stock are entitled to cast one vote per share of Class A common stock while holders of shares of our Class C common stock are, (1) prior to the Sunset Date, entitled to cast the lesser of (x) 10 votes per share and (y) the Class C Share Voting Amount and (2) from and after the Sunset Date, entitled to cast one vote per share. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Key Holders controlled approximately 75% of the combined voting power of our common stock as a result of their ownership of all of our Class C common stock. Accordingly, while we do not intend to issue additional Class C common stock in the future, Mr. Sacks, through his control of GCM V, will be able to exercise control over all matters requiring our stockholders’ approval, including the election of our directors, amendments of our organizational documents and any merger, consolidation, sale of all or substantially all of our assets or other major corporate transactions. Mr. Sacks may have interests that differ from our other stockholders and may vote in a way with which our other stockholders disagree and which may be adverse to their interests. This concentrated control may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change in control of our company, could deprive our stockholders of an opportunity to receive a premium for their capital stock as part of a sale of our company, and might ultimately affect the market price of shares of our Class A common stock. We cannot predict the impact our multi-class structure may have on the stock price of our Class A common stock. We cannot predict whether our multi-class structure will result in a lower or more volatile market price of Class A common stock or in adverse publicity or other adverse consequences. Several stockholder advisory firms and large institutional investors oppose the use of multiple-class share structures. As a result, the multi-class structure of our common stock may cause stockholder advisory firms to publish negative commentary about our corporate governance practices or otherwise seek to cause 67 us to change our capital structure and may result in large institutional investors not purchasing shares of our Class A common stock. Any actions or publications by stockholder advisory firms or institutional investors critical of our corporate governance practices or capital structure could adversely affect the value of our Class A common stock. We are required to pay over to the GCMH Equityholders most of the tax benefits we receive from tax basis step-ups attributable to our acquisition of Grosvenor common units from GCMH Equityholders and certain other tax attributes, and the amount of those payments could be substantial. In connection with the Closing, we entered into a tax receivable agreement (the “Tax Receivable Agreement”) with the GCMH Equityholders (the GCMH Equityholders, and their successors and assigns with respect to the Tax Receivable Agreement, the “TRA Parties”), pursuant to which we will generally pay them 85% of the amount of the tax savings, if any, that we realize (or, under certain circumstances, are deemed to realize) as a result of increases in tax basis (and certain other tax benefits) resulting from our acquisition of equity interests in GCMH from current or former GCMH equityholders (including in connection with the Business Combination, and with future exchanges of Grosvenor common units for Class A common stock or cash), from certain existing tax basis in the assets of GCMH and its subsidiaries, and from certain deductions arising from payments made in connection with the Tax Receivable Agreement. The term of the Tax Receivable Agreement commenced upon the Closing and will continue until all benefits that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement have been utilized or expired, subject to the potential acceleration of our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement that is discussed below. The Tax Receivable Agreement makes certain simplifying assumptions regarding the determination of the tax savings that we realize or are deemed to realize from applicable tax attributes (including use of an assumed state and local income tax rate), which may result in payments pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement in excess of those that would result if such assumptions were not made and therefore in excess of 85% of our actual tax savings. The actual increases in tax basis arising from our acquisition of interests in GCMH, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary depending on a number of factors, including, but not limited to, the price of our Class A common stock at the time of the purchase or exchange, the timing of any future exchanges, the extent to which exchanges are taxable, the amount and timing of our income and the tax rates then applicable. We expect that the payments that we are required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreement could be substantial. The TRA Parties will not reimburse us for any payments previously made if any covered tax benefits are subsequently disallowed, except that excess payments made to the TRA Parties will be netted against future payments that would otherwise be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement. It is possible that the Internal Revenue Service might challenge our tax positions claiming benefits with respect to the attributes covered by the Tax Receivable Agreement, or may make adjustments to our taxable income that would affect our liabilities pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement. We could make payments to the TRA Parties under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are greater than our actual tax savings and may not be able to recoup those payments, which could negatively impact our liquidity. The payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are not conditioned upon any TRA Party’s continued ownership of us. The Tax Receivable Agreement provides that in the case of certain changes of control, or at the election of a representative of the TRA Parties upon a material breach of our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement or upon the occurrence of certain credit-related events, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be accelerated. If our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement are accelerated, we will be required to make a payment to the TRA Parties in an amount equal to the present value of future payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, calculated utilizing certain assumptions. Those assumptions include the assumptions that the TRA Parties will have exchanged all of their Grosvenor common units, and that we will have sufficient taxable income to utilize any tax deductions arising from the covered tax attributes in the earliest year they become available. If our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement are accelerated, those obligations could have a substantial negative impact on our, or a potential acquiror’s liquidity, and could have the effect of delaying, deferring, modifying or preventing certain mergers, business combinations or other changes of control. These provisions could also result in situations where the TRA Parties have interests that differ from or are in addition to those of our other equityholders. In addition, we could be required to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are substantial, significantly in advance of any potential actual realization of such tax benefits, and in excess of our, or a potential acquiror’s, actual tax savings, and in some cases involving a change of control we could be required to make payments even in the absence of any actual increases in tax basis or benefit from existing tax basis. 68 Our only material asset is our interest in GCMH, and we are accordingly dependent upon distributions from GCMH to pay dividends, taxes and other expenses. We are a holding company with no material assets other than our indirect ownership of equity interests in GCMH and certain deferred tax assets. As such, we do not have any independent means of generating revenue. We intend to cause GCMH to make distributions to its members, including us, in an amount at least sufficient to allow us to pay all applicable taxes, to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and to pay our corporate and other overhead expenses. To the extent that we need funds, and GCMH is restricted from making such distributions under applicable laws or regulations, or is otherwise unable to provide such funds, it could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition. In certain circumstances, GCMH will be required to make distributions to us and the GCMH Equityholders, and the distributions that GCMH will be required to make may be substantial and may be made in a manner that is not pro rata among the holders of Grosvenor common units. GCMH is treated, and will continue to be treated, as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, generally is not subject to U.S. federal income tax. Instead, its taxable income is generally allocated to its members, including us. Pursuant to the A&R LLLPA, GCMH will make cash distributions, or tax distributions, to the members, including us, calculated using an assumed tax rate, to provide liquidity to its members to pay taxes on such member’s allocable share of the cumulative taxable income, reduced by cumulative taxable losses. Under applicable tax rules, GCMH will be required to allocate net taxable income disproportionately to its members in certain circumstances. Because tax distributions may be made on a pro rata basis to all members and such tax distributions may be determined based on the member who is allocated the largest amount of taxable income on a per Grosvenor common unit basis and an assumed tax rate that is the highest tax rate applicable to any member, GCMH may be required to make tax distributions that, in the aggregate, exceed the amount of taxes that GCMH would have paid if it were taxed on its net income at the assumed rate. As a result of (i) potential differences in the amount of net taxable income allocable to us and to the GCMH Equityholders, (ii) the lower tax rate applicable to corporations than individuals and (iii) the use of an assumed tax rate in calculating GCMH’s distribution obligations, among other considerations, we may receive distributions significantly in excess of our tax liabilities and obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. If we do not distribute such cash balances as dividends on our Class A common stock and instead, for example, hold such cash balances or lend them to GCMH, the GCMH Equityholders would benefit from any value attributable to such accumulated cash balances as a result of their right to acquire shares of our Class A common stock or, at our election, an amount of cash equal to the fair market value thereof, in exchange for their Grosvenor common units. We will have no obligation to distribute such cash balances to our stockholders, and no adjustments will be made to the consideration provided to an exchanging holder in connection with a direct exchange or redemption of Grosvenor common units under the A&R LLLPA as a result of any retention of cash by us. The A&R LLLPA provides Holdings with an option to reduce the pro rata tax distributions otherwise required to be made to the members of GCMH, provided that in no event may the amount of such tax distributions be reduced below the amount required to permit us to pay our actual tax liabilities and obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. If the tax liabilities of the GCMH Equityholders attributable to allocations from GCMH (calculated utilizing assumptions similar to those described above) are in excess of the reduced pro rata tax distributions made to the members of GCMH, then GCMH will generally make non-pro rata tax distributions to such members in an amount sufficient to permit them to pay such tax liabilities. Any such non-pro rata tax distributions would be treated as advances against other distributions to which the applicable members would be entitled under the A&R LLLPA. In addition, if any such advances have not been recouped via offset against other distributions from GCMH at the time that associated Grosvenor common units are transferred (including as a result of a direct exchange or redemption of Grosvenor common units under the A&R LLLPA) then the applicable transferring member will generally be required to repay the amount of the advance associated with such Grosvenor common units within fifteen days following the transfer. This arrangement could result in the members of GCMH (other than us) receiving cash via tax distributions in a manner that is not pro rata with, and that is in advance of, cash distributions made to us. No interest will be charged with respect to any such tax distributions that are treated as advances to members of GCMH other than us. We may bear certain tax liabilities that are attributable to audit adjustments for taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending prior to the Business Combination, or that are disproportionate to our ownership interest in GCMH in the taxable period for which the relevant adjustment is imposed. Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code enacted as part of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (such provisions, the “Partnership Tax Audit Rules”), partnerships (and not the partners of the partnerships) can be subject to U.S. federal income taxes (and any related interest and penalties) resulting from adjustments made pursuant to an IRS audit or judicial proceedings 69 to the items of income, gain, loss, deduction, or credit shown on the partnership’s tax return (or how such items are allocated among the partners), notwithstanding the fact that absent such adjustments liability for taxes on partnership income is borne by the partners rather than the partnership. Under the Partnership Tax Audit Rules, a partnership’s liability for taxes may be reduced or avoided in certain circumstances depending on the status or actions of its partners. For example, if partners agree to amend their tax returns and pay the resulting taxes, the partnership’s liability can be reduced. Partnerships also may be able to make elections to “push out” the tax liability resulting from the adjustment to the persons who were partners in the prior taxable year that is the subject of the adjustment, and, as a result, avoid having the relevant liability paid at the partnership-level and instead be borne by the persons who are partners at the time the relevant liability is paid. Holdings is entitled to direct whether or not GCMH or its subsidiaries will make the “push out” election described above for adjustments attributable to taxable periods (or portions thereof) ending on or prior to the date of the Business Combination, and whether any such entity will pay any applicable liability at the entity level. Furthermore, although the Partnership Tax Audit Rules generally apply only to adjustments with respect to 2018 and later years, Holdings is entitled to direct GCMH to elect the application of these rules to 2016 and 2017. The provisions of the A&R LLLPA prohibit GCMH from seeking indemnification or other recoveries from the GCMH Equityholders in respect of such liabilities. With respect to Holdings’ exercise of this authority, Holdings’ interests will generally differ from the interests of our other shareholders. Moreover, with respect to taxable periods beginning after the Business Combination, there is no requirement that GCMH or any of its subsidiaries make any “push-out” election. We accordingly may be required to bear a share of any taxes, interest, or penalties associated with any adjustments to applicable tax returns that exceeds our proportionate share of such liabilities based on our ownership interest in GCMH in the taxable period for which such adjustments are imposed (including periods prior to the effective date of the Business Combination during which we had no interest in GCMH), which could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. If we were deemed an “investment company” under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “Investment Company Act”), applicable restrictions could make it impractical for us to continue our business as contemplated and could have a material adverse effect on our business. An issuer will generally be deemed to be an “investment company” for purposes of the Investment Company Act if: • it is an “orthodox” investment company because it is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily, or proposes to engage primarily, in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities; or • it is an inadvertent investment company because, absent an applicable exemption, it owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of its total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. We believe that we are engaged primarily in the business of providing asset management services and not primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. We also believe that the primary source of income from each of our businesses is properly characterized as income earned in exchange for the provision of services. We hold ourselves out as an asset management firm and do not propose to engage primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Accordingly, we do not believe that we, GCM LLC or GCMH are an “orthodox” investment company as described in the first bullet point above. Furthermore, we treat GCM LLC and GCMH as majority-owned subsidiaries for purposes of the Investment Company Act, and each of GCM LLC and GCMH treats its registered investment adviser subsidiaries as majority-owned subsidiaries for purposes of the Investment Company Act. Therefore, we believe that less than 40% of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis will comprise assets that could be considered investment securities. Accordingly, we do not believe that we, GCM LLC or GCMH will be an inadvertent investment company by virtue of the 40% inadvertent investment company test as described in the second bullet point above. In addition, we believe we are not an investment company under section 3(b)(1) of the Investment Company Act because we are primarily engaged in a non-investment company business. The Investment Company Act and the rules thereunder contain detailed parameters for the organization and operations of investment companies. Among other things, the Investment Company Act and the rules thereunder limit or prohibit transactions with affiliates, impose limitations on the issuance of debt and equity securities, prohibit the issuance of stock options, and impose certain governance requirements. We intend to continue to conduct our operations so that we will not be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. However, if anything were to happen that would cause us to be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, requirements imposed by the Investment Company Act, including limitations on our capital structure, ability to transact business with affiliates (including GCMH) and ability to 70 compensate key employees, could make it impractical for us to continue our business as currently conducted, impair the agreements and arrangements between and among GCMH, us or our senior management team, or any combination thereof and materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. A change of control of our Company could result in an assignment of our investment advisory agreements. Under the Advisers Act, each of the investment advisory agreements for the funds and other accounts we manage must provide that it may not be assigned without the consent of the particular fund or other client accounts. An assignment may occur under the Advisers Act if, among other things, GCMH undergoes a change of control. From and after the Sunset Date, each share of Class C common stock will entitle the record holder thereof to one vote per share instead of potentially multiple votes per share and the Key Holders will no longer control the appointment of directors or be able to direct the vote on all matters that are submitted to our stockholders for a vote. Prior to the Sunset Date, Mr. Sacks, the beneficial holder of approximately 75% of the combined voting power of our common stock as of the Closing through his ownership of GCM V, may die or become disabled. These events could be deemed a change of control of GCMH, and thus an assignment under the Advisers Act. If such an assignment occurs, we cannot be certain that GCMH will be able to obtain the necessary consents from our funds and other client accounts, which could cause us to lose the management fees and performance fees we earn from such funds and other client accounts. Because many members of our senior management team hold most or all of their economic interest in GCMH through other entities, conflicts of interest could arise between them and holders of shares of our Class A common stock or us. Because many members of our senior management team hold most or all of their economic interest in GCMH through holding companies and other vehicles rather than through ownership of shares of our Class A common stock, they could have interests that do not align with, or conflict with, those of the holders of our Class A common stock or with us. For example, certain members of our senior management team may have different tax positions from those of our company and/or our Class A common stockholders, which could influence their decisions regarding whether and when to enter into certain transactions or dispose of assets, whether and when to incur new or refinance existing indebtedness, and whether and when we should terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement and accelerate the obligations thereunder. In addition, the structuring of future transactions and investments may take into consideration the members’ tax considerations even where no similar benefit would accrue to us. Provisions in our organizational documents and certain rules imposed by regulatory authorities may delay or prevent our acquisition by a third-party. Our Charter and Bylaws contain several provisions that may make it more difficult or expensive for a third-party to acquire control of us without the approval of our board of directors. These provisions, which may delay, prevent or deter a merger, acquisition, tender offer, proxy contest or other transaction that stockholders may consider favorable, include the following: • the fact that the Class C common stock may be entitled to multiple votes per share until (i) such share of Class C common stock is canceled/redeemed for no consideration upon, subject to certain exceptions, (ii) the disposition of (a) the Grosvenor common units and (b) the shares of Class A common stock (as a result of a redemption of Grosvenor common units) paired with such Class C common stock, as applicable, and (iii) with respect to all shares of Class C common stock, the Sunset Date; • the sole ability of directors to fill a vacancy on the board of directors; • advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and director nominations; • after we no longer qualify as a “controlled company” under Nasdaq Listing Rule 5605(c)(1), provisions limiting stockholders’ ability to call special meetings of stockholders, to require special meetings of stockholders to be called and to take action by written consent; and • the ability of our governing body to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred stock without stockholder approval, which could be used, among other things, to institute a rights plan that would have the effect of significantly diluting the stock ownership of a potential hostile acquiror, likely preventing acquisitions that have not been approved by our governing body. These provisions of our Charter and Bylaws could discourage potential takeover attempts and reduce the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our Class A common stock in the future, which could reduce the market price of our Class A common stock. For more information, see “Description of Capital Stock.” 71 In the event of a merger, consolidation or tender or exchange offer, holders of our Class A common stock will not be entitled to receive excess economic consideration for their shares over that payable to the holders of our Class B common stock. No shares of our Class B common stock, the primary purpose of which is to be available for issuance in connection with acquisitions, joint ventures, investments or other commercial arrangements, are outstanding as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. If we choose to issue Class B common stock in the future, the holders of Class A common stock will not be entitled to receive economic consideration for their shares in excess of that payable to the holders of the then outstanding shares of Class B common stock in the event of a merger, consolidation or tender or exchange offer, even though Class B common stock does not have the right to vote. This would result in a lesser payment to the holders of Class A common stock than if there are no shares of Class B common stock outstanding at the time of such merger, consolidation or tender or exchange offer. The provisions of our Charter requiring exclusive forum in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and the federal district courts of the U.S. for certain types of lawsuits may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against its directors and officers. Our Charter provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we provide notice in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of its directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), our Charter or Bylaws or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine, in each such case subject to such Court of Chancery having personal jurisdiction over the indispensable parties named as defendants therein. Our Charter further provides that the federal district courts of the U.S. are the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. By becoming a stockholder in our company, you will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the exclusive forum provisions of our Charter. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such a provision relating to causes of action arising under the Securities Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, our Charter provides that the exclusive forum provisions do not apply to suits brought to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. These provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. The enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies’ certificates of incorporation has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that, in connection with any applicable action brought against us, a court could find the choice of forum provisions contained in the proposed certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in such action. If we were to convert into a public benefit corporation, our status as such may not result in the benefits that we anticipate. Pursuant to our Charter, our board of directors has the option to, without prior notice to our stockholders, cause us to convert into a Delaware public benefit corporation in order to demonstrate our commitment to environmental, social and governance issues facing societies. If we were to convert into a public benefit corporation, we would be required to balance the financial interests of our stockholders with the best interests of those stakeholders materially affected by our conduct, including particularly those affected by the specific benefit purposes set forth in our Charter. In addition, there is no assurance that the expected positive impact from being a public benefit corporation would be realized. Accordingly, being a public benefit corporation and complying with the related obligations could negatively impact our ability to provide the highest possible return to our stockholders. We currently pay dividends to our stockholders, but our ability to do so is subject to the discretion of our board of directors and may be limited by our holding company structure and applicable provisions of Delaware law. Although we expect to continue to pay cash dividends to our stockholders, our board of directors may, in its discretion, increase or decrease the level of dividends or discontinue the payment of dividends entirely. In addition, as a holding company, we are dependent upon the ability of GCMH to generate earnings and cash flows and distribute them to us so that we may pay our obligations and expenses (including our taxes and payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement) and pay dividends to our stockholders. We expect to cause GCMH to make distributions to its members, including us. However, the ability of GCMH to make such distributions is subject to its operating results, cash requirements and financial condition, restrictive covenants in our debt instruments and applicable Delaware law (which may limit the amount of funds available for distribution to its members). Our ability to declare and pay dividends to our stockholders is likewise subject to Delaware law (which may limit the amount of 72 funds available for dividends). If, as a consequence of these various limitations and restrictions, we are unable to generate sufficient distributions from our business, we may not be able to make, or may be required to reduce or eliminate, the payment of dividends on our Class A common stock. We may change our dividend policy at any time. We have no obligation to pay any dividend, and our dividend policy may change at any time without notice. The declaration and amount of any future dividends is subject to the discretion of our board of directors in determining whether dividends are in the best interest of our stockholders based on our financial performance and other factors and are in compliance with all laws and agreements applicable to the declaration and payment of cash dividends by us. In addition, our ability to pay dividends on our common stock is currently limited by the covenants of our current debt instruments and may be further restricted by the terms of any future debt securities or instruments or preferred securities. Future dividends may also be affected by factors that our board of directors deems relevant, including, without limitation: • general economic and business conditions; • our strategic plans and prospects; • our business and investment opportunities; • our financial condition and operating results, including our cash position, net income and realizations on investments made by its investment funds; • working capital requirements and anticipated cash needs; • contractual restrictions and obligations, including payment obligations pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement; and • legal, tax and regulatory restrictions. Risks Related to Being a Public Company Failure to establish and maintain effective internal controls in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could have a material adverse effect on our business and stock price. We are required to comply with the SEC’s rules implementing Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports, and we are required to comply with the SEC’s rules implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, which requires management provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of controls over financial reporting. Additionally, we are required to have our independent registered public accounting firm provide an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. An adverse report may be issued in the event our independent registered public accounting firm is not satisfied with the level at which our controls are documented, designed or operating. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal controls, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the entity’s financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. A significant deficiency is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal controls that is less severe than a material weakness, yet important enough to merit attention by those charged with governance. When evaluating our internal control over financial reporting, we may identify material weaknesses that we may not be able to remediate in time to meet the applicable deadline imposed upon us for compliance with the requirements of Section 404. If we identify or fail to remediate any material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting or are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is ineffective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, we could fail to meet our reporting obligations or be required to restate our financial statements for prior periods. Investors may also lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our Class A common stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by Nasdaq, the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which would require additional financial and management resources. 73 A significant portion of our total outstanding shares of our Class A common stock (or shares of our Class A common stock that may be issued in the future pursuant to the exchange or redemption of Grosvenor common units) may be sold into the market in the near future. We could also issue and sell additional shares of Class A common stock in the future. These events could cause the market price of our Class A common stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well . The market price of our Class A common stock could decline as a result of sales of a large number of shares of Class A common stock in the market or the perception that such sales could occur. These sales, or the possibility that these sales may occur, also might make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at a time and at a price that we deem appropriate. In addition, as of February 16, 2026, the GCMH Equityholders owned approximately 70% of the Grosvenor common units. For so long as registration statements for the sale of shares of our Class A common stock by the parties to the Registration Rights Agreement are available for use, the sale or possibility of sale of these shares of Class A common stock could have the effect of increasing the volatility in the market price of our Class A common stock, or decreasing the market price itself, even if our business is doing well. Purchases of shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase plan may affect the value of our Class A common stock, and there can be no assurance that our stock repurchase plan will enhance stockholder value. Pursuant to our publicly announced stock repurchase plan, as of December 31, 2025, we were authorized to repurchase up to $220 million in the aggregate of our Class A common stock, including through the repurchase of outstanding shares of our Class A common stock and through a reduction of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to employees to satisfy associated obligations in connection with the settlement of equity-based awards granted under our Amended and Restated 2020 Incentive Award Plan (and any successor equity plan thereto). The timing and amount of any future share repurchases will be determined based on legal requirements, price, market and economic conditions and other factors. This activity could increase (or reduce the size of any decrease in) the market price of our Class A common stock at that time. Additionally, repurchases under our share repurchase program will continue to diminish our cash reserves, which could impact our ability to pursue possible strategic opportunities and acquisitions and could result in lower overall returns on our cash balances. There can be no assurance that any share repurchases will enhance stockholder value because the market price of our Class A shares could decline. Although our share repurchase program is intended to enhance long-term stockholder value, short-term share price fluctuations could reduce the program’s effectiveness. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we spent $25.7 million to settle in cash or reduce shares of Class A common stock to be issued to employees in satisfaction of associated tax obligations in connection with the settlement of vested restricted stock units. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we spent $30.7 million to repurchase shares of Class A common stock in open market transactions. As of December 31, 2025, $55.7 million remains available under our stock repurchase plan. The obligations associated with being a public company involve significant expenses and require significant resources and management attention, which may divert from our business operations. As a public company, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Exchange Act requires the filing of annual, quarterly and current reports with respect to a public company’s business and financial condition. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that a public company establish and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we incur, and will continue to incur, significant legal, accounting and other expenses associated with being a public company. These rules and regulations have resulted, and will continue to result, in us incurring substantial legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. For example, these rules and regulations will likely make it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced policy limits and coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain the same or similar coverage. As a result, it may be difficult for us to attract and retain qualified people to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 74 General

