TICKER: GDC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
Suppliers The
Company relies on a limited number of third-party suppliers for technology services and leased facilities. For the year ended December
31, 2025, the Company’s top two suppliers are Dragon Cliff Limited and SLG 810 Seventh Lessee LLC. 14 Employees As
of March 27, 2026, our Company has 5 full-time employees in total. We
have not experienced any significant labor disputes and consider our relationship with our employees to be good. Our employees are not
covered by any collective bargaining agreement. As
we continue to expand our business, we believe it is critical to hire and retain top talent. We believe we have the ability to attract
and retain high quality talents based on our competitive salaries, annual performance-based bonus system, and equity incentive program
for senior employees and executives. Recent
Developments Equity
Purchase Agreement dated October 27, 2023 and the Amendment to the Equity Purchase Agreement dated N ovember
10, 2023 On
October 27, 2023, the Company entered into an equity purchase agreement (the “Agreement”) with Shanghai Highlight and Beijing
Hehe, pursuant to which the Shanghai Highlight agreed to purchase the 20% equity interest in Shanghai Xianzhui from Beijing Hehe and
the Company agreed to issue 600,000 shares of common stock of the Company, valued at $2.7820 per share, the average closing bid price
of the common stock of GDC as of the five trading days immediately preceding the date of the Agreement, to Beijing Hehe or its assigns.
The closing of the transaction shall take place within thirty (30) days from the execution of the Agreement. The Agreement is effective
for thirty (30) days from the date of the Agreement, which can be extended for additional thirty (30) days upon all parties’ written
agreement. The Company or Shanghai Highlight may terminate the Agreement at any time with a three (3) day advance written notice to Beijing
Hehe. On
November 10, 2023, the Company entered into an amended and restated equity purchase agreement (the “Amended and Restated Agreement”)
that amended and replaced the Original Agreement. Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Agreement, Shanghai Highlight agreed to purchase
the 13.3333% equity interest in Shanghai Xianzhui from Beijing Hehe and the Company agreed to issue 400,000 shares of common stock of
the Company, valued at the Per Share Price, to Beijing Hehe or its assigns. Pursuant
to the Amended and Restated Agreement, the closing of the transaction shall take place within thirty (30) days from the execution of
the Amended and Restated Agreement. The Amended and Restated Agreement is effective for thirty (30) days from the date of the Amended
and Restated Agreement, which can be extended for additional thirty (30) days upon all parties’ written agreement. The Company
or Shanghai Highlight may terminate the Amended and Restated Agreement at any time with a three (3) day advance written notice to Beijing
Hehe. On
January 11, 2024, the Company issued the Shares and the transaction is completed. Up to the date of this Report, the Company owns 73.3333%
of the total equity interest of Shanghai Xianzhui. Registered
Direct Offering (“March 2024 Offering ”) On
March 22, 2024, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement, with Univest Securities, LLC, as the placement agent. Pursuant
to the placement agency agreement, the placement agent agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to sell the Company’s common stock
in a registered direct offering. The placement agent has no obligation to buy any of the securities from us or to arrange for the purchase
or sale of any specific number or dollar amount of securities. In
the March 2024 Offering, an aggregate of 810,277 shares of common stock were sold to certain purchasers, pursuant to a securities purchase
agreement, dated March 22, 2024. The purchase price of each Common Share is $1.144. 15 The
March 2024 Offering is being made pursuant to a shelf registration statement (No. 333-254366) on Form S-3, which was declared effective
by the SEC on March 26, 2021, and related prospectus supplement. The
net proceeds from the March 2024 Offering, after deducting placement agent discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses
payable by the Company, are approximately $830,000. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the March 2024 Offering for working
capital and general corporate purposes. Pursuant
to the placement agency agreement, the Company has agreed to pay the placement agent a total cash fee equal to 4.0% of the aggregate
gross proceeds received in the March 2024 Offering. Pursuant
to the placement agency agreement, the Company agreed to issue the placement agent warrants to the placement agent to purchase up to
40,514 shares of Common Stock (equal to 5.0% of the aggregate number of Common Shares) at an exercise price of $1.373 per share, which
represents 120% of the offering price. Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers On
April 26, 2024, Mr. Shuang Zhang tendered his resignation as a director of the Company, effective April 26, 2024. The resignation of
Mr. Shuang Zhang was not a result of any disagreement with the Company’s operations, policies or procedures. On
April 26, 2024, Mr. Mingyue Cai tendered his resignation as a director, chair of the Compensation Committee, and member of the Audit
Committee and Nominating Committee of the Company, effective April 26, 2024. The resignation of Mr. Mingyue Cai was not a result of any
disagreement with the Company’s operations, policies or procedures. On
April 26, 2024, Mr. Yi Zhong tendered his resignation as a director, chair of the Nominating Committee, and member of the Audit Committee
and Compensation Committee of the Company, effective April 26, 2024. The resignation of Mr. Yi Zhong was not a result of any disagreement
with the Company’s operations, policies or procedures. On
April 26, 2024, approved by the Board of Directors, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Compensation Committee,
Mr. Zihao Zhao, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, was appointed as a director of the Company, effective April 26, 2024, Mr.
Lei Zhang was appointed as a director, chair of the Compensation Committee, and member of the Audit Committee and Nominating Committee
and Mr. Yun Zhang was appointed as a director, chair of the Nominating Committee, and member of the Audit Committee and Compensation
Committee of the Company, effective April 26, 2024. Nasdaq
Compliance On
May 13, 2024, the Company received a written notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC (“Nasdaq”)
notifying the Company that, based on the closing bid price of the Company’s common stock was below $1.00 for the last 30 consecutive
trading days, the Company no longer complies with the minimum bid price requirement (the “Minimum Bid Price Requirement”)
for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5450(a)(1). Pursuant to Nasdaq Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(A),
the Company has an initial compliance period of 180 calendar days, or until November 11, 2024, to regain compliance with the Minimum
Bid Price Requirement. On
June 18, 2024, the Company received a letter from Nasdaq stating that because the Company’s common stock had a closing bid price
at or above $1.00 per share for 10 consecutive business days, the Company had regained compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Requirement,
and that the matter is now closed. Software
Purchase Agreement dated May 31, 2024 On
May 31, 2024, the Company entered into a software purchase agreement with Shanxi Gangdong Cultural Media Co., Ltd., a seller unaffiliated
with the Company (the “Seller”). Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to purchase and the Seller agreed to sell
all of Seller’s right, title, and interest in and to the certain software. The purchase price of the software shall be $1,248,000,
payable in the form of issuance of 1,560,000 shares of common stock of the Company, valued at $0.80 per share. The Company plans to use
the software to develop its AI business. On June 4, 2024, the Company issued 1,560,000 shares of common stock of the Company to the Seller’s
designees and the transaction was completed. 16 At-The-Market
Issuance Sales A g reement ( “February 2025 Offerin g”) On
February 10, 2025, the Company entered into an At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement with Univest Securities, LLC as the sales agent.
Pursuant to the At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, the Company may issue and sell from time to time, shares of its common stock
having an aggregate offering price of not more than $10,000,000 through the sales agent or any of its sub-agent(s) or other designees,
acting as sales agent. Pursuant
to the At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, the Company will pay the sales agent a commission in cash equal to 3.5% of the gross proceeds
from the sale of the shares under the At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, and reimburse the sales agent for all reasonable travel
and other accountable expenses, including the documented fees and costs of its legal counsel reasonably incurred in connection with entering
into the transactions contemplated by the At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement in an amount not to exceed $125,000. Additionally,
pursuant to the terms of the At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, the Company agreed to reimburse the sales agent for the documented
fees and costs of its legal counsel reasonably incurred in connection with sales agent’s ongoing diligence requirements arising
from the transactions contemplated by the At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement in an amount not to exceed $5,000 in the aggregate per
calendar quarter. Any
issuances made under the February 2025 Offering, if any, will be made pursuant to the Company’s shelf registration statement on
Form S-3 (File No. 333- 279141), which was initially filed with the SEC on May 6, 2024, and was declared effective, as amended, by the
Commission on August 20, 2024. Private
Placement ( “March 2025 Offerin g”) On
March 4, 2025, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain investor for the sale of 1,115,600 shares of common
stock at $0.896379 per share. The March 2025 Offering closed on March 6, 2025. The Company received gross proceeds in the amount of $1,000,000,
before deducting placement agent’s fees and accountable expenses and other estimated expenses. The Company plans to use the proceeds
from the offering for working capital purposes. Pursuant to the securities purchase agreement, the Company has agreed to use commercially
reasonable efforts to, within sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement, file a registration statement
on the appropriate form providing for the resale by the Purchaser of the Shares. In
the Securities Purchase Agreement, the investor represented to the Company, among other things, that it is an “accredited investor”
(as such term is defined in Rule 501(a)(3) of Regulation D under the Securities Act. The shares were issued and sold by the Company to
the Investor in reliance upon the exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of
the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. In
connection with the Offering, on March 4, 2025, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement with Univest Securities, LLC, as
the placement agent. The Company agreed to pay the placement agent a total cash fee equal to seven percent (7%) of the aggregate gross
proceeds raised in this March 2025 Offering. The Company has also agreed to reimburse the placement agent for all reasonable and out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with the March 2025 Offering, including reasonable fees and expenses of the Placement Agent’s legal
counsel and due diligence analysis up to $20,000. Nasdaq
Compliance On
March 20, 2025, Nasdaq notified the Company that it was not in compliance with Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(b)(1) requiring minimum stockholders’
equity of $2.5 million. The Company regained compliance by maintaining the minimum market value of $35 million for ten consecutive business
days by June 25, 2025. 17 Software
Purchase Agreement dated April 28, 2025 On
April 28, 2025, the Company entered into a software purchase agreement with Gongzheng Xu and Qing Wang, sellers unaffiliated with the
Company (the “Sellers”). Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to purchase and the Seller agreed to sell all of Seller’s
right, title, and interest in and to the certain software. The purchase price of the software shall be $5,768,536.20, payable in the
form of issuance of 2,444,295 shares of common stock of the Company, valued at $2.36 per share. The Company plans to use the software
to develop its AI business. On April 29, 2025, the Company issued 2,444,295 shares of common stock of the Company to the Sellers and
the transaction was completed. Securities
Purchase Agreement dated May 2, 2025 On
May 2, 2025, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain investors (the “Purchasers”), pursuant
to which the Company agreed to sell to the Purchasers (i) 1,115,600 shares of common stock (the “Shares”) at $0.524 per share
and (ii) 9,380,582 Pre-Funded Warrants (the “Pre-Funded Warrants”) at $0.523 per warrant (the “Offering”). Shares
and the Pre-funded Warrants were issued and sold by the Company to the Purchasers in reliance upon the exemptions from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation D promulgated thereunder. On
May 6, 2025, The Company completed its first closing of the Shares and 7,468,536 Pre-Funded Warrants, and received gross proceeds in
the amount of $4,500,000, before deducting placement agent’s fees and accountable expenses and other estimated expenses. In
connection with the Offering, on May 2, 2025, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement with Univest Securities, as the placement
agent. Pursuant to the placement agency agreement, the Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a total cash fee equal to seven percent
(7%) of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in this Offering. The Company also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent for all reasonable
and out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the Offering, including reasonable fees and expenses of the Placement Agent’s
legal counsel and due diligence analysis up to $20,000. Common
Stock Purchase Agreement dated May 11, 2025 On
May 11, 2025, the Company entered into a Common Stock Purchase Agreement with an investor (the “Investor”). Pursuant
to the Common Stock Purchase Agreement, the Company should have the right, from time to time, during the period from the date of the
Agreement to the earlier of (i) the date on which the Investor should have purchased $300,000,000 worth of the Company’s common
stock or (ii) the second (2nd ) anniversary of the date of the Agreement, to send the Investor a purchase notice (the “Purchase
Notice”) requiring the Investor to purchase common stock of the Company. The purchase price for the common stock should be equal
to 90% of the lowest daily VWAP for the Company’s common stock during the five (5) consecutive business day period prior to, and
including the Purchase Notice Date, but should in no event be lower than $0.44. Departure
of Directors or Certain Officers; Election of Directors; Appointment of Certain Officers; Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers On
June 27, 2025, the Company entered into an employment agreement with Zihao Zhao, the Chief Financial Officer (the “Executive”)
of the Company, which replaced and superseded the Executive’s prior employment agreement dated as of April 21, 2023 and commenced
on May 15, 2025. The
Employment Agreement was substantially similar to the Executive’s prior employment agreement except the annual base salary was
increased to one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000.00). Acquisition
of Pallas Capital Holding Ltd On September 10, 2025, the Company executed a Share Exchange Agreement
to acquire 100% of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of Pallas Capital Holding Ltd, a British Virgin Islands company (“Pallas”),
in exchange for 39,189,344 shares of the Company’s common stock. The transaction closed on September 29, 2025. Pallas’s assets
include 7,500 Bitcoin (valued at approximately $842 million at the time of acquisition), which will be held as a long-term digital
asset reserve. This acquisition aligns with the Company’s crypto asset treasury strategy to strengthen its reserves and presence
in the decentralized finance ecosystem. Two of the Company’s shareholders with a total of 12.86% beneficial
ownership are directors with control over Pallas’s shares, making this a related party transaction that was approved by the Company’s
Audit Committee and shareholders. 18 Securities
Purchase Agreement dated October 24, 2025 On
October 24, 2025, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement with certain accredited investor (the “Purchasers”).
Pursuant to Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a private placement an aggregate of 1,333,334 shares
of common stock (the “Shares”), par value $0.0001 per share (the “Common Stock”) at a purchase price of $2.10
per share, for gross proceeds in the amount of approximately $2,800,000. The Company plans to use the process for working capital and
general corporate purposes. Pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement, the Company has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts
to, within sixty (60) calendar days after the date of the Securities Purchase Agreement, file a registration statement on the appropriate
form providing for the resale by the Investor of the Shares The
Private Placement closed on October 27, 2025. The Shares were issued and sold by the Company to the Investor in reliance upon the exemptions
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act afforded by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506(b) of Regulation
D promulgated thereunder. In
connection with the Private Placement, on October 24, 2025, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement with Univest Securities,
LLC, as the placement agent. The Company agreed to pay the Placement Agent a total cash fee equal to seven percent (7%) of the aggregate
gross proceeds raised in this Private Placement. The Company has also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent for all reasonable and
out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the Private Placement, including reasonable fees and expenses of the Placement Agent’s
legal counsel and due diligence analysis up to $20,000. Share
Repurchase Program On
February 17, 2026, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to $100 million
of its common stock, par value $0.0001 per share. The share repurchase program expires on August 17, 2026. Change
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm On
January 29, 2026, with the approval of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, the Company terminated HTL International, LLC
(“HTL”) and engaged GGF CPA LTD (“GGF”) as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2025, effective immediately. Environmental
Matters As
of December 31, 2025, the Company, Shanghai Xianzhui and Ai Catalysis were not subject to any fines or legal action involving non-compliance
with any relevant environmental regulation, nor are we aware of any threatened or pending action, including by any environmental regulatory
authority. Governmental
Regulations in the PRC As
of the date of this Report, it is the opinion of our PRC counsel, Jiangsu Junjin Law Firm, that our PRC operating subsidiaries have received
all requisite permissions or approvals to operate the business and no such permissions or approvals have been denied. It is also the
opinion of our PRC counsel, Jiangsu Junjin Law Firm, that except for the business license mentioned in “Regulations on Business
License” below, our PRC operating subsidiaries are not required to obtain any other permissions or approvals from any Chinese authorities
to operate the business. It is the further opinion of our PRC counsel, Jiangsu Junjin Law Firm, that under currently effective PRC laws
and regulations, we are not required to obtain permission or complete filing procedures with any PRC authorities to issue securities
to foreign investors, and we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, sanction, or any regulatory objection from the CSRC, the
CAC, or any other PRC authorities that have jurisdiction over our operations. See “Regulations on Mergers & Acquisitions and
Overseas Listings” and “Regulations on Cybersecurity Review” below. However, applicable laws and regulations may be
tightened, and new laws or regulations may be introduced to impose additional government approval, license, and permit requirements.
If (i) we or our subsidiaries do not receive or maintain all such required permissions or approvals to operate our business, (ii) we
or our subsidiaries inadvertently conclude that such permissions or approvals are not required, or (iii) applicable laws, regulations,
or interpretations change and we are required to obtain such permissions or approvals in the future, we may face sanctions, including
fines and penalties, by the CAC, CSRC, or other PRC regulatory agencies, our PRC subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends outside
of the PRC could be limited, our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, we could be required to restructure
our operations to comply with such regulations or potentially cease operations in the PRC entirely, our ability to offer, or continue
to offer, securities to investors could be significantly limited or completely hindered and the value of our securities might significantly
decline or be worthless. 19 Business
license Any
company that conducts business in the PRC must have a business license that covers a particular type of work. The business license is
a permit issued by Market Supervision and Administration that allows the company to conduct specific business within the government’s
geographical jurisdiction. The Company’s PRC operating company, Shanghai Xianzhui’s business license covers its present business
of technology development and consulting, and technical support for digital humans. As
of the date of this Report, it is the opinion of our PRC counsel, Jiangsu Junjin Law Firm , that our PRC operating subsidiary has all
material permissions and approvals required for our operations in compliance with the relevant PRC laws and regulations in the PRC and
no such permissions or approvals have been denied. As
of the date of this Report, it is the opinion of our PRC counsel, Jiangsu Junjin Law Firm, that except for the business license mentioned
here, we and our operating subsidiary are not required to obtain any other permissions or approvals from any Chinese authorities to operate
the business. However, applicable laws and regulations may be tightened, and new laws or regulations may be introduced to impose additional
government approval, license, and permit requirements. If (i) we or our subsidiaries do not receive or maintain all such required permissions
or approvals to operate our business, (ii) we or our subsidiaries inadvertently conclude that such permissions or approvals are not required,
or (iii) applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change and we are required to obtain such permissions or approvals in the future,
we may face sanctions, including fines and penalties, by the CAC, CSRC, or other PRC regulatory agencies, our PRC subsidiaries’
ability to pay dividends outside of the PRC could be limited, our operations could be adversely affected, directly or indirectly, we
could be required to restructure our operations to comply with such regulations or potentially cease operations in the PRC entirely,
our ability to offer, or continue to offer, securities to investors could be significantly limited or completely hindered and the value
of our securities might significantly decline or be worthless. Regulations
on Employment laws Shanghai
Xianzhui is subject to laws and regulations governing our relationship with our employees, including: wage and hour requirements, working
and safety conditions, citizenship requirements, work permits and travel restrictions. These include local labor laws and regulations,
which may require substantial resources for compliance. China’s National Labor Law, which became effective on January 1, 1995,
and amended on August 27, 2009, and China’s National Labor Contract Law, which became effective on January 1, 2008, and amended
on December 28, 2012, permit workers in both state and private enterprises in China to bargain collectively. The National Labor Law and
the National Labor Contract Law provide for collective contracts to be developed through collaboration between the labor union (or worker
representatives in the absence of a union) and management that specify such matters as working conditions, wage scales, and hours of
work. The laws also permit workers and employers in all types of enterprises to sign individual contracts, which are to be drawn up in
accordance with the collective contract. Regulations
on Intellectual property protection in China Patent. The PRC has domestic laws for the protection of copyrights, patents, trademarks and trade secrets. The PRC is also signatory
to some of the world’s major intellectual property conventions, including: ● Convention
establishing the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO Convention) (June 4, 1980); ● Paris
Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property (March 19, 1985); 20 ● Patent
Cooperation Treaty (January 1, 1994); and ● The
Agreement on Trade-Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights (TRIPs) (November 11, 2001). Patents
in the PRC are governed by the China Patent Law and its Implementing Regulations, each of which went into effect in 1985. The China Patent
Law has been amended multiple times, with the most recent amendment promulgated in 2020 and becoming effective on June 1, 2021. Its Implementing
Regulations were most recently amended in 2023 and became effective on January 20, 2024. The
PRC is signatory to the Paris Convention for the Protection of Industrial Property, in accordance with which any person who has duly
filed an application for a patent in one signatory country shall enjoy, for the purposes of filing in the other countries, a right of
priority during the period fixed in the convention (12 months for inventions and utility models, and 6 months for industrial designs). The
Patent Law covers three kinds of patents — patents for inventions, utility models and designs. The Chinese patent system adopts
the principle of first to file, which means that a patent may be granted only to the person who first files an application. Consistent
with international practice, the PRC allows the patenting of inventions or utility models that possess the characteristics of novelty,
inventiveness and practical applicability only. For a design to be patentable it cannot be identical with, or similar to, any design
which, before the date of filing, has been publicly disclosed in publications in the country or abroad or has been publicly used in the
country, and should not be in conflict with any prior right of another. Copyright .
Copyright in the PRC, including copyrighted software, is principally protected under the Copyright Law of the PRC and related rules and
regulations. Under the Copyright Law, the term of protection for copyrighted software is 50 years. Trademark .
Registered trademarks are protected under the Trademark Law of the PRC and related rules and regulations. Trademarks are registered with
the Trademark Office of the National Intellectual Property Administration (CNIPA). Where registration is sought for a trademark that
is identical or similar to another trademark which has already been registered or given preliminary examination and approval for use
in the same or similar category of commodities or services, the application for registration of such trademark may be rejected. Trademark
registrations are effective for a renewable ten-year period, unless otherwise revoked. The duration of a trademark is 10 years from the
date of registration. Domain
names . Domain name registrations are handled through domain name service agencies established under the relevant regulations,
and applicants become domain name holders upon successful registration. Regulations
on Tax PRC
Corporate Income Tax The
PRC corporate income tax, or CIT, is calculated based on the taxable income determined under the applicable CIT Law and its implementation
rules, which became effective on January 1, 2008 and amended on February 24, 2017. The CIT Law imposes a uniform corporate income tax
rate of 25% on all resident enterprises in China, including foreign-invested enterprises. Uncertainties
exist with respect to how the CIT Law applies to the tax residence status of The Company and our offshore subsidiaries. Under the CIT
Law, an enterprise established outside of China with a “de facto management body” within China is considered a “resident
enterprise,” which means that it is treated in a manner similar to a Chinese enterprise for corporate income tax purposes. Although
the implementation rules of the CIT Law define “de facto management body” as a managing body that exercises substantive and
overall management and control over the production and business, personnel, accounting books and assets of an enterprise, the only official
guidance for this definition currently available is set forth in Circular 82 issued by the State Administration of Taxation, which provides
guidance on the determination of the tax residence status of a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise, defined as an enterprise
that is incorporated under the laws of a foreign country or territory and that has a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as its primary
controlling shareholder. Although the Company does not have a PRC enterprise or enterprise group as our primary controlling shareholder
and is therefore not a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise within the meaning of Circular 82, in the absence of guidance
specifically applicable to us, we have applied the guidance set forth in Circular 82 to evaluate the tax residence status of The Company
and our subsidiaries organized outside the PRC. 21 According
to Circular 82, a Chinese-controlled offshore incorporated enterprise will be regarded as a PRC tax resident by virtue of having a “de
facto management body” in China and will be subject to PRC corporate income tax on its worldwide income only if all of the following
criteria are met: ● the
                                            primary location of the day-to-day operational management is in the PRC; ● decisions
                                            relating to the enterprise’s financial and human resource matters are made or are subject
                                            to approval by organizations or personnel in the PRC; ● the
                                            enterprise’s primary assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and board
                                            and shareholders meeting minutes are located or maintained in the PRC; and ● 50%
                                            or more of voting board members or senior executives habitually reside in the PRC. We
do not believe that we meet any of the conditions outlined in the immediately preceding paragraph. We
believe none of our entities outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes. However, the tax resident status of
an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the
term “de facto management body.” As all of our management members are based in China, it remains unclear how the tax residency
rule will apply to our case. If the PRC tax authorities determine that we or any of our subsidiaries outside of China is a PRC resident
enterprise for PRC enterprise income tax purposes, then we or such subsidiary could be subject to PRC tax at a rate of 25% on its world-wide
income, which could materially reduce our net income. In addition, we will also be subject to PRC enterprise income tax reporting obligations.
Furthermore, if the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes, gains realized
on the sale or other disposition of our common stock may be subject to PRC tax, at a rate of 10% in the case of non-PRC enterprises or
20% in the case of non-PRC individuals (in each case, subject to the provisions of any applicable tax treaty), if such gains are deemed
to be from PRC sources. It is unclear whether non-PRC shareholders of our company would be able to claim the benefits of any tax treaties
between their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that we are treated as a PRC resident enterprise. Any such tax may reduce
the returns on your investment in our common stock. Value-Added
Tax and Business Tax In
November 2011, the MOF and the State Administration of Taxation promulgated the Pilot Plan for Imposition of Value-Added Tax to Replace
Business Tax. In May and December 2013 and April 2014, the MOF and the State Administration of Taxation promulgated Circular 37, Circular
106 and Circular 43 to further expand the scope of services which are to be subject to Value-Added Tax, or VAT, instead of business tax.
Pursuant to these tax rules, from August 1, 2013, VAT will be imposed to replace the business tax in certain service industries, including
technology services and advertising services, on a nationwide basis. The VAT rate shall be 17% for sale or importation of goods by a
taxpayer. But, unlike business tax, a taxpayer is allowed to offset the qualified input VAT paid on taxable purchases against the output
VAT chargeable on the revenue from services provided. Regulations
Relating to Foreign Exchange and Dividend Distribution Foreign
Exchange Regulation The
principal regulations governing foreign currency exchange in China are the Foreign Exchange Administration Regulations. Under the PRC
foreign exchange regulations, payments of current account items, such as profit distributions and trade and service-related foreign exchange
transactions, may be made in foreign currencies without prior approval from State Administration of Foreign Exchange (“SAFE”)
by complying with certain procedural requirements. By contrast, approval from or registration with appropriate government authorities
is required where RMB is to be converted into foreign currency and remitted out of China to pay capital expenses such as the repayment
of foreign currency-denominated loans or foreign currency is to be remitted into China under the capital account, such as a capital increase
or foreign currency loans to our PRC subsidiaries. 22 In
November 2012, SAFE promulgated the Circular of Further Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange Administration Policies on Foreign Direct
Investment. Pursuant to this circular, the opening of various special purpose foreign exchange accounts, such as pre-establishment expenses
accounts, foreign exchange capital accounts and guarantee accounts, the reinvestment of RMB proceeds by foreign investors in the PRC,
and remittance of foreign exchange profits and dividends by a foreign-invested enterprise to its foreign shareholders no longer require
the approval or verification of SAFE, and multiple capital accounts for the same entity may be opened in different provinces, which was
not possible previously. In addition, SAFE promulgated the Circular on Printing and Distributing the Provisions on Foreign Exchange Administration
over Domestic Direct Investment by Foreign Investors and the Supporting Documents in May 2013, which specifies that the administration
by SAFE or its local branches over direct investment by foreign investors in the PRC shall be conducted by way of registration and banks
shall process foreign exchange business relating to the direct investment in the PRC based on the registration information provided by
SAFE and its branches.Furthermore, in February 2015, SAFE promulgated the Notice on Further Simplifying and Improving the Foreign Exchange
Management Policies for Direct Investment, or SAFE Circular 13, which took effect in June 2015. Pursuant to SAFE Circular 13, the administrative
approval requirements for foreign exchange registration under domestic direct investment and overseas direct investment have been canceled,
and qualified banks will directly examine and handle foreign exchange registration under domestic direct investment and overseas direct
investment, while SAFE and its branches indirectly supervise the foreign exchange registration via banks. We
typically do not need to use our offshore foreign currency to fund our PRC operations. In the event we need to do so, we will complete
the relevant registrations with qualified banks or apply to obtain the relevant approvals of SAFE and other PRC government authorities
as necessary. SAFE
Circular 37 SAFE
promulgated the Circular on Relevant Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Control on Domestic Residents’ Offshore Investment and
Financing and Roundtrip Investment through Special Purpose Vehicles, or SAFE Circular 37, on July 4, 2014, which replaced the former
circular commonly known as “SAFE Circular 75” promulgated by SAFE on October 21, 2005. SAFE Circular 37 requires PRC residents
to register with local branches of SAFE in connection with their direct establishment or indirect control of an offshore entity, for
the purpose of overseas investment and financing, with such PRC residents’ legally owned assets or equity interests in domestic
enterprises or offshore assets or interests, referred to in SAFE Circular 37 as a “special purpose vehicle.” SAFE Circular
37 further requires amendment to the registration in the event of any significant changes with respect to the special purpose vehicle,
such as increase or decrease of capital contributed by PRC individuals, share transfer or exchange, merger, division or other material
event. In the event that a PRC shareholder holding interests in a special purpose vehicle fails to fulfill the required SAFE registration,
the PRC subsidiaries of that special purpose vehicle may be prohibited from making profit distributions to the offshore parent and from
carrying out subsequent cross-border foreign exchange activities, and the special purpose vehicle may be restricted in its ability to
contribute additional capital into its PRC subsidiary. Furthermore, failure to comply with the various SAFE registration requirements
described above could result in liability under PRC law for evasion of foreign exchange controls. We
have notified substantial beneficial owners of common stock who we know are PRC residents of their filing obligation. However, we may
not be aware of the identities of all our beneficial owners who are PRC residents. In addition, we do not have control over our beneficial
owners and cannot assure you that all of our PRC resident beneficial owners will comply with SAFE Circular 37. The failure of our beneficial
owners who are PRC residents to register or amend their SAFE registrations in a timely manner pursuant to SAFE Circular 37 or the failure
of future beneficial owners of our company who are PRC residents to comply with the registration procedures set forth in SAFE Circular
37 may subject such beneficial owners or our PRC subsidiaries to fines and legal sanctions. Failure to register or amend the registration
may also limit our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries or receive dividends or other distributions from
our PRC subsidiaries or other proceeds from disposal of our PRC subsidiaries, or we may be penalized by SAFE. Share
Option Rules Under
the Administration Measures on Individual Foreign Exchange Control issued by the PBOC on December 25, 2006, all foreign exchange matters
involved in employee share ownership plans and share option plans in which PRC citizens participate require approval from SAFE or its
authorized branch. Pursuant to SAFE Circular 37, PRC residents who participate in share incentive plans in overseas non-publicly-listed
companies may submit applications to SAFE or its local branches for the foreign exchange registration with respect to offshore special
purpose companies. In addition, under the Notices on Issues concerning the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic Individuals Participating
in Share Incentive Plans of Overseas Publicly-Listed Companies, or the Share Option Rules, issued by SAFE on February 15, 2012, PRC residents
who are granted shares or share options by companies listed on overseas stock exchanges under share incentive plans are required to (i)
register with SAFE or its local branches, (ii) retain a qualified PRC agent, which may be a PRC subsidiary of the overseas listed company
or another qualified institution selected by the PRC subsidiary, to conduct the SAFE registration and other procedures with respect to
the share incentive plans on behalf of the participants, and (iii) retain an overseas institution to handle matters in connection with
their exercise of share options, purchase and sale of shares or interests and funds transfers. 23 Regulation
of Dividend Distribution The
principal laws, rules and regulations governing dividend distribution by foreign-invested enterprises in the PRC are the Company Law
of the PRC, as amended, the Wholly Foreign-owned Enterprise Law and its implementation regulations and the Chinese-foreign Equity Joint
Venture Law and its implementation regulations. Under these laws, rules and regulations, foreign-invested enterprises may pay dividends
only out of their accumulated profit, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Both PRC domestic
companies and wholly-foreign owned PRC enterprises are required to set aside as general reserves at least 10% of their after-tax profit,
until the cumulative amount of such reserves reaches 50% of their registered capital. A PRC company is not permitted to distribute any
profits until any losses from prior fiscal years have been offset. Profits retained from prior fiscal years may be distributed together
with distributable profits from the current fiscal year. Regulations
on Mergers & Acquisitions and Overseas Listings On
August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, including the CSRC, MOFCOM, the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission,
the SAT, the State Administration of Industry and Commerce and SAFE, adopted the M&A Rules, which became effective on September 8,
2006, and were amended on June 22, 2009. Foreign investors shall comply with the M&A Rules when they purchase equity interests of
a domestic company or subscribe the increased capital of a domestic company, and thus changing the nature of the domestic company into
a foreign-invested enterprise, when the foreign investors establish a foreign-invested enterprise in the PRC, purchase the assets of
a domestic company and operate the assets, or when the foreign investors purchase the assets of a domestic company, establish a foreign-invested
enterprise by injecting such assets, and operate the assets. As for merger and acquisition of a domestic company with a related party
relationship by a domestic company, enterprise or natural person in the name of an overseas company legitimately incorporated or controlled
by the domestic company, enterprise of natural person, such merger and acquisition shall be subject to examination and approval of MOFCOM.
The parties involved shall not use domestic investment by foreign investment enterprises or other methods to circumvent the requirement
of examination and approval. Pursuant
to the Manual of Guidance on Administration for Foreign Investment Access, which was issued and became effective on December 18, 2008
by MOFCOM, notwithstanding the fact that (i) the domestic shareholder is connected with the foreign investor or not, or (ii) the foreign
investor is the existing shareholder or the new investor, the M&A Rules shall not apply to the transfer of an equity interest in
an incorporated foreign-invested enterprise from the domestic shareholder to the foreign investor. On
July 6, 2021, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the General Office of the State Council
jointly issued the Opinions. The Opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal securities activities and
the supervision on overseas listings by China-based companies. The Opinions proposed to take effective measures, such as promoting the
construction of relevant regulatory systems, to deal with the risks and incidents facing China-based overseas-listed companies and the
demand for cybersecurity and data privacy protection. On
February 17, 2023, the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, announced the Circular on the Administrative Arrangements
for Filing of Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, or the Circular, and released a set of new regulations which consists
of the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies, or the Trial Measures, and five
supporting guidelines. On the same date, the CSRC also released the Notice on the Arrangements for the Filing Management of Overseas
Listing of Domestic Companies, or the Notice. The Trial Measures came into effect on March 31, 2023. The Trial Measures refine the regulatory
system by subjecting both direct and indirect overseas offering and listing activities to the CSRC filing-based administration. Requirements
for filing entities, time points and procedures are specified. A PRC domestic company that seeks to offer and list securities in overseas
markets shall fulfill the filing procedure with the CSRC per the requirements of the Trial Measures. Where a PRC domestic company seeks
to indirectly offer and list securities in overseas markets, the issuer shall designate a major domestic operating entity, which shall,
as the domestic responsible entity, file with the CSRC. The Trial Measures also lay out requirements for the reporting of material events.
Breaches of the Trial Measures, such as offering and listing securities overseas without fulfilling the filing procedures, shall bear
legal liabilities, including a fine between RMB 1.0 million (approximately $150,000) and RMB 10.0 million (approximately $1.5 million),
and the Trial Measures increase the cost for offenders by enforcing accountability with administrative penalties and incorporating the
compliance status of relevant market participants into the Securities Market Integrity Archives. 24 According
to the Circular, since the date of effectiveness of the Trial Measures on March 31, 2023, PRC domestic enterprises falling within the
scope of filing that have been listed overseas or met the following circumstances are “existing enterprises”: before the
effectiveness of the Trial Measures on March 31, 2023, the application for indirect overseas issuance and listing has been approved by
the overseas regulators or overseas stock exchanges (such as the registration statement has become effective on the U.S. market), it
is not required to perform issuance and listing supervision procedures of the overseas regulators or overseas stock exchanges, and the
overseas issuance and listing will be completed by September 30, 2023. Existing enterprises are not required to file with the CSRC immediately,
and filings with the CSRC should be made as required if they involve refinancings and other filing matters. PRC domestic enterprises
that have submitted valid applications for overseas issuance and listing but have not been approved by overseas regulatory authorities
or overseas stock exchanges at the date of effectiveness of the Trial Measures on March 31, 2023 can reasonably arrange the timing of
filing applications with the CSRC and shall complete the filing with the CSRC before the overseas issuance and listing. In
addition, an overseas-listed company must also submit the filing with respect to its follow-on offerings, issuance of convertible corporate
bonds and exchangeable bonds, and other equivalent offering activities, within the time frame specified by the Trial Measures. It
is the opinion of our PRC counsel, Jiangsu Junjin Law Firm, that because the Company is not a company registered and formed in the territory
of China, its continued listing on Nasdaq and future offerings are not “direct overseas offering and listing of domestic enterprises”
as defined under the Trial Measures. Furthermore, according to Article 2 of the Trial Measures, the “indirect overseas offering
and listing of domestic enterprises” refers to the overseas offering and listing of enterprises whose main business activities
are in China, in the name of enterprises registered overseas, which offering and listing are based on the equity, assets, income or other
similar rights and interests of the domestic enterprises. According to Article 15 of the Trial Measures, if the issuer meets both of
the following conditions, the overseas offerings and listings shall be determined as an “indirect overseas offering and listing
of domestic enterprises”: (i) 50% or more of the issuer’s operating revenue, total profit, total assets or net assets as
documented in its audited consolidated financial statements for the most recent accounting year is accounted for by domestic enterprises;
and; (ii) its major operational activities are carried out in China or its main places of business are located in China, or the senior
managers in charge of its business operation and management are mostly Chinese citizens or domiciled in China. The
Company does not meet both the requirements under Article 15 of the Trial Measures and therefore its continued listing on Nasdaq and
future offerings are not an “Indirect overseas offering and listing of domestic enterprises”, considering that (i) the operating
income and total profit of the Company’s subsidiaries that were established in China for the year ended December 31, 2023 do not
account for more than 50% of the operating income and total profit in our consolidated financial statements for the same period, (ii)
our main business is not conducted within China, and (iii) the majority of our senior management personnel are not Chinese citizens or
reside in China on a regular basis. Therefore, it is the opinion of our PRC counsel, Jiangsu Junjin Law Firm, that we are not required
to complete the record filing requirement under the Trial Measures. However, if we inadvertently conclude that such filing procedures
are not required, or applicable laws, regulations, or interpretations change such that we are required to complete the filing procedures
in the future, we may be subject to investigations by the regulators, fines or penalties, ordered to suspend our relevant operations
and rectify any non-compliance, prohibited from engaging in relevant business or conducting any offering, and these risks could result
in a material adverse change in our operations and/or the value of our common stock, and could significantly limit or completely hinder
our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors, or cause such securities to significantly decline in value or become
worthless. On
February 24, 2023, the CSRC, together with the MOF, National Administration of State Secrets Protection and National Archives Administration
of China, revised the Provisions issued by the CSRC and National Administration of State Secrets Protection and National Archives Administration
of China in 2009. The revised Provisions were issued under the title the “Provisions on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives
Administration of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies,” and came into effect on March 31, 2023 together
with the Trial Measures. One of the major revisions to the revised Provisions is expanding their application to cover indirect overseas
offering and listing, as is consistent with the Trial Measures. The revised Provisions require that, among other things, (a) a domestic
company that plans to, either directly or indirectly through its overseas listed entity, publicly disclose or provide to relevant individuals
or entities, including securities companies, securities service providers, and overseas regulators, any documents and materials that
contain state secrets or working secrets of government agencies, shall first obtain approval from competent authorities according to
law, and file with the secrecy administrative department at the same level; and (b) a domestic company that plans to, either directly
or indirectly through its overseas listed entity, publicly disclose or provide to relevant individuals and entities, including securities
companies, securities service providers, and overseas regulators, any other documents and materials that, if leaked, will be detrimental
to national security or public interest, shall strictly fulfill relevant procedures stipulated by applicable national regulations. Any
failure or perceived failure by our Company or our subsidiaries, to comply with the above confidentiality and archives administration
requirements under the revised Provisions and other PRC laws and regulations may result in the relevant entities being held legally liable
by competent authorities, and referred to the judicial organ to be investigated for criminal liability if suspected of committing a crime. 25 Regulation
on Cybersecurity Review On
December 28, 2021, the CAC, the NDRC, and several other administrations jointly issued the revised Measures for Cybersecurity Review,
or the Revised Review Measures, which became effective and has replaced the existing Measures for Cybersecurity Review on February 15,
2022. According to the Revised Review Measures, if an “online platform operator” that is in possession of personal data of
more than one million users intends to list in a foreign country, it must apply for a cybersecurity review. Based on a set of Q&A
published on the official website of the State Cipher Code Administration in connection with the issuance of the Revised Review Measures,
an official of the said administration indicated that an online platform operator should apply for a cybersecurity review prior to the
submission of its listing application with non-PRC securities regulators. As the interpretation and implementation of the Revised Review
Measures are continuously evolving, uncertainties exist with respect to their application in specific practices. For example, it is unclear
whether the requirement of cybersecurity review applies to follow-on offerings by an “online platform operator” that is in
possession of personal data of more than one million users where the offshore holding company of such operator is already listed overseas.
Furthermore, on September 24, 2024, the State Council promulgated the Regulations on the Network Data Security Management (the “Data
Security Management Regulations”), which became effective on January 1, 2025. Pursuant to the Data Security Management Regulations,
network data processing activities refer to activities such as the collection, storage, use, processing, transmission, provision, disclosure,
and deletion of data. Network data processors refer to individuals or organizations that independently determine the purposes and methods
of data processing activities. Network data processors conducting any data processing activities that affect or may affect national security
shall undergo national security review in accordance with relevant national regulations. Where it is indeed necessary to transfer any
important data collected and generated within the territory of the PRC to an overseas party, the security assessment of outbound data
transfer organized by the national cyberspace administration department shall be passed. It
is the opinion of our PRC counsel, Jiangsu Junjin Law Firm, that we will not be subject to cybersecurity review with the CAC, given that:
(i) Shanghai Xianzhui does not possess and does not anticipate that it will possess a large amount of personal information in our business
operations, (ii) data processed in Shanghai Xianzhui’s business does not have a bearing on national security and thus may not be
classified as core or important data by the authorities, and (iii) any cross-border data transfers conducted in our ordinary course of
business fall under the exemptions provided by the Provisions on Promoting and Regulating Cross-Border Data Flows. In addition, for the
same reasons, we are not subject to network data security review by the CAC pursuant to the Data Security Management Regulations. However,
the definition of “network platform operator” is unclear and it is also unclear on how it will be interpreted and implemented
by the relevant PRC governmental authorities. See “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, to process and store sensitive data, including confidential research, business plans, financial information, intellectual
property, and personal data of ours and our customers that may be subject to legal protection, and promote the continuity of our Company’s
business operations. In the ordinary course of our business, we receive, process, use, store, and share digitally certain data, including
user data as well as confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and personal information. Maintaining
the integrity and availability of our IT systems and this information, as well as appropriate limitations on access and confidentiality
of such information, is important to our operations and business strategy. We plan to develop and implement information securities policies
and incident response plans to evaluate, identify , and handle material risks associated with cybersecurity threats. As
of December 31, 2025, we have not identified any risks from known cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity
incidents, that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of
operations or financial condition. However, we face certain ongoing cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to
materially affect us. Additional information on cybersecurity risks we face is discussed in Part I,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components of the Company’s cash flows For the Years Ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. For the Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 Net cash used in operating activities $ (6,844,724 ) $ (5,680,146 ) Net cash used in investing activities - (650,000 ) Net cash provided by financing activities 7,278,172 1,180,018 Effect of exchange rate change on cash and cash equivalents 55 (2,852 ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents $ 433,503 $ (5,152,980 ) As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company had cash in the amount of $456,041 and $22,538, respectively. As of December 31, 2025 and
2024, $3,305 and $3,267 were deposited with one financial institution located in the PRC, respectively. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024,
$452,736 and $19,271 were deposited with one financial institution located in the United States, respectively. Operating
activities Net
cash used in operating activities was approximately $6.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to approximately $5.7
million net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2024. Net loss for the year ended December 31, 2025
was approximately $186.9 million, as compared to approximately $14.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2024. Adjustments to
reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities increased by approximately $173.9 million, mainly due to the increase in
unrealized loss on fair value changes of digital assets. Investing
activities Net
cash used in investing activities was nil for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to approximately $0.7 million for the year
ended December 31, 2024, representing a decrease of approximately $0.7 million. The decrease was mainly due to the absence of loan
to a third party for the year ended December 31, 2025. Financing
activities Net
cash provided by financing activities was approximately $7.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared to approximately
$1.2 million net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2024. Net cash provided by financing activities
increased by approximately $6.1 million, due to proceeds from issuance of comment stock and prefunded warrants during year 2025. Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Disclosure
in response to this Item is not required for a smaller reporting company. Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Reference
is made to Pages F-1 through F-27 comprising a portion of this Report on Form 10-K. 63 Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure On
January 29, 2026, with the approval of the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee, the Company terminated HTL International, LLC
(‘HTL’) and engaged GGF CPA LTD (‘GGF’) as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2025, effective immediately. The audit reports of HTL on the Company’s financial statements as of December 31, 2024 and 2023, and
for the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, did not contain any adverse opinion or disclaimer of opinion, nor were such reports qualified
or modified as to uncertainty, audit scope or accounting principles, except that such opinions disclosed an uncertainty of the Company
to continue as a going concern. During the relevant periods and through January 29, 2026, the Company had no disagreements with HTL on
any matter of accounting principles or practices, financial statement disclosure, or auditing scope or procedure, and there were no reportable
events within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K, except that the audit reports disclosed an uncertainty of the Company
to continue as a going concern. During
the relevant periods and through January 29, 2026, neither the Company nor anyone on its behalf consulted GGF regarding either (i) the
application of accounting principles to a specified transaction, either completed or proposed, or the type of audit opinion that might
be rendered on the Company’s consolidated financial statements, and neither a written report nor oral advice was provided to the
Company that GGF concluded was an important factor considered by the Company in reaching a decision as to the accounting, auditing or
financial reporting issue; or (ii) any matter that was the subject of a ‘disagreement’ (within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(iv) of Regulation
S-K and the related instructions to that Item) or a ‘reportable event’ (within the meaning of Item 304(a)(1)(v) of Regulation S-K). Item
9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under
the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officers, President and Chief Financial Officer
(the “Certifying Officers”), we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure
controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this Report. Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports
filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC’s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including
our Certifying Officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management’s
Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As
required by the SEC rules and regulations for the implementation of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial reporting is
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial
statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAAP. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies
and procedures that: (1) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets
of our company, (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made
only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors, and (3) provide
reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could
have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 64 A
“material weakness” is defined under the SEC rules as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control
over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of a company’s annual or interim
financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by our internal controls. As a result of its review, management
concluded that we had material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting process consisting of the following: ● Inadequate
U.S. GAAP expertise. The current accounting staff is inexperienced in applying U.S. GAAP standard as they are primarily engaged in ensuring
compliance with PRC accounting and reporting requirement for our consolidated operating entities, and thus require substantial training.
The current staff’s accounting skills and understanding as to how to fulfill the requirements of U.S. GAAP-based reporting, including
subsidiary financial statements consolidation, are inadequate. ● No
formal plan to provide applicable training for our financial and accounting staff to enhance our understanding of U.S. GAAP and internal
control over financial reporting. Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our consolidated
financial statements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may
become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.
Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting on December 31, 2025. In making these assessments,
management used the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control
— Integrated Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal control over
financial reporting was not effective on December 31, 2025 due to the material weaknesses identified by our management as described above. Mana g ement
Plan to Remediate Material Weaknesses ● We
plan to engage outside consultant to supplement efforts to improve our internal control over financial reporting; ● We
plan to acquire applicable training for our financial and accounting staff to enhance our understanding of U.S. GAAP and internal control
over financial reporting Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) during the most recent fiscal year that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control
over financial reporting. Item
9B. Other Information None . Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections Not
applicable. 65 PART
III Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The
following table sets forth the name, age and position of each of our executive officers and directors as of the date of this Report: Name Age Position Xiao
    Jian Wang 37 Chief
    Executive Officer, President, Chairman of the Board, and Director Zihao
    Zhao 31 Chief
    Financial Officer and Director Lu
    Cai 35 Chief
    Operating Officer Lei
    Zhang (1)(2)(3) 36 Director,
    Chairman of the Compensation Committee Shuaiheng
    Zhang (1)(2)(3) 62 Director,
    Chairman of the Audit Committee Yun
    Zhang (1)(2)(3) 38 Director,
    Chairman of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (1) Member
of our Audit Committee (2) Member
of our Compensation Committee (3) Member
of our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Business
Experience and Directorships The
following describes the backgrounds of the director. Our board of directors has determined that (a) other than Messrs. Xiao Jian Wang
and Zihao Zhao, all of our directors are independent directors as defined under the Nasdaq Stock Market’s listing standards governing
members of boards of directors, and (b) the members of our Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee are independent under applicable SEC rules. Xiao
Jian Wang. Mr. Xiao Jian Wang was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer, President, Chairman
of the Board and a director of the Company, effective April 21, 2023. Mr. Xiao Jian Wang was the Vice President of Business
Development at Foregrowth Inc. in Vancouver, Canada, where he formulated and executed comprehensive business plans, achieving defined
sales targets and driving market expansion, conducted training sessions for financial advisors, equipping them with in-depth knowledge
of compliance requirements, market insights, and product features, and conducted extensive research and due diligence on potential alternative
investment opportunities, resulting in successful acquisitions and partnerships. Prior to that, Mr. Wang was a Private Banking Consultant
and an Interbank Commercial Paper Trader at China Minsheng Bank in Chongqing, China. We believe Mr. Wang is well-qualified to
serve as a member of our board due to his in-depth knowledge and experience in asset management and investment, and his experience
in management. Zihao
Zhao. Mr. Zihao Zhao was appointed as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective April 21,
2023. Mr. Zhao was a senior audit assistant at PricewaterhouseCoopers, PWC, Shanghai from 2016 to 2019. Mr. Zhao
received his Bachelor of Science in Taxation degree from Shanghai Lixin University of Accounting and Finance in 2016. We believe Mr. Zhao
is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board due to his expertise in accounting. Ms.
Lu Cai. Ms. Lu Cai was appointed as the Chief Operating Officer of the Company, effective February 9, 2023.
Ms. Lu Cai has over 10 years of extensive experience in financial management and consulting. Since July 2020, Ms. Lu Cai has been the
Chief Executive Officer of Beijing Boda Shengshi Financial Consulting Co., Ltd, a firm that offers initial public offering and pre-marketing
consulting services in China. From July 2017 to May 2020, Ms. Lu Cai was a Vice President of SINO-TONE Beijing Consulting Co., Ltd, a
consulting firm based in Beijing, China. Ms. Lu Cai graduated from Beijing Foreign Studies University. Lei
Zhang. Mr. Zhang was appointed as a director, chair of the Compensation Committee, and a member of the
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Audit Committee of the Company, effective on April 26,
2024. Mr. Lei Zhang has more than 10 years of experience in accounting. Since 2018, he holds the position of Assistant Professor
of Accounting at Simon Fraser University. His research contributions have been recognized, including receiving the Vanderbilt Music City
Accounting Research Conference Best Paper Award in June 2022. Mr. Lei Zhang’s teaching experience spans courses such
as Business Ethics and Corporate Social Responsibility, Introduction to Managerial Accounting, and Intermediate Managerial Accounting.
His academic journey reflects a commitment to excellence and a passion for advancing accounting knowledge. Mr. Lei Zhang earned
his Ph.D. in Accounting from the University of British Columbia in 2018. We believe Mr. Zhang is well-qualified to serve as
a member of our board due to his experience in the accounting industry. 66 Shuaiheng
Zhang. Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang was appointed as a director and a member of the Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Audit Committee of the Company, effective February 9, 2023. Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang,
has more than 40 years of working experience in management. Since September 2019, Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang has been the general
manager at Sunwoda Huizhou New Energy Co., Ltd., a high-tech enterprise with research and development, design, production and sale
of lithium-ion battery cell and module and a wholly owned subsidiary of Sunwoda Electronic Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Growth
Enterprise Market of Shenzhen Stock Exchange since 2011. From October 1994 to July 2013, Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang was the general
manager and vice chairman of the board at Shenzhen SEG Co., Ltd., a company listed on the main board of Shenzhen Stock Exchange that
are engaged in development of electronic information industry and electronic product trading market. From July 2013 to December 2015,
Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang was the vice general manager at Shenzhen SI Semiconductors Co., Ltd., a power semiconductor device manufacturer.
From December 2015 to September 2019, Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang was the general manager and chairman of the board of Shenzhen
SEG Longyan Energy Technology CO., Ltd., a subsidiary of Shenzhen SEG Co., Ltd. Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang received his bachelor degree
In mechanical engineering from Xidian University and his master degree in computer science from Tsinghua University. Mr. Zhang has
more than 40 years of working experience in management. We believe Mr. Zhang is well-qualified to serve as a member of
our board due to his extensive management experience. Yun
Zhang. Mr. Yun Zhang was appointed as a director, chair of the Nominating Committee, and a member of
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Audit Committee of the Company, effective on April 26,
2024. Mr. Yun Zhang has extensive experience across various roles, currently serves as a Consultant at China Machinery Engineering
Corporation in Vancouver since September 2018. In this capacity, Mr. Yun Zhang is responsible for promoting and negotiating
projects with local companies on behalf of the Chinese State-Owned Company. Prior to this, from September 2017 to September 2018,
Mr. Yun Zhang held the position of Purchasing Manager at Homemax Building Supplies Inc., Vancouver, where he implemented annual
purchasing plans, managed contracts, and ensured optimal inventory levels. Earlier in their career, from January 2015 to September 2017,
Mr. Yun Zhang served as the Accountant Manager at China GEZHOUBA Group Company Limited in Wuhan, China. In this role, he focused
on generating comprehensive reporting packages, including business performance results, and compiled reviewed financial data for effective
projections. Mr. Yun Zhang’s diverse professional journey spans different industries and responsibilities, showcasing their
adaptability and expertise. Mr. Yun Zhang earned his bachelor’s degree in Accounting from the University of Adelaide in 2011.
We believe Mr. Zhang is well-qualified to serve as a member of our board due to his extensive management experience. No
Classification of Directors In
accordance with our existing charter, our board of directors is not divided into separate classes, and each director serves a one-year
term until the next annual meeting of stockholders or until such director’s successor is duly elected and qualified. Director
Independence Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent as long as we are not a controlled company. A majority
of our board of directors is independent. An “independent director” is defined under the Nasdaq rules generally as a person
other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion
of the company’s board of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out
the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Lei Zhang, Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang and Mr. Yun Zhang are
“independent directors” as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors have
regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Leadership
Structure and Risk Oversight The
board of directors does not have a lead independent director. Currently Mr. Xiao Jian Wang serves as our Chief Executive Officer, President
and Chairman of the Board. Committees
of the Board of Directors The
standing committees of our board of directors consist of an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee, and a Nominating and Corporate
Governance Committee. Each of the committees will report to the board of directors as they deem appropriate and as the board may request. Audit
Committee Our
Audit Committee currently consists of Mr. Lei Zhang, Mr. Yun Zhang, and Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang, with Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang serving as the
chairman of the Audit Committee. We believe that each of these individuals qualifies as an independent director according to the rules
and regulations of the SEC with respect to audit committee membership. We also believe that Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang qualifies as our “audit
committee financial expert,” as such term is defined in Item 401(h) of Regulation S-K. Our board of directors has adopted a written
charter for the Audit Committee, which is attached as an exhibit to this Report. 67 The
audit committee’s duties, which are specified in our Audit Committee Charter, include, but are not limited to: ● reviewing
and discussing with management and the independent auditor our annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the board whether
the audited financial statements should be included in our Form 10-K; ● discussing
with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation
of our financial statements; ● discussing
with management major risk assessment and risk management policies; ● monitoring
the independence of the independent auditor; ● verifying
the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible
for reviewing the audit as required by law; ● reviewing
and approving all related-party transactions; ● inquiring
and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; ● pre-approving
all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services
to be performed; ● appointing
or replacing the independent auditor; ● determining
the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the
independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; ● establishing
procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or
reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; and Compensation
Committee Our
Compensation Committee currently consists of Mr. Lei Zhang, Mr. Yun Zhang, and Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang, with Mr. Lei Zhang serving as the
chairman of the Compensation Committee. We anticipate that each of the members of our Compensation Committee will be independent under
the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. Our board of directors has adopted a written charter for the Compensation Committee, which is
attached as an exhibit to this Report. The
compensation committee’s duties, which are specified in our Compensation Committee Charter, include, but not limited to: ● reviewing
and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer’s compensation, evaluating
our Chief Executive Officer’s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
(if any) of our Chief Executive Officer’s based on such evaluation; ● reviewing
and approving the compensation of all of our other executive officers; ● reviewing
our executive compensation policies and plans; ● implementing
and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; ● assisting
management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; ● approving
all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and
employees; 68 ● producing
a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and ● reviewing,
evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee Our
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee is responsible for, among other matters: (1) identifying individuals qualified to become
members of our board of directors, consistent with criteria approved by our board of directors; (2) overseeing the organization of our
board of directors to discharge the board’s duties and responsibilities properly and efficiently; (3) identifying best practices
and recommending corporate governance principles; and (4) developing and recommending to our board of directors a set of corporate governance
guidelines and principles applicable to us. Our
Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee currently consists of Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang, Mr. Yun Zhang and Mr. Lei Zhang, with Mr. Yun
Zhang serving as the chairman of the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee. We anticipate that each of the members of our Corporate
Governance and Nominating Committee will be independent under the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. Our board of directors has adopted
a written charter for the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee, which is available on our corporate website at www.gdculturegroup.com. Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None
of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation
committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Delinquent
Section 16(a) Reports Section
16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than
ten percent of our common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also
required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such Forms, during the year ended
December 31, 2025 and the period from January 1, 2026 until the date of this Report, all of the directors and officers filed the required
Section 16 reports on time. We believe with respect to share exchange transaction during our fiscal year 2025, due to administrative oversight, the Form 4 for each
of our 10% stockholders, Yan Wang and Qing Wang, to report such transaction that occurred in October 2025, were not filed on a timely
basis. Code
of Ethics We
have adopted a Code of Ethics that applies to all of our employees, including our chief executive officer, chief financial officer and
principal accounting officer. Our Code of Ethics is attached as an exhibit to this Report. If we amend or grant a waiver of one or more
of the provisions of our Code of Ethics, we intend to satisfy the requirements under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding the disclosure of
amendments to or waivers from provisions of our Code of Ethics that apply to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer
and principal accounting officer by posting the required information on our website at the above address. Item
11. Executive Compensation The
following table provides disclosure concerning all compensation paid for services to GDC in all capacities for our fiscal years ended
December 31, 2025 and 2024 provided by (i) each person serving as our principal executive officer (“PEO”), (ii) each person
serving as our principal financial officer (“PFO”) and (iii) our two most highly compensated executive officers other than
our PEO and PFO whose total compensation exceeded $100,000 (collectively with the PEO, referred to as the “named executive officers”
in this Executive Compensation section). Summary
Compensation Table Name and Principal
    Position Fiscal Year Salary ($) Bonus ($) Stock Awards ($) Option Awards ($) Other Compensation ($) Total ($) Xiao Jian Wang 2025 50,000 - - - - 50,000 (CEO, President, Chairman of the Board, and Director) 2024 50,000 - - - - 50,000 Zihao Zhao 2025 77,036 77,036 (CFO) 2024 30,000 - - - - 30,000 Cai Lu 2025 - - - - - - (COO) 2024 - - - - - - 69 Grants
of Plan Based Awards in the Fiscal Year Ended December 31, 2025 During
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025, no shares of Common Stock were granted to our officers and directors under the equity incentive
plans. Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End None. Employment
Contracts, Termination of Employment, Change-in-Control Arrangements We
have entered into employment agreements with each of our executive officers, respectively, (each an “Employment Agreement,”
collectively, the “Employment Agreements”). Under these agreements, each of our executive officers is employed for a specified
time period. We may terminate employment for cause, at any time, without advance notice or remuneration, for certain acts of the executive
officer, such as conviction or plea of guilty to a crime, or misconduct or a failure to perform agreed duties. The executive officer
may resign at any time with a three-month advance written notice. The
officers also agreed to enter into additional confidential information and invention assignment agreements and are subject to certain
non-compete and non-solicitation restrictions for a period of one year following termination. Director
Compensation The
following table represents compensation earned by our non-executive directors in 2025. Name Fees earned in cash ($) Stock awards ($) Option awards ($) All other compensation ($) Total ($) Lei Zhang (1) Yun Zhang (2) Shuaiheng Zhang (3) (1) Mr.
Lei Zhang was appointed as a director of the Company, effective April 26, 2024. (2) Mr.
Yun Zhang was appointed as a director of the Company, effective April 26, 2024. (3) Shuaiheng
Zhang was appointed as a director of the Company, effective February 9, 2023. Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The
following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of March 27, 2026 based on information
obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of shares of our common stock, by: ● each
person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our outstanding shares of common stock; ● each
of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns shares of our common stock; and ● all
our executive officers and directors as a group. 70 Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares
of common stock beneficially owned by them. The
percentage ownership information shown in the table below is based on that there were 60,759,711 shares of common stock outstanding as
of March 27, 2026. Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is 111 Town Square Place,
Suite #1203, Jersey City, NJ 07310. Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership Percent of Class Directors and Named Executive Officers Xiao Jian Wang, Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board — — Zihao Zhao, Chief Financial Officer — — Lu Cai, Chief Operating Officer — — Lei Zhang, Director — — Shuaiheng Zhang, Director — — Yun Zhang, Director — — All officers and directors as a group (6 persons): — — 5% Beneficial Owner None Changes
in Control There
has been no change in control during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. Item
                                            13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Certain
Relationships and Related Transactions The
balances due to related parties as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 were presented in “Other payables – related parties”
in the consolidated balance sheets. The details are set out below: Name
    of related party Relationship Nature December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Xiaojian
    Wang Chief
    Executive Officer Accrued
    compensations $ 100,000 $ 50,000 Xiaojian
    Wang Chief
    Executive Officer Interest-free
    loans to the Company* - 349,485 Xiaojian
    Wang Chief
    Executive Officer Invoices
    paid on behalf of the Company 2,150 50,000 Zihao
    Zhao Chief
    Finance Officer Accrued
    compensations 60,833 50,833 Zihao
    Zhao Chief
    Finance Officer Reimbursement 2,033 1,948 Total $ 165,016 $ 502,266 * From September 2024 to March 2025, Mr. Xiaojian Wang, the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company (“CEO”), lent $399,485 to the Company through six loan agreements, for working capital purposes. Pursuant
to the loan agreements, these loans are non-interest bearing and are due from September 2025 to January 2026, respectively. From March
2025 to May 2025, the Company repaid $399,485 in full to the CEO. 71 Related
Party Transaction As disclosed in Note 1, the Company purchased 100% equity interest
of Pallas from the Sellers, on September 29, 2025. Two shareholders of the Company, who beneficially own 12.86%, in the aggregate, of
the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, immediately before the execution of the Transaction, also serve as the directors
and share voting and dispositive power over the shares issued by the Target. Accordingly, the Pallas Transaction constitutes a related
party transaction for the Company pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K. As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the balance of other payables - related parties were $165,016 and $502,266, respectively, mainly consisted
of accrued compensation of the Company’s officers, interest - free loans received from the Company’s officers and operating
related fees paid by the Company’s officer on behalf of the Company. As of December 31, 2025, the interest-free loans received
from the Company’s officers were fully repaid. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded
compensation expenses to its officers amounted to $127,036 and $80,000, respectively, for their services provided to the Company. Director
Independence Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An “independent director” is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company’s board of directors, would interfere with the director’s exercise of independent judgment
in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Shuaiheng Zhang, Mr. Lei Zhang and
Mr. Yun Zhang are “independent directors” as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent
directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Item
14 . Principal Accountant Fees and Services. GGF
was appointed by the Company to serve as its independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year ended December 31, 2025. HTL
International, LLC (the “HTL”) was appointed by the Company to serve as its independent registered public accounting firm
for fiscal year ended December 31, 2024. Audit
Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and
services that are normally provided by our auditors in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by GGF for professional
services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2025 totaled $210,000. The aggregate
fees billed by HTL for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information
included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the years ended December 31, 2025 and
2024 totaled $60,000 and $180,000, respectively. Audit-Related
Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance
of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under “Audit Fees.” These services include attest
services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. During
the year ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, we did not pay GGF or HTL for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting
standards. Tax
Fees . We did not pay GGF or HTL for tax services for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. All
Other Fees . We did not pay GGF or HTL for other services for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. Pre-Approval
Policy Our
audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our initial public offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve
all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board
of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve
all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject
to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to
the completion of the audit). 72 PART
IV Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules (a)
The following documents are filed as part of this Report: (1)  Financial
Statements (2) Financial
Statements Schedule All
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are not applicable or the amounts are immaterial and not required, or the required
information is presented in the financial statements and notes thereto in Item 15 of Part IV below. (3)
 Exhibits We
hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference
can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington D.C.
20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 73 EXHIBIT
INDEX Exhibit Number Description of Document 2.1 Share Exchange Agreement, dated September 10, 2025, by and among GD Culture Group Limited, Pallas Capital Holding Ltd and the shareholders of Pallas Capital Holding Ltd , filed as exhibit 2.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on September 16, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference 3.1 Articles of Incorporation, filed as exhibit 3.1 to the registration statement on Form S-1 filed on May 10, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, filed as exhibit 3.2 to the registration statement on Form S-1 filed on May 10, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Articles of Incorporation, filed as exhibit 3.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on May 18, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference 3.4 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on November 8, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 3.5 Certificate of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation, filed as exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on January 10, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 3.6 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws, filed as exhibit 3.2 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on January 10, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 4.1 Description of Securities, filed as exhibit 4.1 to the annual report on Form 10-K filed on March 18, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference 4.2 Form of Placement Agent Warrant, filed as exhibit 4.3 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on February 18, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference 4.3 Form of Placement Agent Warrant, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on May 17, 2023 and incorporate herein by reference 4.4 Form of Pre-funded Warrants, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the current report on Form 8-K filed on November 3, 2023 and incorporate herein by reference 10.1 Share Purchase Agreement by and among Makesi IoT Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd. and the shareholders of Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd., dated September 16, 2022, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on September 19, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 10.2 Technical Consultation and Service Agreement, by and between Makesi IoT Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd., dated September 16, 2022, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on October 5, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 10.3 Equity Pledge Agreement, by and among Makesi IoT Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd. and the shareholders of Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd., dated September 16, 2022, filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on October 5, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 10.4 Equity Option Agreement, by and among Makesi IoT Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd. and the shareholders of Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd., dated September 16, 2022, filed as exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on October 5, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 10.5 Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Support Agreement, by and among Makesi IoT Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd. and the shareholders of Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd., dated September 16, 2022, filed as exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on October 5, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 10.6 Agreement to Assign Technical Consultation and Service Agreement, by and between Makesi IoT Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. and Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd., dated February 27, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on February 27, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.7 Agreement to Assign Equity Pledge Agreement, by and among Makesi IoT Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd. and the shareholders of Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd.,  dated February 27, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on February 27, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.8 Agreement to Assign Equity Option Agreement, by and among Makesi IoT Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd. and the shareholders of Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd., dated February 27, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on February 27, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 74 10.9 Agreement to Assign Voting Rights Proxy and Financial Support Agreement, by and among Makesi IoT Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd. and the shareholders of Shanghai Highlight Media Co., Ltd., dated February 27, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on February 27, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.10 Termination Agreement by and among Makesi IoT Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., Sichuan Wuge Network Games Co., Ltd. and the shareholders of Sichuan Wuge Network Games Co., Ltd., dated September 28, 2022, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on September 30, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference 10.11 Director Offer Letter to Shuaiheng Zhang, dated February 9, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on February 9, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.12 Form of Placement Agency Agreement, dated May 1, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on May 4, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.13 Form of RD Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and certain Purchasers, dated May 1, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on May 4, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.14 Form of PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and certain Purchasers, dated May 1, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on May 4, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.15 Form of Amendment to RD Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and certain Purchasers, dated May 16, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on May 17, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.16 Form of Amendment to PIPE Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and certain Purchasers, dated May 16, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on May 17, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.17 Employment agreement between GD Culture Group Limited and Xiao Jian Wang, dated April 21, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on April 21, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.18 Employment agreement between GD Culture Group Limited and Zihao Zhao, dated April 21, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on April 21, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.19 Software Purchase Agreement, dated June 22, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on June 27, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.20 Share Purchase Agreement, dated June 26, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on June 28, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.21 Termination Agreement, dated September 26, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on September 26, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.22 Equity Purchase Agreement, dated October 27, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on October 27, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.23 Placement Agency Agreement, dated November 1, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on November 3, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.24 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and certain Purchasers, dated October 31, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on November 3, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.25 Form of Amendment to the Securities Purchase Agreement, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on November 17, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.26 Warrant Exchange Agreement, dated November 1, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on November 3, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.27 Amended and Restated Equity Purchase Agreement, dated November 10, 2023, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on November 13, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference 10.28 Placement Agency Agreement, dated March 22, 2024, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on March 26, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference 10.29 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and certain Purchasers, dated March 22, 2024, filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on March 26, 2024 10.30 Director Offer Letter to Yun Zhang, dated April 26, 2024, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on April 26, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference 10.31 Director Offer Letter to Lei Zhang, dated April 26, 2024, filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on April 26, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference 75 10.32 Software Purchase Agreement between the Company and Shanxi Gangdong Cultural Media Co., Ltd. dated May 31, 2024, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on June 6, 2024 and incorporated herein as reference 10.33 At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated February 10, 2025, by and between the Company and Univest Securities, LLC, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on February 10, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference 10.34 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and certain Purchasers, dated March 4, 2025, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on March 7, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference 10.35 Placement Agency Agreement, dated March 4, 2025, by and between the Company and Univest Securities, LLC, filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on March 7, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference 10.36 Software Purchase Agreement, dated April 28, 2025, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on April 30, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference 10.37 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and certain Purchasers, dated May 2, 2025, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on May 6, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference 10.38 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and certain Investors, dated May 11, 2025, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on May 13, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference 1 0.39 Employment agreement between the Company and Zihao Zhao, dated June 27, 2025, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on On Julv 3, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference 10.40 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement between the Company and certain Purchasers, dated October 24, 2025, filed as exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on October 29, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference 10.41 Placement Agency Agreement, dated October 24, 2025, filed as exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of the Company filed on October 29, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference 14.1 Code of Business and Ethics, filed as exhibit 14.1 to the registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 16, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference 19.1 Insider Trading Policies, filed as exhibit 19.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed on April 2, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference 21.1 List of Subsidiaries, filed as exhibit 21.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed on April 2, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference 23.1* Consent of HTL International, LLC 23.2* Consent of GGF CPA LTD 23.3* Consent of Junjin Law Firm 31.1* Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 31.2* Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 32.1** Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by 18 U.S.C. 1350. 32.2** Certification of the Chief Financial Officer required by 18 U.S.C. 1350. 97.1 Policy Relating to Recovery of Erroneously Awarded Compensation, filed as exhibit 97.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company filed on April 2, 2024 and incorporated herein by reference 99.1 Form of Audit Committee Charter, filed as exhibit 99.1 to the registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 16, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference 99.2 Form of Compensation Committee Charter, filed as exhibit 99.2 to the registration statement on Form S-1 filed on June 16, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). * Filed herewith ** Furnished herewith Item
16. Form 10–K Summary None. 76 CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - GGF CPA LTD (PCAOB ID: 2729) F-2 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm - HTL International, LLC (PCAOB ID: 7000 ) F-3 Consolidated Financial Statements: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss for the Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders’ Equity for the Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-6 – F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 F-8 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-9 F- 1 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of GD Culture Group Limited Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheet of GD Culture Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries as of December 31, 2025, and the related consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31,
2025, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the
responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United
States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and
the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated
financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we
engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the
consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by
management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide
a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is
a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated
to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and
(2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter
in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. Existence and Rights to Digital Assets As described in Note 3 to the consolidated financial
statements, as of December 31, 2025, the Company recorded digital assets with a fair value of approximately $663 million, which were held
in a third-party custody wallet. We identified the evaluation of the existence
of and the Company’s rights to its digital assets as a critical audit matter due to the nature and extent of audit effort required
to address the matter, which includes a significant involvement of more experienced engagement team members. Subjective auditor judgment
was required in determining the nature and extent of audit procedures and the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained to test the digital
assets recognized by the Company. The following are the primary procedures we performed
to address this critical audit matter: we evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of certain internal controls over
the existence of the Company’s investment in digital assets and the Company’s rights over its investment in digital assets;
we reviewed the custodial agreement to obtain understanding of the Company’s rights and obligations in relation to the digital
assets held in custody; we evaluated the reliability of the third-party custodian, performed the reconciliation of digital assets per
the Company’s records to the custodial service ledgers and the public blockchain, and obtained confirmation of the Company’s
investment in digital assets held with the third-party custodian as of December 31, 2025, and compared the results of the confirmation
to the Company’s record; we also assessed the sufficiency of audit evidence obtained by evaluating the cumulative results of the
audit procedures. /s/ GGF CPA LTD We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2026. Guangzhou, the People’s Republic of China March 27, 2026 F- 2 REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of GD Culture Group Limited Opinion
on the Consolidated Financial Statements We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of GD Culture Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
as of December 31, 2024, and the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, changes in shareholders’
equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial
statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
the Company as of December 31, 2024 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2024, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”). Basis
for Opinion These
consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion
on the Company’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance
with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud.
The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part
of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ HTL International, LLC We have served as the Company’s auditor from 2023 to 2026. Houston, Texas March 17, 2025 F- 3 GD
CULTURE GROUP LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, 2025 2024 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 456,041 $ 22,538 Other receivables, net 41,803 9,195 Prepayments 331,588 - Total current assets 829,432 31,733 EQUIPMENT, NET 3,477 7,781 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS, NET 987,988 1,342,333 OTHER ASSETS Intangible assets, net 5,090,238 1,102,400 Other assets 250,740 250,740 Digital assets 662,996,878 - Total other assets 668,337,856 1,353,140 Total assets $ 670,158,753 $ 2,734,987 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES Other payables and accrued liabilities $ 507,745 $ 401,821 Other payables - related parties 165,016 502,266 Lease liabilities - current 353,648 427,984 Income tax payable 187,995 141,810 Total current liabilities 1,214,404 1,473,881 OTHER LIABILITIES Lease liabilities – non-current 781,216 1,104,552 Deferred tax liabilities 20,988 153,911 Total other liabilities 802,204 1,258,463 Total liabilities 2,016,608 2,732,344 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preferred stock, $ 0.0001 par value, 1,000,000,000 and 20,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively - - Common stock, $ 0.0001 par value, 10,000,000,000 and 200,000,000 shares authorized, 57,318,111 and 11,167,294 shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively 5,732 1,117 Additional paid-in capital 937,770,530 82,758,975 Accumulated deficit ( 270,071,082 ) ( 83,194,386 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income 152,627 152,585 Total GD Culture Group Limited shareholders’ equity (deficits) 667,857,807 ( 281,709 ) Noncontrolling interest 284,338 284,352 Total shareholders’ equity 668,142,145 2,643 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 670,158,753 $ 2,734,987 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 4 GD
CULTURE GROUP LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS For the Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 OPERATING EXPENSES Selling and marketing expenses $ ( 300,000 ) $ ( 2,402,908 ) General and administrative expenses ( 5,054,062 ) ( 5,055,507 ) Research and development expenses ( 2,256,000 ) ( 797,500 ) Impairment of intangible assets ( 852,800 ) ( 2,755,659 ) Provision of credit loss expenses - ( 3,150,000 ) TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES ( 8,462,862 ) ( 14,161,574 ) LOSS FROM OPERATIONS ( 8,462,862 ) ( 14,161,574 ) OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME Interest income 6,435 8,671 Unrealized loss on fair value changes of digital assets ( 178,507,882 ) - Sublease rental income 32,609 - TOTAL OTHER (EXPENSE) INCOME ( 178,468,838 ) 8,671 LOSS BEFORE INCOME TAXES ( 186,931,700 ) ( 14,152,903 ) LESS: INCOME TAX BENEFIT 54,977 32,101 NET LOSS $ ( 186,876,723 ) $ ( 14,120,802 ) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ( 27 ) ( 284,641 ) Net loss attributable to shareholders of common stock ( 186,876,696 ) ( 13,836,161 ) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) - Foreign currency translation adjustment 55 ( 14,544 ) - Fair value changes of convertible note receivables - ( 102,027 ) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS), net of tax 55 ( 116,571 ) COMPREHENSIVE LOSS, net of tax $ ( 186,876,668 ) $ ( 14,237,373 ) Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ( 14 ) ( 378,491 ) Comprehensive loss attributable to shareholders of common stock ( 186,876,654 ) ( 13,858,882 ) WEIGHTED AVERAGE NUMBER OF COMMON STOCKS Basic and diluted 30,344,325 9,565,918 Loss per share available to common shareholders Basic and diluted $ ( 6.16 ) $ ( 1.45 ) The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 5 GD
CULTURE GROUP LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY For
the Year Ended December 31, 2025 Attributable
    to GD Culture Group Limited Shareholders Total Additional Accumulated Other GD
                                            Culture Group Limited Shareholders’ Non Total Preferred
    Stock Common
    Stock Paid-in Subscription Accumulated Comprehensive (Deficits) controlling Shareholders’ Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Receivable Deficit Income Equity Interest Equity Balance, January 1, 2025 - $ - 11,167,294 $ 1,117 $ 82,758,975 $ - $ ( 83,194,386 ) $ 152,585 $ ( 281,709 ) $ 284,352 $ 2,643 Net
    loss - - - - - - ( 186,876,696 ) - ( 186,876,696 ) ( 27 ) ( 186,876,723 ) Issuance
    of common stock for cash - - 3,564,534 356 3,907,304 17,390 - - 3,925,050 - 3,925,050 Issuance
    of prefunded warrants for cash - - - - 3,615,226 ( 17,390 ) - - 3,597,836 - 3,597,836 Exercise
    of November 2023 Registered Warrants - - 952,644 95 ( 95 ) - - - - - - Issuance
    of common stock for acquisition of certain software - - 2,444,295 245 5,988,278 - - - 5,988,523 - 5,988,523 Issuance
    of common stock for acquisition of Pallas - - 39,189,344 3,919 225,726,702 - - - 225,730,621 - 225,730,621 Related
    party capital contribution - - - - 615,774,140 - - - 615,774,140 - 615,774,140 Foreign
    currency translation - - - - - - - 42 42 13 55 BALANCE,
    December 31, 2025 - - 57,318,111 5,732 937,770,530 - ( 270,071,082 ) 152,627 667,857,807 284,338 668,142,145 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 6 GD
CULTURE GROUP LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY FOR
THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024 Attributable
    to GD Culture Group Limited Shareholders Additional Accumulated Other Total GD Culture Group Limited Shareholders’ Non Total Preferred Stock Common
    Stock Paid-in Accumulated Comprehensive Equity controlling Shareholders’ Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Income (Deficits) Interest Equity Balance, January 1, 2024 - $ - 5,453,416 $ 545 $ 77,530,221 $ ( 69,358,225 ) $ 175,306 $ 8,347,847 $ 3,813,636 $ 12,161,483 Net loss - - - - - ( 13,836,161 ) - ( 13,836,161 ) ( 284,641 ) ( 14,120,802 ) Issuance of common stock for cash - - 810,277 81 829,798 - - 829,879 - 829,879 Issuance of common stock for acquisition of 13.33 % ownership of Shanghai Xianzhui - - 400,000 40 3,150,753 - - 3,150,793 ( 3,150,793 ) - Issuance of common stock for acquisition
    of copyright - - 1,560,000 156 1,247,844 - - 1,248,000 - 1,248,000 Exercise of pre-funded warrants - - 1,489,385 150 504 - - 654 - 654 Exercise of February 2021 Registered Warrants - - 92,756 9 ( 9 ) - - - - - Exercise of November 2023 Registered Warrants - - 1,361,460 136 ( 136 ) - - - - - Foreign currency translation - - - - - - 79,306 79,306 ( 93,850 ) ( 14,544 ) Reversal of
    fair value changes of convertible notes receivable - - - - - - ( 102,027 ) ( 102,027 ) - ( 102,027 ) Balance, December 31, 2024 - $ - 11,167,294 $ 1,117 $ 82,758,975 $ ( 83,194,386 ) $ 152,585 $ ( 281,709 ) $ 284,352 $ 2,643 The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 7 GD
CULTURE GROUP LIMITED AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss $ ( 186,876,723 ) $ ( 14,120,802 ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation of equipment 4,304 4,730 Amortization of intangible assets 1,147,885 692,755 Amortization of right-of-use assets 354,345 424,264 Unrealized loss on fair value changes of digital assets 178,507,882 - Provision of credit loss expenses on convertible notes - 2,500,000 Provision of credit loss expenses on loan receivable - 650,000 Impairment of intangible assets 852,800 2,755,659 Deferred income tax ( 132,923 ) ( 173,911 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Other receivables ( 32,608 ) 264 Prepayments ( 331,588 ) 1,284,280 Other payables and accrued liabilities 1,154 378,536 Lease liabilities ( 397,672 ) ( 349,679 ) Taxes payable 46,185 141,810 Other payables - related parties 12,235 131,948 Net cash used in operating activities ( 6,844,724 ) ( 5,680,146 ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Loan to a third party - ( 1,900,000 ) Repayment of loan to a third party - 1,250,000 Net cash used in investing activities - ( 650,000 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from issuance of common stock 3,907,660 829,879 Proceeds from issuance of prefunded warrants 3,619,997 - Proceeds from exercise of prefunded warrants - 654 Proceeds from related party loans 50,000 349,485 Proceeds from shareholder loan 100,000 - Repayments to a related party ( 399,485 ) - Net cash provided by financing activities 7,278,172 1,180,018 EFFECT OF EXCHANGE RATE CHANGE ON CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 55 ( 2,852 ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 433,503 ( 5,152,980 ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF YEAR 22,538 5,175,518 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, END OF YEAR $ 456,041 $ 22,538 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for income tax $ 31,761 $ - NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS OF INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Issuance of common stock for acquisition right, title, and interest in and to the certain software $ 5,988,523 $ 1,248,000 Initial recognition of right-of-use assets and lease liability $ - $ 205,539 Issuance of common stock for 13.3333 % interest in SH Xianzhui $ - $ 3,150,793 Exercise of November 2023 Registered Warrants $ 95 $ 136 Exercise of pre-funded warrants pursuant to the Warrant Exchange Agreements $ - $ 93 Exercise of February 2021 Registered Warrants $ - $ 9 Issuance of common stock for acquisition Pallas $ 225,730,621 $ - Capital contribution from related parties $ 615,774,140 $ - Fair value changes of convertible notes receivable $ - $ ( 102,027 ) The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F- 8 GD
CULTURE GROUP LIMITED AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Note
1 – Nature of Business and Organization GD Culture Group Limited (“GDC” or
the “Company”), formerly known as Code Chain New Continent Limited, is a Nevada corporation and a holding company. The Company
currently conducts its operations through the Company and its subsidiary, AI Catalysis Corp. (“AI Catalysis”). Historically,
the Company’s business focused on artificial intelligence-driven digital human creation and customization as well as live streaming
and e-commerce activities. The Company has recently begun adjusting its strategic direction and has been scaling back certain artificial
intelligence-related initiatives while evaluating new opportunities to utilize its existing artificial intelligence and virtual content
generation technologies. As part of this strategic transition, the Company is expanding into the interactive reading and narrative entertainment
market. The Company’s subsidiaries, Citi Profit Investment Holding Limited (“Citi Profit BVI”), Highlights Culture Holding
Co., Limited (“Highlight HK”), Shanghai Highlight Entertainment Co., Ltd. (“Highlight WFOE”) are holding companies
with no material operations. The Company’s subsidiary, Shanghai Xianzhui Technology Co., Ltd. (“SH Xianzhui”), previously
engaged in marketing-related services but does not currently conduct business operations and has no material operating activities. SH Xianzhui was incorporated by Highlight
WFOE and two other shareholders on August 10, 2023. SH Xianzhui is principally engaged in the provision of social media marketing agency
service. Highlight WFOE initially owned 60 % of the total equity interest of SH Xianzhui. On October 27, 2023, the Company entered
into an equity purchase agreement with Highlight WFOE and Beijing Hehe Property Management Co., Ltd. (“Beijing Hehe”), which
was amended on November 10, 2023 (such equity purchase agreement, as amended, the “Agreement” for purpose of this section
“Investment in JV”), pursuant to which the Highlight WFOE agreed to purchase 13.3333 % of the equity interest in SH Xianzhui
from Beijing Hehe and the Company agreed to issue 400,000 shares of common stock of the Company, valued at $ 2.7820 per
share, the average closing bid price of the common stock of GDC as of the five trading days immediately preceding the date of the Agreement,
to Beijing Hehe or its assigns. On January 11, 2024, the Company issued the 400,000 shares of its common stock, at the price
of $ 2.5 per share, to Beijing Hehe and the transaction was completed. As of December 31, 2025, the Company owns 73.3333 % of
the total equity interest of SH Xianzhui. AI Catalysis is a Nevada corporation, incorporated
on May 18, 2023. AI Catalysis is expected to bridge the realms of the internet, media, and artificial intelligence (“AI”)
technologies. Positioned at the crossroads of traditional and streaming media, AI Catalysis plans to elevate the experience of media with
AI-based interactive and smart content, aiming to transform the whole media landscape. Acquisition
of Pallas On
September 8, 2025, the Company (the “Acquirer”), Pallas Capital Holding Ltd, a British Virgin Islands company incorporated
on June 30, 2025 (“Pallas” or the “Target”), and the shareholders of the Target (each a “Seller”
and collectively, the “Sellers”) executed an agreement and plan of securities exchange (the “Share Exchange Agreement”,
and the transactions contemplated thereby, collectively, the “Pallas Transaction”), pursuant to which, the Sellers wish to
sell to the Acquirer, and the Acquirer wishes to purchase from the Sellers, 100 % interest in and to the ordinary shares of the Target
(the “Target Shares”). In exchange for the Target Shares, the Acquirer shall issue an aggregate of 39,189,344 shares
of the Company’s common stock (the “GDC Shares”) to such Sellers. On September 29, 2025, the Sellers transferred to
Acquirer 10,000 shares of Target Shares, being all of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares of the Target, and received
in exchange certificates representing the 39,189,344 GDC Shares. Thereafter, Pallas became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Company. Pallas
was established for the primary purpose of holding digital assets as a long-term reserve, with the objective of achieving potential appreciation
in value. As of December 31, 2025, Pallas held 7,500 units of Bitcoin. Two shareholders of the Company, who beneficially own 12.86 %,
in the aggregate, of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, immediately before the execution of the Pallas Transaction,
also serve as the directors and share voting and dispositive power over the shares issued by the Target. Accordingly, the Transaction
constitutes a related party transaction for the Company pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K. F- 9 Referring to Financial Accounting Standards Board
(“FASB”) ASC Topic 805-10-55-5, the Company applied two steps (including step 1, screen test and step 2, evaluation of process
and input) in evaluating whether the acquisition was an asset acquisition or a business combination. Pallas had no operations except for
holding Bitcoin as a reserve, and substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in its Bitcoin. Therefore,
the Company decided that Pallas cannot constitute a business and such Pallas Transaction should be accounted for as an asset acquisition.
The purchase consideration is measured based on the fair value of the Company’s common stock issued and the consideration is further
allocated to the value of the asset acquired in the transaction. Given the related party nature of the Pallas Transaction and the fact
that the acquired digital assets are highly liquid and have observable market prices, which indicated that the fair value of the assets
acquired is far higher than the fair value of the common stock issued, management concluded that the such Pallas transaction indicated
a capital contribution from the shareholders. Accordingly, the excess of the fair value of the digital assets acquired over the fair value
of the common stock issued should be recorded as an increase in additional paid-in capital and the value of the assets acquired, which
was concurrently with the determination of the value of the assets acquired under asset acquisition. Subsidiaries
of the Company The
accompanying consolidated financial statements reflect the activities of GDC and each of the following entities: Name Background Ownership Citi Profit BVI ● A British Virgin Island company Incorporated in April 2019 100 % owned by the Company Highlight HK ● A Hong Kong company 100 % owned by Citi Profit BVI ● Incorporated in November 2022 Highlight WFOE ● A PRC limited liability company and deemed a wholly foreign owned enterprise (WFOE) 100 % owned by Highlight HK ● Incorporated in January 2023 AI Catalysis ● A Nevada company 100 % owned by the Company ● Incorporated in May 2023 SH Xianzhui ● A PRC limited liability company 73.3333 % owned by Highlight WFOE ● Incorporated in August 2023 Pallas ● A British Virgin Islands company 100 % owned by the Company ● Incorporated in June 2025, acquired on September 29, 2025 The Company has recently begun adjusting
its strategic direction and has been scaling back certain artificial intelligence-related initiatives while evaluating new opportunities
to utilize its existing artificial intelligence and virtual content generation technologies. As part of this strategic transition, the
Company is working on the development of a mobile and web platform for interactive fiction—story experiences where readers make
choices that branch the plot and lead to multiple endings. Liquidity
and Capital Resources As of December 31, 2025, the Company
had $ 456,041 in its operating bank accounts and working capital deficit of approximately $ 0.3 million. From January 2026 to
the date the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued, Mr. Xiaojian Wang, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company
(“CEO”), made advances of $ 340,000 to the Company through, these advances are non-interest bearing and due on demand. On January 23, 2025,
Green Oasis Limited, a shareholder holding less than 5 % ownership shares in the Company, provided a $ 100,000 loan to the Company,
for working capital purposes, with maturity as of April 23, 2025. On April 25, 2025, Green Oasis Limited and the Company extended the
maturity date to July 23, 2025, which was further extended to July 23, 2026 through an amendment agreement. On
March 4, 2025, the Company sold 1,115,600 shares of common stock at $ 0.896379 per share, generating gross proceeds of
$ 1,000,000 . The Company received net proceeds of $ 910,000 after deducting underwriter’s fees of $ 70,000 and a $ 20,000 reimbursement
for the underwriter’s legal counsel and due diligence analysis expenses. The Company used the proceeds from the offering for working
capital purposes. On
May 2, 2025, the Company completed a securities offering in which it agreed to sell (i) 1,115,600 shares of its common stock
at a purchase price of approximately $ 0.524 per share and (ii) 9,380,582 pre-funded warrants at a purchase price of approximately
$ 0.523 per warrant. As of December 31, 2025, the Company received gross proceeds of approximately $ 4.5 million from the subscription of 1,115,600 shares
of its common stock and 7,468,536 pre-funded warrants.
The offering remains ongoing and has not yet been fully completed. Transaction costs incurred through December 31, 2025 included underwriter’s
fees of $ 314,343 and a $ 20,000 reimbursement for the underwriter’s legal counsel and due diligence expenses. As
of December 31, 2025, The Company used the proceeds from the offering for working capital purposes. F- 10 On
October 24, 2025, the Company sold 1,333,334 shares of common stock at $ 2.1 per share, generating gross proceeds of $ 2.8 million.
The Company received net proceeds of approximately $ 2.5 million after deducting underwriter’s fees of $ 196,000 and other
offering costs of $ 60,000 . The Company used the proceeds from the offering for working capital purposes. In March 2026, the CEO executed a Letter of Support
in which he agreed to provide continuing financial support to the Company for a period of at least 12 months from the issuance date of
the Company’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025. The
Company expects to continue incurring significant operating cash outflows to support its operations. Additional financing may be required
to sustain the business. Management will make its best efforts to secure the necessary funding to support the Company’s operations. The
Company evaluated its ability to continue as a going concern in accordance with ASC Subtopic 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements—Going
Concern, which requires management to assess whether there is substantial doubt about the Company’s ability to continue as a going
concern within one year after the date the financial statements are issued. The management assessed its liquidity position and concluded
that the Company will have sufficient liquidity to meet its obligations as they become due for at least the next twelve months from the
date the consolidated financial statements are issued. Note
2 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis
of Presentation The
accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”) for information pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities Exchange Commission
(“SEC”). Principles
of Consolidation The
consolidated financial statements of the Company include the accounts of GDC and its wholly owned subsidiaries. All intercompany transactions
and balances are eliminated upon consolidation. Use
of Estimates and Assumptions The
preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that
affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Significant accounting estimates
reflected in the Company’s consolidated financial statements include the useful lives of intangible assets and equipment, impairment
of long-lived assets, collectability of receivables, discount rate used to measure present value of lease liabilities and valuation allowance
for deferred tax assets. Actual results could differ from these estimates. Foreign
Currency Translation and Transactions The
reporting currency of the Company is the U.S. dollar. The PRC subsidiaries of the Company conduct their businesses in the local currency,
Renminbi (RMB), as its functional currency. Assets and liabilities are translated at the unified exchange rate as quoted set forth in
the H.10 statistical release of the Federal Reserve Board at the end of the period. The statements of operations accounts are translated
at the average translation rates and the equity accounts are translated at historical rates. Translation adjustments resulting from this
process are included in accumulated other comprehensive income. Transaction gains and losses that arise from exchange rate fluctuations
on transactions denominated in a currency other than the functional currency are included in the results of operations as incurred. Translation adjustments included in accumulated other comprehensive
income amounted to $ 213,626 and $ 213,571 as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The consolidated balance sheets amount,
with the exception of shareholders’ equity at December 31, 2025 and 2024 were translated at 6.9931 RMB and 7.2993 RMB
to $ 1.00 , respectively. The shareholders’ equity accounts were stated at their historical rate. The average translation rates applied
to consolidated statements of operations accounts for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were 7.1873 RMB and 7.1964 RMB to
$ 1.00 , respectively. The consolidated statements of cash flows are also translated at average translation rates for the periods, therefore,
amounts reported on the consolidated statements of cash flows will not necessarily agree with changes in the corresponding balances on
the consolidated balance sheets. The
PRC government imposes significant exchange restrictions on fund transfers out of the PRC that are not related to business operations.
These restrictions have not had a material impact on the Company because it has not engaged in any significant transactions that are
subject to the restrictions. F- 11 Cash
and Cash Equivalents As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company did not have any cash equivalents. All cash were unrestricted as to withdrawal and use and
were demand deposits placed with commercial banks. Prepayments Prepayments are advances paid to outside vendors
for services purchases. The Company has legally binding contracts with its vendors. Once the services are received, the amounts are recognized
as expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. Credit Losses and Write-off Policy The Company evaluates financial assets, including
loan receivable and convertible notes for credit losses in accordance with applicable accounting guidance. Loan receivable is assessed for credit loss
in accordance with ASC 326, Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (“ASC 326”) . The Company evaluates expected credit losses based
on historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. If it is determined that all or a portion of
the loan receivable is uncollectible, the Company records an allowance for credit losses through provision in the consolidated
statements of operations. The Company accounted for credit losses on available-for-sale
(“AFS”) debt securities in accordance with ASC 326-30, Financial Instruments—Credit Losses . Under ASC 326-30,
the Company evaluates AFS debt securities at each reporting date to determine whether a decline in fair value below amortized cost is
attributable to credit-related factors or non-credit factors. If a credit-related impairment is identified, the Company records an allowance
for credit losses through earnings, limited to the difference between amortized cost and fair value. Non-credit related declines remain
in accumulated other comprehensive income. If credit quality improves, previously recognized credit losses are reversed through earnings,
up to the amount of prior allowance. The Company assesses credit risk based on issuer financial health, market conditions, and macroeconomic
factors. Financial assets are written off when management
determines that such amounts are uncollectible. Write-offs are recorded against the related allowance for credit losses. Write-offs of
financial assets that were previously fully reserved do not result in additional credit loss expense in the period of write-off. For the years ended December
31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded provision of credit loss expenses of $ nil and $ 3,150,000 , respectively, in relation to its financial
assets. During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company wrote off the remaining balances of the loan receivable and convertible notes,
which had been previously fully reserved. Equipment Equipment
was stated at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line method after consideration of the
estimated useful lives of the assets and estimated residual value. The estimated useful lives and residual value are as follows: Useful Life Estimated Residual Value Office equipment and furniture 5 years 5 % The
cost and related accumulated depreciation of assets sold or otherwise retired are eliminated from the accounts and any gain or loss is
included in the consolidated statements of operations. Expenditure for maintenance and repairs are charged to earnings as incurred, while
additions, renewals and betterments, which are expected to extend the useful life of assets, are capitalized. The Company also re-evaluates
the periods of depreciation to determine whether subsequent events and circumstances warrant revised estimates of useful lives. Intangible
Assets Intangible
assets represent software copyright that are stated at cost, less accumulated amortization. Research and development costs associated
with internally developed patents are expensed when incurred. Amortization expense is recognized on the straight-line basis over the
estimated useful lives of the assets. The software copyrights have finite useful lives and are amortized using a straight-line method
that reflects the estimated pattern in which the economic benefits of the intangible asset are to be consumed. The Company amortizes
the cost of software copyrights, over their useful life using the straight-line method. The Company also re-evaluates the periods of
amortization to determine whether subsequent events and circumstances revised estimates of useful lives. The estimated useful life
is as follows: Useful Life Software copyrights 5 years F- 12 Lease The
Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Leases that transfer substantially all of the benefits and risks incidental
to the ownership of assets are accounted for as finance leases as if there was an acquisition of an asset and incurrence of an obligation
at the inception of the lease. All other leases are accounted for as operating leases. The Company has no significant finance leases. The
Company recognizes lease liabilities and corresponding right-of-use assets on the balance sheet for leases. Operating lease right- of-use
assets (the “ROU”) are disclosed as non-current assets in the Company’s consolidated balance sheets. Current maturities
of operating lease liabilities are classified as operating lease liabilities - current, and operating lease liabilities that will be
due in more than one year are disclosed as non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Operating lease right-of-use assets
and operating lease liabilities are initially recognized based on the present value of future lease payments at lease commencement. The
operating lease right-of-use asset also includes any lease payments made prior to lease commencement and the initial direct costs incurred
by the lessee and is recorded net of any lease incentives received. As the interest rates implicit in most of the leases are not readily
determinable, the Company uses the incremental borrowing rates based on the information available at lease commencement to determine
the present value of the future lease payments. Operating lease expenses are recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the
lease. The Company’s lease has an initial term
of 5.4 years. The Company’s lease agreements did not include non-lease components. Lease expense for fixed lease payments
is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company’s lease agreements do not contain any significant residual
value guarantees or restricted covenants. The
Company evaluates the carrying value of ROU assets if there are indicators of impairment and reviews the recoverability of the related
asset group. The
Company reassesses of a contract is or contains a leasing arrangement and re-measures ROU assets and lease liabilities upon modification
of the contract. The Company will derecognize ROU assets and lease liabilities, with differences recognized in the income statement on
the contract termination. The Company evaluated the subleased office spaces in accordance with
the provisions of ASC Topic 842, Leases (“ASC 842”). Since the Company has not been relieved as the primary obligor of the
head lease, the Company cannot net the sublease income against its lease payment to calculate the lease liability and right-of-use (“ROU”)
asset. The Company records sub-lease income over the term of the subleases on a straight-line basis. The sublease income amounted to $ 32,609 and $ nil for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively, which was presented as other income on the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations and comprehensive loss. Impairment
for Long-lived Assets The Company’s determination of whether or not an indication
of impairment exists at the cash generating unit level requires significant management judgment pertaining to intangible assets, including
a software copyright of AI Box, which is used for online living-stream and a software copyright of Chat Box, which is used for online
interactive entertainment scenarios, as well as the operating right-of-use (“ROU”) assets, including the offices
of the Company. Management considers both external and internal sources of information in assessing whether there are any indications
that the Company’s intangible assets and ROU assets are impaired. Based on the evaluation, the Company recognized impairment losses
in long-lived assets of $ 852,800 and $ 2,755,659 , respectively, for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. Digital
Assets The Company holds digital assets primarily for
investment and treasury purposes rather than for use in the ordinary course of business. In accordance with ASU 2023-08, Intangibles—Goodwill
and Other—Crypto Assets , digital assets are accounted for as intangible assets measured at fair value, with changes in fair
value recognized immediately in earnings. Digital assets are initially recorded at cost, including acquisition-related fees (see Note
1). Subsequent to initial recognition, digital assets are measured at fair value at each reporting date, and unrealized gains and losses
are included in the statement of operations. Upon disposal, the difference between proceeds and carrying amount is recognized as a gain
or loss in earnings. The Company discloses the number of units held, cost basis, fair value, and any significant restrictions on the ability
to sell or transfer digital assets in the Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements. F- 13 Assets
Acquisition The
Company evaluates each transaction to determine whether it should be accounted for as a business combination or an asset acquisition
in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations . A transaction is accounted for as an asset acquisition when substantially
all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or a group of similar identifiable
assets, and the acquired set does not include a substantive process capable of producing outputs. In
assessing whether substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset, the
Company considers the nature of the assets, their risks and characteristics, and whether they represent a group of similar assets as
defined under ASC 805-10-55-5A through 55-5C. For
transactions accounted for as asset acquisitions, the purchase consideration is measured based on the fair value of the consideration
transferred, which generally consists of the fair value of equity securities or other assets issued. The acquired assets and assumed
liabilities are recognized based on their relative fair values, and no goodwill is recognized. Fair
Value Measurement The
accounting standard regarding fair value of financial instruments and related fair value measurements defines financial instruments and
requires disclosure of the fair value of financial instruments held by the Company. The Company considers the carrying amount of cash,
other receivables, other payables and accrued liabilities to approximate their fair values because of their short-term nature. The
accounting standards define fair value, establish a three-level valuation hierarchy for disclosures of fair value measurement and enhance
disclosure requirements for fair value measures. The three levels are defined as follow: ● Level
1 inputs to the valuation methodology are quoted prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets. ● Level
2 inputs to the valuation methodology include quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets, and inputs that are
observable for the assets or liability, either directly or indirectly, for substantially the full term of the financial instruments. ● Level
3 inputs to the valuation methodology are unobservable and significant to the fair value. As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the carrying values of cash, other receivables and other payables approximate their fair values due to
the short-term nature of the instruments. Selling
and Marketing Expenses Selling
and marketing expenses mainly consist of marketing related expenses. General
and Administrative Expenses General and administrative expenses mainly consist
of (i) staff cost, rental and depreciation related to general and administrative personnel, (ii) professional expenses, and (iii) conference
expenses in relation to a developer conference. Research
and Development Expenses Research
and development expenses mainly consist of outsourced research and development expenses. Research and development expenses are expensed
as incurred. Income
Taxes The
Company accounts for income taxes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The charge for taxation is based on the results for the fiscal year as
adjusted for items, which are non-assessable or disallowed. It is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively
enacted by the balance sheet date. F- 14 Deferred
taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method in respect of temporary differences arising from differences between the
carrying amount of assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax basis used in the computation
of assessable tax profit. In principle, deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets
are recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences
can be utilized. Deferred tax is calculated using tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when the asset is realized or the
liability is settled. Deferred tax is charged or credited in the income statement, except when it is related to items credited or charged
directly to equity, in which case the deferred tax is also dealt with in equity. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance
when, in the opinion of management, it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
Current income taxes are provided for in accordance with the laws of the relevant taxing authorities. An
uncertain tax position is recognized as a benefit only if it is “more likely than not” that the tax position would be sustained
in a tax examination, with a tax examination being presumed to occur. The amount recognized is the largest amount of tax benefit
that is greater than 50 % likely of being realized on examination. For tax positions not meeting the “more likely than
not” test, no tax benefit is recorded. Penalties and interest incurred related to underpayment of income tax are classified as
income tax expense in the period incurred. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded $ 90,000 of penalty related
to the late filing of tax returns. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company recorded $ 93,446 penalty and $ 2,053 interest for
failed filing the tax return timely. Interest Interest
income is mainly generated from bank deposits and other interest earning financial assets and is recognized on an accrual basis using
the effective interest method. Net
Income (Loss) per Share Basic
income (loss) per share is computed by dividing income (loss) available to common shareholders of the Company by the weighted average
common stocks outstanding during the period. Diluted income (loss) per share takes into account the potential dilution that could occur
if securities or other contracts to issue common stocks were exercised and converted into common stocks. In
May 2023, November 2023 and May 2025, the Company issued and sold pre-funded warrants that are exercisable for shares of common stock
at a nominal exercise price. In accordance with ASC 260, these prefunded warrants are considered to be common stock equivalents and are
included in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share when the inclusion is dilutive. As the exercise price of the prefunded
warrants is nominal and substantially all conditions necessary to exercise the warrants have been met, the prefunded warrants are included
in the weighted average shares outstanding for both basic and diluted income (loss) per share. As of December 31, 2025, 7,468,536 pre-funded
warrants as described were outstanding. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, 1,260,665 and 2,312,006 of
outstanding warrants (excluding the Pre-funded Warrants and Exchange Warrants) which are equivalent to convertible of 1,059,277 and 2,110,618 common
stocks, respectively, were excluded from the diluted income (loss) per share calculation due to their antidilutive effect. Comprehensive
Income (Loss) Comprehensive
income (loss) is defined as the changes in equity of the Company during a year from transactions and other events and circumstances excluding
transactions resulting from investments by owners and distributions to owners. Accumulated other comprehensive income of the Company
includes the foreign currency translation adjustments and unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale investments. F- 15 Recently
Accounting Pronouncements In December 2023, the FASB issued Accounting Standards
Update (“ASU”) 2023-09, Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU
2023-09), which requires disclosure of incremental income tax information within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income
taxes paid, among other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-09 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2023-09 on a prospective basis for the 2025 annual reporting period. Refer to Note 10 - Taxes for
further detail. In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Income
Statement — Reporting Comprehensive Income — Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income
Statement Expenses (“ASU 2024-03”) which requires detailed disclosures in the notes to financial statements disaggregating
specific expense categories and certain other disclosures to provide enhanced transparency into the nature and function of expenses. The
FASB further clarified the effective date in January 2025 with the issuance of ASU 2025-01, Income Statement — Reporting Comprehensive
Income — Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Clarifying the Effective Date (“ASU 2025-01”). ASU
2024-03 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within annual reporting periods beginning
after December 15, 2027, with early adoption permitted. The requirements should be applied on a prospective basis while retrospective
application is permitted. The Company does not expect to adopt this guidance early and does not expect the adoption of this ASU to have
a material impact on its future consolidated financial statements. In March 2025, the FASB issued ASU 2025-05, Credit
Losses (Topic 326): Simplifications to the Accounting for Short-Term Receivables and Contract Assets . The update introduces practical
expedients that allow entities to simplify the estimation of expected credit losses for accounts receivable and contract assets by permitting
certain assumptions regarding current conditions and expectations of future economic conditions. The amendments are intended to reduce
the complexity and cost of applying the current expected credit loss model for short-term financial assets. The amendments in this update
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, including interim periods within those fiscal years. Early adoption
is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting this guidance on its consolidated financial statements. The Company
does not currently expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. The
Company does not believe other recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material
effect on the Company’s consolidated balance sheets, consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss) and
consolidated statements of cash flows. Note
3 – Fair Value of Financial Instruments ASC
820, Fair Value Measurements states that fair value is an exit price, representing the amount that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants. As such, fair value is a market-based measurement
that should be determined based on assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or a liability. The three-tiered
fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes which inputs should be used in measuring fair value, is comprised of: (Level I) observable inputs
such as quoted prices in active markets; (Level II) inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly
or indirectly and (Level III) unobservable inputs for which there is little or no market data. The fair value hierarchy requires the
use of observable market data when available in determining fair value. The Company’s assets and liabilities that were measured
at fair value on a recurring basis were as follows (in millions): December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Fair Value Level I Level II Level III Fair Value Level I Level II Level III Digital assets (1) $ 663 $ 663 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — Total $ 663 $ 663 $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — $ — As of December 31, 2025, the Company’s digital
assets were comprised of 7,500 units of Bitcoin, at cost of $ 842 million. These Bitcoins were originally held by Pallas
and continued to be held following the Company’s acquisition of Pallas. In accordance with ASU 2023-08, Intangibles—Goodwill
and Other—Crypto Assets , the Company accounts for its crypto assets as indefinite-lived intangible assets measured at fair value,
with changes in fair value recognized in net income in each reporting period. The
fair value of Bitcoin is determined based on quoted prices in active markets. The Company does not apply amortization to digital assets.
Gains and losses resulting from changes in fair value are presented within “Other income” in the consolidated statements
of operations. As
of December 31, 2025, the fair value of the Company’s Bitcoin holdings was $ 662,996,878 . For the year ended December 31, 2025,
the Company recognized a net loss of $ 178,507,882 in the consolidated statements of operations related to changes in the fair value
of its Bitcoin holdings. There was no disposal of digital assets during the year ended December 31, 2025. F- 16 Note
4 – Prepayments Prepayments consisted of the following
as of December 31, 2025 and 2024: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Prepayments of operating lease $ 45,325 $ - Prepaid research and development fee* 195,000 - Prepaid car rental 75,648 - Other prepayments 15,615 - Total prepayments $ 331,588 $ - * On July 8, 2025, the Company executed an agreement with a contractor for service activities related to the Interactive Reading Platform, pursuant to which, the Company agreed to pay the contractor $ 101,000 each month, starting from July 9, 2025, until the completion of the project or termination of this agreement. The contractor shall design, develop, and deliver an interactive reading platform. Note
5 – Equipment, net Equipment, net consisted of the following
as of December 31, 2025 and 2024: December
    31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Office equipment and furniture $ 14,190 $ 14,190 Subtotal 14,190 14,190 Less: accumulated depreciation ( 10,713 ) ( 6,409 ) Total $ 3,477 $ 7,781 Depreciation expense for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024
amounted to $ 4,304 and $ 4,730 , respectively. Note
6 – Intangible Assets, net Intangible assets consisted of the following as
of December 31, 2025 and 2024: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Software $ 4,890,092 $ 3,642,092 Add: purchase of software* 5,988,523 1,248,000 Subtotal 10,878,615 4,890,092 Less: accumulated amortization ( 2,184,403 ) ( 1,036,518 ) Accumulated impairment ( 3,603,974 ) ( 2,751,174 ) Total $ 5,090,238 $ 1,102,400 * On
April 28, 2025, the Company purchased one software- Chat Box, by issuance of 2,444,295 shares of the Company’s common
stock. Chat Box is an immersive chatbot platform centered on Al technology, specifically designed for otaku enthusiasts and interactive
entertainment scenarios. F- 17 Amortization expenses for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024
were $ 1,147,885 and $ 692,755 , respectively. As of December 31, 2025, the net book value of software copyrights
was $ 5,090,238 , after deducting accumulated amortization of $ 2,184,403 and accumulated impairment of $ 3,603,974 . Due to limited potential
economic benefits for varying reasons, the Company recognized impairment losses of $ 852,800 and $ 2,755,659 , respectively, for the
years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, to the software copyrights. Future
amortization of intangible assets are as follows: Amortization FY2026 1,197,708 FY2027 1,197,708 FY2028 1,197,708 FY2029 1,197,708 FY2030 299,406 Total future amortization of intangible assets $ 5,090,238 Note
7 – Other Payables and Accrued Liabilities Other
payables and accrued liabilities consisted of the following as of December 31, 2025 and 2024: December 31, December 31, 2025 2024 Professional service fee $ 345,570 $ 375,085 Payroll 57,226 26,558 Advance from an investor (1) 4,771 - Amounts due to shareholder (2) 100,000 - Others 178 178 Total $ 507,745 $ 401,821 (1) Includes
advance from one of the warrant shareholders for the exercise of prefunded warrants. (2) On January 23, 2025, Green Oasis Limited, which at the time held less than 5 % ownership shares in the Company, provided a $ 100,000 loan to the Company, for working capital purposes, with maturity as of April 23, 2025. On April 25, 2025, Green Oasis Limited and the Company extended the maturity date to July 23, 2025, which was further extended to July 23, 2026 through an amendment agreement. F- 18 Note
8 – Related Party Balances and Transactions Other
payables – related parties: Name of related party Relationship Nature December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Xiaojian Wang Chief Executive Officer Accrued compensations $ 100,000 $ 50,000 Xiaojian Wang Chief Executive Officer Interest-free loans to the Company* - 349,485 Xiaojian Wang Chief Executive Officer Invoices paid on behalf of the Company 2,150 50,000 Zihao Zhao Chief Finance Officer Accrued compensations 60,833 50,833 Zihao Zhao Chief Finance Officer Reimbursement 2,033 1,948 Total $ 165,016 $ 502,266 * From September 2024 to March 2025, Mr. Xiaojian Wang, the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company (“CEO”), lent $ 399,485 to the Company through six loan agreements, for working capital purposes. Pursuant
to the loan agreements, these loans are non-interest bearing and are due from September 2025 to January 2026, respectively. From March
2025 to May 2025, the Company repaid $ 399,485 in full to the CEO. Related
Party Transaction As disclosed in Note 1, the Company purchased 100 % equity interest
of Pallas from the Sellers, on September 29, 2025. Two shareholders of the Company, who beneficially own 12.86 %, in the aggregate,
of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, immediately before the execution of the Transaction, also serve as the directors
and share voting and dispositive power over the shares issued by the Target. Accordingly, the Pallas Transaction constitutes a related
party transaction for the Company pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K. As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the balance of other payables - related parties were $ 165,016 and $ 502,266 , respectively, mainly
consisted of accrued compensation of the Company’s officers, interest - free loans received from the Company’s officers and
operating related fees paid by the Company’s officer on behalf of the Company. As of December 31, 2025, the interest-free loans
received from the Company’s officers were fully repaid. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company recorded
compensation expenses to its officers amounted to $ 127,036 and $ 80,000 , respectively, for their services provided to the Company. Note
9 – Leases Leases
are classified as operating leases or finance leases in accordance with ASC 842 Leases . The Company’s operating leases
mainly related to the rights to use building and office facilities. For leases with terms greater than 12 months, the Company records
the related asset and liability at the present value of lease payments over the term. Certain leases include rental escalation clauses,
renewal options and/or termination options, which are factored into the Company’s determination of lease payments when appropriate. December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Weighted average remaining lease term: Operating lease 3.08 years 3.63 years Weighted average discount rate: Operating lease 7.54 % 7.53 % F- 19 The
balances for the operating leases where the Company is the lessee are presented as follows within the consolidated balance sheets: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Operating lease right-of-use assets, net Operating lease $ 987,988 $ 1,342,333 Lease liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities 353,648 427,984 Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities 781,216 1,104,552 $ 1,134,864 $ 1,532,536 Future
lease payments under operating leases as of December 31, 2025 were as follows: Operating Leases FY2026 423,573 FY2027 401,127 FY2028 409,149 FY2029 34,605 Total lease payments $ 1,268,454 Less: imputed interest 133,590 Present value of lease liabilities (1) $ 1,134,864 (1) As of December 31, 2025, present value of future operating lease payments consisted of current portion of operating lease liabilities and non-current portion of operating lease liabilities, amounting to $ 353,648 and $ 781,216 , respectively. Lease expense for all the Company’s operating leases for the
years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were $ 433,089 and $ 512,937 , respectively. Lease payments for all the Company’s operating
leases for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 were $ 528,437 and $ 404,440 , respectively. For
the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company incurred $ 481,549 short-term lease expenses and the short-term lease payments were $ 624,011 .
The Company did not incur any short-term lease expenses for the year ended December 31, 2024. Effective from December 1, 2025, the Company
subleased partial of the lease office space to a third party for the remaining of the head lease term. Since the Company has not been
relieved as the primary obligor of the head lease, the Company cannot net the sublease income against its lease payment to calculate
the lease liability and right-of-use (“ROU”) asset. The Company records sub-lease income over the term of the subleases on
a straight-line basis. Future sublease income under operating leases
as of December 31, 2025 were as follows: Operating Leases FY2026 425,218 FY2027 400,461 FY2028 408,471 FY2029 69,209 Total sublease receivable $ 1,303,359 Less: imputed interest 147,481 Present value of sublease income $ 1,155,878 For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024,
the Company recorded sublease income of $ 32,609 and $ nil respectively, as other income on the accompanying consolidated statements of
operations and comprehensive loss. F- 20 Note
10 – Taxes Income
Tax United
States GDC and AIC are corporations organized in the
state of Nevada and operated primarily in the state of New York. In December 2025, GDC and AIC moved their office to New Jersey. As a
result, they are subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax as well as state and local income taxes in New York and New Jersey. For the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, the applicable
statutory tax rates were as follows: ● Federal
corporate income tax rate: 21 %; ● New
York State corporate income tax rate: 6.5 %; ● New
York City business corporation tax rate: 8.85 %; ● Metropolitan
Transportation Business Tax Surcharge (MTA Tax): 30 % of the New York State corporate franchise tax liability; ● New
Jersey State corporate income tax rate: 9 %; The
Company’s effective tax rate may differ from the statutory rates due to various factors, including non-deductible expenses, tax
credits, valuation allowances, and the impact of state and local taxes. Additionally, the Company evaluates uncertain tax positions in
accordance with ASC 740, recognizing tax benefits only if it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination. British
Virgin Islands Citi
Profit BVI and Pallas are incorporated in the British Virgin Islands and are not subject to tax on income or capital gains under current
British Virgin Islands law. In addition, upon payments of dividends by these entities to their shareholders, no British Virgin Islands
withholding tax will be imposed. Hong
Kong Highlight
HK is incorporated in Hong Kong and are subject to Hong Kong Profits Tax on the taxable income as reported in its statutory financial
statements adjusted in accordance with relevant Hong Kong tax laws. Highlight HK is subject to Hong Kong profit tax at a rate of 8.25 %
for assessable profits on the first HK$ 2 million and 16.5 % for any assessable profits in excess of HK$ 2 million for years
ended December 31, 2025 and 2024. The Company did not make any provisions for Hong Kong profit tax as there were no assessable profits
derived from or earned in Hong Kong since inception. PRC Highlight
WFOE and SH Xianzhui are governed by the income tax laws of the PRC and the income tax provision in respect to operations in the PRC
is calculated at the applicable tax rates on the taxable income for the periods based on existing legislation, interpretations and practices
in respect thereof. Under the Enterprise Income Tax Laws of the PRC (the “EIT Laws”), qualified small and micro enterprises
with annual taxable income not exceeding RMB 3 million are eligible for a preferential corporate income tax rate of 5 %
until December 31, 2027. This preferential rate is applied in accordance with relevant Chinese tax laws and regulations, and may be adjusted
by the authorities from time to time. Pretax Loss from Operations The components of pretax loss from operations
are as follows: Year Ended December 31, 2025 Domestic $ ( 186,931,598 ) Foreign ( 102 ) Loss before income taxes $ ( 186,931,700 ) F- 21 Provision
(Benefit) for Income Taxes The
current and deferred components of income tax expenses from operations appearing in the consolidated statements of operations
are as follows: For the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 Current tax expenses Federal $ ( 90,000 ) $ ( 90,000 ) State 12,054 ( 51,810 ) Total current tax expenses $ ( 77,946 ) $ ( 141,810 ) Deferred tax benefits Federal $ 132,923 $ 173,911 State - - Total deferred tax benefits $ 132,923 $ 173,911 Total benefits from income taxes $ 54,977 32,101 The Company adopted ASU 2023-09 for the annual period ending December
31, 2025, and elected to apply the amendments on a prospective basis. The following table presents the required disclosure pursuant to
ASU 2023-09 and is a reconciliation of the Company's income tax expense at the statutory federal tax rate to the Company's effective tax
rate for the year ended December 31, 2025: For the year ended December 31, 2025 U.S. federal statutory tax rate $ ( 39,255,657 ) 21.00 % State income taxes, net of federal effect (*) ( 16,151,984 ) 8.64 % Foreign Tax Effects: People’s Republic of China: Foreign tax rate differential 21 ( 0.00 )% Change in federal valuation allowance 1,885,325 ( 1.01 )% Impairment and credit loss - - % Impairment loss on intangible assets 255,840 ( 0.14 )% Unrealized loss on digital assets 53,552,364 ( 28.64 )% Other ( 340,886 ) 0.18 % Effective Tax Rate $ ( 54,977 ) 0.03 % * For the year ended December 31, 2025, state and local income tax in New Jersey comprised the majority of the state and local income
taxes, net of federal effect category. The following table presents a reconciliation
of the Company's income tax expense at the statutory federal tax rate to the Company's effective tax rate for the year ended December
31, 2024 : December 31, 2024 Statutory tax rate Federal 21.00 % State (net of federal effect) * 12.56 % Foreign tax ( 1.21 )% Provision of credit loss ( 7.72 )% Impairment loss on intangible assets ( 5.97 )% Change in valuation allowance ( 19.05 )% Others 0.16 % Effective tax rate ( 0.23 )% * For the year ended December 31, 2024, state and local income taxes in New York and New York City comprise the majority of state and
local income taxes, net of federal effect category. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, income tax payable
to US tax authorities was $ 187,995 and $ 141,810 , respectively. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, no income tax was payable
to Chinese tax authorities. F- 22 For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company recorded $ 90,000 of penalty related to failed filing of tax returns. Income Taxes Paid The following table presents cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds
received, by jurisdiction during the year ended December 31, 2025: December 31, 2025 Federal $ - State New York 19,660 New York City 8,101 New Jersey 4,000 Total cash paid for income taxes, net of refunds $ 31,761 Deferred
Tax Assets and Liabilities Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of loss and credit carryforwards and temporary differences between the carrying amounts of
assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. The principal
components of the Company’s deferred income tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows: December 31, December 31, 2025 2024 Deferred tax assets Net operating losses carried forward $ 7,875,558 $ 6,105,138 Capitalized R&D 478,350 - Reserves and Accruals 17,168 - Provision of credit loss on note receivable and loan receivable 945,000 1,092,011 Impairment loss of intangible assets 987,090 845,008 Lease liability 340,460 605,169 Unrealized loss on digital assets 53,552,364 - Amortization of intangibles 342,027 - Total deferred tax assets $ 64,538,017 $ 8,647,326 Less: Valuation allowance ( 64,261,937 ) ( 8,020,571 ) Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance $ 276,080 $ 626,755 Deferred tax liabilities Right - of - use assets $ ( 296,397 ) $ ( 465,347 ) Fixed assets ( 671 ) - Amortization of intangible assets - ( 315,319 ) Total deferred tax liabilities $ ( 297,068 ) $ ( 780,666 ) Total deferred tax liabilities, net $ ( 20,988 ) $ ( 153,911 ) As
of December 31, 2025, the Group had tax losses carry forwards of approximately $ 5.3 million from the entity in the PRC. The tax
loss in the PRC can be carried forward for five years to offset future taxable profit and which will expire between 2028 and 2030
if not utilized. As of December 31, 2025, the Group had tax losses carry forwards of approximately $ 23.5 million from the entities
in the U.S. The tax loss in the U.S. can be carried forward indefinitely. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income
tax as well as state income tax in certain jurisdictions. The tax years 2023 to 2025 remain open to examination
by the major taxing jurisdictions to which the Company is subject. Management
believes that the realization of the benefits from these losses appears uncertain due to the Company’s operating history and continued
losses in the United States. Accordingly, the Company has provided a 100 % valuation allowance on the deferred tax asset to reduce
the asset to zero. Management reviews this valuation allowance periodically and makes changes accordingly. F- 23 Note
11 – Concentration of Credit Risk Financial
instruments that potentially subject the Company to concentration of credit risk consist principally of cash deposits. Accounts
at each institution are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) up to $ 250,000 . At December 31, 2025
and 2024, the Company did not have any cash excess of the FDIC insured limit. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, $ 3,305 and
$ 3,267 were deposited with a financial institution located in the PRC, respectively. While management believes that these financial
institutions are of high credit quality, it also continually monitors their credit worthiness. Note
12 – Equity Statutory
Reserves and Restricted Net Assets In
accordance with the PRC Regulations on Enterprises with Foreign Investment, an enterprise established in the PRC with foreign investment
is required to make appropriations to certain statutory reserves, namely a general reserve fund, an enterprise expansion fund, a staff
welfare fund and a bonus fund, all of which are appropriated from net profit as reported in its PRC statutory accounts. A foreign invested
enterprise is required to allocate at least 10 % of its annual after-tax profits to a general reserve fund until such fund has reached 50 %
of its respective registered capital. Appropriations to the enterprise expansion fund and staff welfare and bonus funds are at the discretion
of the board of directors for the foreign invested enterprises. For other subsidiaries incorporated in the PRC, the general reserve fund
was appropriated based on 10 % of net profits as reported in each subsidiary’s PRC statutory accounts. General reserve and
statutory surplus funds are restricted to set-off against losses, expansion of production and operation and increasing registered capital
of the respective company. Staff welfare and bonus fund and statutory public welfare funds are restricted to capital expenditures for
the collective welfare of employees. The reserves are not allowed to be transferred to the Company in terms of cash dividends, loans
or advances, nor are they allowed for distribution except under liquidation. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, there was no balance of
the PRC statutory reserve funds. In
addition, under PRC laws and regulations, the Company’s PRC subsidiaries are restricted in their ability to transfer their net
assets to the Company in the form of dividend payments, loans or advances. Amounts of restricted net assets include paid up capital and
statutory reserve funds of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the Company did not have any restricted
net assets. Furthermore,
cash transfers from the Company’s PRC subsidiaries to the Company’s subsidiaries outside of the PRC are subject to the PRC
government control of currency conversion. Shortages in the availability of foreign currency may restrict the ability of the Company’s
PRC subsidiaries to remit sufficient foreign currency to pay dividends or other payments to the Company, or otherwise satisfy their foreign
currency denominated obligations. Common
Stock On
January 11, 2024, the Company issued the 400,000 shares of its common stock to Beijing Hehe for exchange of 13.3333 % of
the total equity interest of SH Xianzhui (as described in Note 1). In
March 2024, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement (the “March 2024 Placement Agency Agreement”), with Univest
Securities, LLC (“Univest”), pursuant to which, Univest agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to sell the Company’s
common stock in a registered direct offering and a concurrent private placement (the “March 2024 Offering”). Univest has
no obligation to buy any of the securities from the Company or to arrange for the purchase or sale of any specific number or dollar amount
of securities. Pursuant
to the March 2024 Offering, an aggregate of 810,277 shares of common stock of the Company, par value $ 0.0001 per share,
were sold to certain purchasers (the “March 2024 Offering Purchasers”), pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, dated
March 22, 2024 (the “March 2024 Securities Purchase Agreement”) at a price of $ 1.144 per share, for aggregated
proceeds of approximately $ 0.9 million. The Company paid Univest a cash fee equal to 4.0 % of the aggregate gross proceeds raised
in the March 2024 Offering. The Company also issued warrants to Univest to purchase up to 40,514 shares of common stock of
the Company at an exercise price of $ 1.373 per share, (the “March 2024 Placement Agent Warrants”). The March 2024 Placement
Agent Warrants and the common stock underlying the March 2024 Placement Agent Warrants were not registered under the Securities Act,
pursuant to the registration statement of March 2024 Offering. The March 2024 Placement Agent Warrants were issued pursuant to an exemption
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated
thereunder. On
May 31, 2024, the Company entered into a software purchase agreement with Shanxi Gangdong Cultural Media Co., Ltd., a seller unaffiliated
with the Company (the “SGCM”). Pursuant to the agreement, the Company agreed to purchase and SGCM agreed to sell all of SGCM’s
right, title, and interest in and to the certain software. The purchase price of the software shall be $ 1,248,000 , payable in the form
of issuance of 1,560,000 shares of common stock of the Company, valued at $ 0.80 per share. The Company used the software
to develop its AI business. On June 4, 2024, the Company issued 1,560,000 shares of common stock of the Company to the SGCM’s
designees and the transaction was completed. F- 24 From
February 2024 to October 2024, 1,489,385 shares of the Company’s common stock were issued due to the exercise of pre-funded
warrants, that were sold in the fiscal year 2023. From
March 2024 to October 2024, 1,361,460 shares of the Company’s common stock were issued due to the exercise of 1,695,885 registered
warrants issued in November 2023 (the “November 2023 Registered Warrants”). In
August 2024, 92,756 shares of the Company’s common stock were issued due to the exercise of 54,646 registered
warrants and 84,244 unregistered warrants that were issued in the fiscal year 2021. On
February 10, 2025, the Company entered into an At-The-Market Issuance Sales Agreement (the “ATM Agreement”) with Univest
as the sales agent (the “February 2025 Offering”). Pursuant to the ATM Agreement, the Company may issue and sell from time
to time, shares of its common stock having an aggregate offering price of not more than $ 10,000,000 through the sales agent or any
of its sub-agent(s) or other designees, acting as sales agent. Up to the date the consolidated financial statements were issued, the
Company has not issued or sold any shares under the ATM Agreement. On
March 4, 2025, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the “March 2025 Securities Purchase Agreement”)
with certain investors for the sale of 1,115,600 shares of common stock at $ 0.896379 per share (the “March 2025
Offering”), generating net proceeds in the amount of $ 910,000 , after deducting underwriter’s fees of $ 70,000 , equal to seven
percent ( 7 %) of the aggregate gross proceeds raised in this Offering and reimbursement of $ 20,000 for the underwriter’s legal
counsel and due diligence analysis expense. The Company used the proceeds from the offering for working capital purposes. On
May 2, 2025, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the “May 2025 Securities Purchase Agreement”)
with certain investors for the sale of 1,115,600 shares of common stock at approximately $ 0.524 per share
and 9,380,582 pre-funded warrants (the “May 2025 Pre-Funded Warrants”) at approximately $ 0.523 per
warrant (the “May 2025 Offering”). As of December 31, 2025, the Company received gross proceeds of approximately $ 4.5 million for subscription of 1,115,600 shares of its common stock and 7,468,536 pre-funded warrants. The offering remains ongoing and has not yet been fully completed.
Transaction costs incurred through December 31, 2025 included underwriter’s fees of $ 314,343 and a
$ 20,000 reimbursement for the underwriter’s legal counsel and due diligence expenses. As of December 31,
2025, the Company used the proceeds from the offering for working capital purposes. On
April 28, 2025, the Company entered into a software purchase agreement (the “Agreement”) with Gongzheng Xu and Qing Wang,
who are unaffiliated with the Company at the time (collectively, the “GXQW”). Pursuant to the Agreement, the Company agreed
to purchase and the GXQW agreed to sell all of GXQW’s right, title, and interest in and to the certain software (the “Chat
Box”). The purchase price of the software shall be payable in the form of issuance of 2,444,295 shares of the Company’s
common stock. On April 28, 2025, the Company issued 2,444,295 shares of its common stock to GXQW and the transaction was completed.
The Company used the software to develop its AI business. On
September 8, 2025, the Company, Pallas and the Sellers executed the Share Exchange Agreement, pursuant to which, the Sellers wish to sell
to the Acquirer, and the Acquirer wishes to purchase from the Sellers, 100 % interest in and to the Target Shares. On September 29,
2025, in exchange for the Target Shares, the Company issued an aggregate of 39,189,344 shares of the Company’s common
stock to such Sellers. On
October 24, 2025, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements (the “October 2025 Securities Purchase Agreement”)
with certain accredited investor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell, in a private placement (the “October
2025 Private Placement”), an aggregate of 1,333,334 shares of the Company’s common stock at a purchase price of $ 2.10 per
share, for gross proceeds in the amount of $ 2,800,000 . The Company received net proceeds of approximately $ 2.5 million after deducting
underwriter’s fees of $ 196,000 and other offering costs of $ 60,000 . The Company used the proceeds from the offering for working
capital purposes. As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the total outstanding shares of the Company’s common stock were 57,318,111 and 11,167,294 ,
respectively. F- 25 Warrants Placement
Agent Warrants In
March 2024, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement (the “March 2024 Placement Agency Agreement”), with Univest,
pursuant to which, Univest agrees to use its reasonable best efforts to sell the Company’s common stock in a registered direct
offering and a concurrent private placement (the “March 2024 Offering”). Univest has no obligation to buy any of the securities
from the Company or to arrange for the purchase or sale of any specific number or dollar amount of securities. In
connection with the March 2024 Offering, the Company issued 40,514 shares of unregistered warrants (the “March 2024 Placement
Agent Warrants”) to Univest, at an exercise price of $ 1.373 per share. The March 2024 Placement Agent Warrants and the common
stock underlying the March 2024 Placement Agent Warrants were not registered under the Securities Act, pursuant to the registration statement
of March 2024 Offering. The March 2024 Placement Agent Warrants were issued pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements
of the Securities Act provided in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder. As
of December 31, 2025, 695,535 unregistered warrants issued to Univest were outstanding. Prefunded
Warrants In
connection with the May 2025 Offering, the Company issued 7,468,536 shares of pre-funded warrants, which is exercisable immediately. From
February 2024 to October 2024, holders of 1,489,763 pre-funded warrants, issued in November 2023, exercised their options to
purchase 1,489,385 shares of the Company’s common stock. As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, 7,468,536 and nil prefunded warrants were outstanding, respectively. Registered
Warrants On
March 26, 2024, October 16, 2024 and October 17, 2024, holders of 1,695,885 registered warrants issued in November 2023 (the
“November 2023 Registered Warrants”) exercised their options to purchase 1,361,460 shares of the Company’s
common stock. On April 30, 2025, holders of 1,051,341 November 2023 Registered Warrants exercised their options to purchase 952,644 shares
of the Company’s common stock, on a cashless basis. As
of December 31, 2025 and 2024, 565,130 and 1,616,471 November 2023 Registered Warrants were outstanding, respectively. February
2021 Registered and Unregistered Warrants In
August 2024, holders of 54,646 registered warrants and 84,244 unregistered warrants issued in 2021 exercised their
options to purchase 92,756 shares of the Company’s common stock, on a cashless basis. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024,
no warrants issued in 2021 were outstanding. F- 26 The
summary of warrant activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 were as follows: Warrants Exercisable Into Number of Weighted Average Exercise Average Remaining Contractual Outstanding Shares Price Life December 31, 2024 2,312,006 2,110,618 $ 29.94 3.46 Granted 7,468,536 7,468,536 0.001 - Exercised 1,051,341 1,051,341 - - December 31, 2025 8,729,201 8,527,813 $ 45.79 2.23 The
summary of warrant activities for the year ended December 31, 2024 were as follows: Warrants Exercisable Into Number of Weighted Average Exercise Average Remaining Contractual Outstanding Shares Price Life December 31, 2023 9,623,806 5,394,642 $ 19.45 4.54 Granted 40,514 40,514 1.37 4.24 Exercised 7,352,314 3,324,538 - - December 31, 2024 2,312,006 2,110,618 $ 29.94 3.46 Note
13 – Commitments and Contingencies Contingencies From
time to time, the Company may be subject to certain legal proceedings, claims and disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business.
Although the outcomes of these legal proceedings cannot be predicted, the Company does not believe these actions, in the aggregate, will
have a material adverse impact on its financial position, results of operations or liquidity. Note
14 – Segment Reporting In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07
Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures (“ASU 2023-07”), which improved the reportable
segment disclosure requirements, primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses enabling investors to better
understand an entity’s overall performance and assess potential future cash flows. ASU 2023-07 requires entities with a single reportable
segment to provide all the disclosures required by the amendments in ASU 2023-07 and all existing segment disclosures in Segment Reporting
(Topic 280). ASU 2023-07 is effective for annual periods on January 1, 2024, and periods beginning on January 1, 2025. The Company adopted
this standard for its 2024 annual financial statements and applied this standard retrospectively for all prior periods presented in the
financial statements. ASU 2023-07 has no material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements. The
Company operates and manages its business as a single segment and has one operating and reportable segment, the Virtual Content
Production. The Company’s Chief Executive Officer is the chief operating decision-maker (“CODM”). When
making decisions about allocating resources and assessing the performance of the Company as a whole, the CODM review operating metrics
and consolidated financial statements. The
Company concluded that consolidated net income (loss) reported in the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income
(loss) is the measure of segment profitability, and consolidated total assets reported in the consolidated balance sheets is the measure
of segment assets. The CODM refers to consolidated operating results and financial condition when addressing strategic and operational
matters and allocating resources. Significant expense categories regularly provided to and reviewed by the CODM are those presented in
the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income (loss). As substantially all of the Company’s long-lived assets
are located in the United States, and substantially all of the Company’s expenses are derived from within the United States, no
geographical segments are presented. Note
15 – Subsequent events The Company has evaluated subsequent
events that occurred after the balance sheet date up to March 27, 2026, which is the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements.
Based on this review, the Company did not identify any subsequent event that would have required adjustment or disclosure in the consolidated
financial statements. F- 27 SIGNATURES Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on
its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized on March 27, 2026. GD CULTURE GROUP LIMITED By: /s/
    Xiaojian Wang Name: Xiaojian
    Wang Title: Chief
    Executive Officer, President and Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/
    Zihao Zhao Name: Zihao
    Zhao Title: Chief
    Financial Officer and Director ( Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Name Position Date /s/
    Xiaojian Wang Chief
    Executive Officer, President and March
    27, 2026 Xiaojian
    Wang Chairman
of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) /s/
    Zihao Zhao Chief
    Financial Officer and Director March
    27, 2026 Zihao
    Zhao (Principal
    Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) /s/
    Shuaiheng Zhang Director March
    27, 2026 Shuaiheng
    Zhang /s/
    Lei Zhang Director March
    27, 2026 Lei
    Zhang /s/
    Yun Zhang Director March
    27, 2026 Yun
    Zhang 77 2590292 +1-347 http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2025#DeferredIncomeTaxExpenseBenefit http://fasb.org/us-gaap/2025#IncomeTaxesPaid 2023 2025 http://fasb.org/srt/2025#ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember 0001641398 false FY 0001641398 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 2025-06-30 0001641398 2026-03-27 0001641398 2025-12-31 0001641398 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:ReceivablesFromStockholderMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:ParentMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:ReceivablesFromStockholderMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:ParentMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:ParentMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 2023-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2023-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2023-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2023-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember 2023-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:ParentMember 2023-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2023-12-31 0001641398 2023-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:PreferredStockMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:AccumulatedOtherComprehensiveIncomeLossDerivativeQualifyingAsHedgeExcludedComponentIncludingPortionAttributableToNoncontrollingInterestMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:ParentMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:WhollyForeignOwnedEnterpriseMember gdc:SHXianzhuiMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:TMSRHKMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:BeijingHeheMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:BeijingHeheMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:BeijingHeheMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-01-11 2024-01-11 0001641398 gdc:BeijingHeheMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-01-11 0001641398 gdc:SHXianzhuiMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:AcquisitionOfPallasMember 2025-09-08 0001641398 gdc:AcquisitionOfPallasMember 2025-09-08 2025-09-08 0001641398 gdc:AcquisitionOfPallasMember 2025-09-29 2025-09-29 0001641398 gdc:PallasMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:PallasCapitalHoldingLtdMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:OperatingBankAccountsMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 srt:ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember gdc:SHXianzhuiMember 2024-01-11 0001641398 gdc:GreenOasisLimitedMember 2025-01-23 0001641398 gdc:LoanAgreementsMember 2025-01-23 0001641398 gdc:LoanAgreementsMember 2025-03-04 2025-03-04 0001641398 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2025-03-04 0001641398 2025-03-04 2025-03-04 0001641398 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2025-03-04 2025-03-04 0001641398 2025-05-02 2025-05-02 0001641398 2025-05-02 0001641398 gdc:PreFundedWarrantsMember 2025-05-02 2025-05-02 0001641398 gdc:PreFundedWarrantsMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:PreFundedWarrantsMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 2025-10-24 2025-10-24 0001641398 2025-10-24 0001641398 gdc:CitiProfitBVIMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:HighlightHKMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:HighlightHKOneMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:HighlightWFOEMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:HighlightWFOEOneMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:AICatalysisMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:AICatalysisOneMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:SHXianzhuiMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:SHXianzhuiOneMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:PallasMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:PallasOneMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 currency:CNY 2025-12-31 0001641398 currency:CNY srt:MinimumMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 currency:CNY srt:MaximumMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 srt:MaximumMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:ExchangeWarrantsMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:ExchangeWarrantsMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:OfficeEquipmentMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:DigitalAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:DigitalAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:DigitalAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:DigitalAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:DigitalAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:DigitalAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:DigitalAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:DigitalAssetsMember us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel1Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel2Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:FairValueInputsLevel3Member us-gaap:FairValueMeasurementsRecurringMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 2025-07-08 0001641398 gdc:OfficeEquipmentAndFurnitureMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:OfficeEquipmentAndFurnitureMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:SoftwareChatBoxMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2025-04-28 2025-04-28 0001641398 gdc:SoftwareCopyrightMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:SoftwareCopyrightMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:SoftwareCopyrightMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:SoftwareDevelopmentMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:SoftwareDevelopmentMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:PurchaseOfSoftwareMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:PurchaseOfSoftwareMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:GreenOasisLimitedMember 2025-01-23 0001641398 gdc:MrXiaojianWangMember 2024-09-01 2025-03-31 0001641398 srt:ChiefExecutiveOfficerMember 2025-03-01 2025-05-31 0001641398 gdc:SellersMember 2025-09-29 0001641398 gdc:TwoShareholdersMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:OfficersMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:OfficersMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:XiaojianWangMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:XiaojianWangMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:XiaojianWangMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:XiaojianWangOneMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:XiaojianWangOneMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:XiaojianWangOneMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:XiaojianWangTwoMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:XiaojianWangTwoMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:XiaojianWangTwoMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:ZihaoZhaoMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:ZihaoZhaoMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:ZihaoZhaoMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:ZihaoZhaoOneMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:ZihaoZhaoOneMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:ZihaoZhaoOneMember us-gaap:RelatedPartyMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 stpr:NY 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 country:HK 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 country:HK 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:PRCMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:USTaxAuthoritiesMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:USTaxAuthoritiesMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:PRCMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:PRCMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 country:US 2025-12-31 0001641398 srt:MinimumMember country:US 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 srt:MaximumMember country:US 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 country:US 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:NewYorkCityMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 stpr:NJ 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 country:CN 2025-12-31 0001641398 country:CN 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:BeijingHeheMember 2024-01-11 2024-01-11 0001641398 gdc:SHXianzhuiMember 2024-01-11 0001641398 gdc:MarchTwoThousandAndTwentyFourOfferingPurchasersMember 2024-03-22 2024-03-22 0001641398 gdc:MarchTwoThousandAndTwentyFourOfferingPurchasersMember 2024-03-22 0001641398 gdc:March2024SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2024-03-22 0001641398 gdc:March2024SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2024-03-22 2024-03-22 0001641398 gdc:SoftwareMember 2024-05-31 0001641398 gdc:SoftwareMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-05-31 2024-05-31 0001641398 gdc:SoftwareMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-06-04 2024-06-04 0001641398 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-10-31 0001641398 2024-10-31 2024-10-31 0001641398 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-08-31 0001641398 us-gaap:WarrantMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-08-31 0001641398 gdc:Warrants1Member 2024-08-31 2024-08-31 0001641398 gdc:February2025OfferingMember 2025-02-10 2025-02-10 0001641398 gdc:March2025SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2025-03-04 2025-03-04 0001641398 gdc:March2025SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2025-03-04 0001641398 us-gaap:IPOMember 2025-03-04 2025-03-04 0001641398 2025-03-04 0001641398 gdc:March2025SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2025-05-02 2025-05-02 0001641398 gdc:March2025SecuritiesPurchaseAgreementMember 2025-05-02 0001641398 gdc:UnderwriterMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:GXQWMember 2025-04-28 2025-04-28 0001641398 gdc:SoftwareMember 2025-04-28 2025-04-28 0001641398 2025-09-08 0001641398 2025-09-29 2025-09-29 0001641398 gdc:ReverseStockSplitMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:ReverseStockSplitMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:March2024PlacementAgentWarrantsMember 2024-03-31 2024-03-31 0001641398 gdc:March2024PlacementAgentWarrantsMember 2024-03-31 0001641398 gdc:MayTwoZeroTwoFivePrefundedWarrantsMember 2025-05-31 0001641398 gdc:PreFundedWarrantsMember 2024-10-31 0001641398 gdc:PreFundedWarrantsMember us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-10-31 0001641398 gdc:PreFundedWarrantsMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:NovemberTwoThousandAndTwentyThreeRegisteredWarrantSharesMember 2024-03-26 0001641398 gdc:NovemberTwoThousandAndTwentyThreeRegisteredWarrantSharesMember 2024-10-16 0001641398 gdc:NovemberTwoThousandAndTwentyThreeRegisteredWarrantSharesMember 2024-10-17 0001641398 gdc:November2023RegisteredWarrantsMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:November2023RegisteredWarrantsMember 2025-04-30 0001641398 gdc:November2023RegisteredWarrantsMember 2025-04-30 2025-04-30 0001641398 gdc:NovemberTwoThousandAndTwentyThreeRegisteredWarrantSharesMember 2025-12-31 0001641398 gdc:NovemberTwoThousandAndTwentyThreeRegisteredWarrantSharesMember 2024-12-31 0001641398 gdc:NovemberTwoThousandAndTwentyThreeRegisteredWarrantSharesMember 2024-08-31 0001641398 2024-08-31 2024-08-31 0001641398 gdc:NovemberTwoThousandTwentyThreePreFundedWarrantsMember 2024-08-31 0001641398 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2024-12-31 2024-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2025-01-01 2025-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2023-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2023-12-31 2023-12-31 0001641398 us-gaap:WarrantMember 2024-01-01 2024-12-31 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure gdc:Bitcoin iso4217:HKD iso4217:CNY gdc:Segment

