TICKER: GECC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain challenges, labor market shortages and disputes, changes in interest rates, uncertainty related to evolving tariff and trade policies, geopolitical tensions, inflationary pressures, foreign currency fluctuations, and periods of volatility in global capital markets. Our portfolio companies are susceptible to economic slowdowns or recessions and may be unable to repay loans or notes during these periods. Therefore, our non‑performing assets may increase and the value of our portfolio may decrease during these periods as we are required to record the market value of our investments. Adverse economic conditions may also decrease the value of collateral securing some of our investments and the value of our equity investments. Economic slowdowns or recessions could lead to financial losses in our portfolio and a decrease in revenues, net income and assets. Unfavorable economic conditions also could increase our funding costs, limit our access to the capital markets or result in a decision by lenders not to extend credit to us. These events could prevent us from increasing investments and harm our operating results. A portfolio company’s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants in its agreements with us or other lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, acceleration of the time when the debt obligations are due and foreclosure on its secured assets, which could trigger cross‑defaults under other agreements and jeopardize the portfolio company’s ability to meet its obligations under the debt that we hold.  We may incur additional expenses to the extent necessary to seek recovery upon default or to negotiate new terms with a defaulting portfolio company.  In addition, if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we actually provided significant managerial assistance to that portfolio company, a bankruptcy court might re-characterize our debt holding and subordinate all or a portion of our claim to that of other creditors. See also "Defaults by our portfolio companies may harm our operating results" and "There may be circumstances where our debt investments could be subordinated to claims of other creditors or we could be subject to lender liability claims." Global economic, political and market conditions may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, including our revenue growth and profitability. The condition of the global financial market, as well as various social and political tensions in the United States and around the world, may contribute to increased market volatility, may have long-term effects on the U.S. and worldwide financial markets, may cause economic uncertainties or deterioration in the United States and worldwide, and may subject our investments to heightened risks. For example, the United States enacted significant new tariffs beginning in the first quarter of 2025, which led to significant volatility in global markets during the year. Further, the current U.S. Presidential administration has continued to propose additional significant tariffs as well as evaluate key aspects of U.S. trade policy, treaties and tariffs. Concerns over future increases in inflation, economic recession, as well as interest rate volatility and fluctuations in oil and gas prices resulting from global production and demand levels, as well as geopolitical tension, have exacerbated market volatility. Market volatility has been further exacerbated by social unrest, changes regarding immigration and work permit policies and other political and security concerns both in the United States and across various international regions. Because of interrelationships within the global financial markets, if these issues do not abate, or they worsen or spread, our and our portfolio companies, businesses may be adversely affected both within and outside of the directly affected regions These heightened risks could also include to: increased risk of default; greater social, trade, economic and political instability (including the risk of war or terrorist activity); greater governmental involvement in the economy; greater governmental supervision and regulation of the securities markets and market participants resulting in increased expenses related to compliance; greater fluctuations in currency exchange rates; controls or restrictions on foreign investment and/or trade, capital controls and limitations on repatriation of invested capital and on the ability to exchange currencies; inability to purchase and sell investments or otherwise settle transactions (i.e., a market freeze); and unavailability of hedging techniques. During times of political uncertainty and/or change, global markets often become more volatile. Markets experiencing political uncertainty and/or change could have substantial, and in some periods extremely high, rates of inflation for many years. Inflation and rapid fluctuations in inflation rates typically have negative effects on such countries’ economies and markets. Tax laws could change materially, and any changes in tax laws could have an unpredictable effect on us, our investments and our investors. Any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and result of operations. 32 We may acquire other funds, portfolios of assets or pools of debt and those acquisitions may not be successful. We may acquire other funds, portfolios of assets or pools of debt investments.  Any such acquisition program has a number of risks, including among others: ▪ management’s attention will be diverted from running our existing business by efforts to source, negotiate, close and integrate acquisitions; ▪ our due diligence investigation of potential acquisitions may not reveal risks inherent in the acquired business or assets; ▪ we may over‑value potential acquisitions resulting in dilution to you, incurrence of excessive indebtedness, asset write downs and negative perception of our common stock; ▪ the interests of our existing stockholders may be diluted by the issuance of additional shares of our common stock or preferred stock; ▪ we may borrow to finance acquisitions, and there are risks associated with borrowing as described in this Annual Report on Form 10-K; ▪ GECM has an incentive to increase our assets under management in order to increase its fee stream, which may not be aligned with the interests of our stockholders; ▪ we and GECM may not successfully integrate any acquired business or assets; and ▪ GECM may compensate the existing managers of any acquired business or assets in a manner that results in the combined company taking on excessive risk. Our failure to maintain our status as a BDC would reduce our operating flexibility. We elected to be regulated as a BDC under the Investment Company Act.  The Investment Company Act imposes numerous constraints on the operations of BDCs and their external advisers.  For example, BDCs are required to invest at least 70% of their gross assets in specified types of securities, primarily in private companies or illiquid U.S. public companies below a certain market capitalization, cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities and other high quality debt investments that mature in one year or less.  Furthermore, any failure to comply with the requirements imposed on BDCs by the Investment Company Act could cause the SEC to bring an enforcement action against us and/or expose us to claims of private litigants.  In addition, upon approval of a majority of our voting securities (as defined under the Investment Company Act), we may elect to withdraw our status as a BDC.  If we decide to withdraw our BDC election, or if we otherwise fail to qualify, or to maintain our qualification, as a BDC, we may be subject to substantially greater regulation under the Investment Company Act as a closed‑end management investment company.  Compliance with such regulations would significantly decrease our operating flexibility and would significantly increase our costs of doing business. Regulations governing our operations as a BDC affect our ability to raise additional capital and the way in which we do so.  As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. We may issue debt securities or preferred stock and/or borrow money from banks or other financial institutions, referred to collectively as “senior securities,” up to the maximum amount permitted under the Investment Company Act.  Under the provisions of the Investment Company Act applicable to BDCs, we are permitted to issue senior securities (e.g., notes and preferred stock) in amounts such that our asset coverage ratio, as defined in the Investment Company Act, equals at least 150% of gross assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities, after each issuance of senior securities.  If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy this test.  If that happens, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our leverage, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales may be disadvantageous.  Also, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness would not be available for distributions to our stockholders.  Furthermore, as a result of issuing senior securities, we would also be exposed to typical risks associated with leverage, including an increased risk of loss. Our Board may change our investment objectives, operating policies and strategies without prior notice or stockholder approval, the effects of which may be adverse. Our Board has the authority to modify or waive our investment objectives, current operating policies, investment criteria and strategies without prior notice and without stockholder approval.  We cannot predict the effect any changes to our current operating policies, investment criteria and strategies would have on our business, NAV and operating results. 33 We may have difficulty paying our required distributions under applicable tax rules if we recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be required to include in income certain amounts before our receipt of the cash attributable to such amounts, such as OID on a debt instrument, which generally is required to be taken into account for U.S. federal income tax purposes throughout the term of the debt instrument on a constant yield basis. Also, we may be required to include in income other amounts that we will not receive in cash, including, for example, non‑cash income from deferred payment securities and hedging and foreign currency transactions.  In addition, we intend to seek debt investments in the secondary market that represent attractive risk-adjusted returns, taking into account both stated interest rates and current market discounts to par value.  Such market discount may be included in income before we receive any corresponding cash payments (depending on whether certain elections are made). Certain of our debt investments earn PIK interest, resulting in income without receipt of cash. Since we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income, we may have difficulty meeting the U.S. federal income tax requirement to distribute generally an amount equal to at least 90% of our investment company taxable income to maintain our ability to generally avoid being subject to U.S. federal income tax at the corporate level.  Accordingly, we may have to sell some of our investments at times we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or reduce new investment originations to meet these distribution requirements.  If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify as a RIC and thus be subject to additional corporate‑level income taxes. However, in order to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement (as defined below) for a RIC, we may, but have no current intention to, declare a large portion of a dividend in shares of our common stock instead of in cash.  As long as a portion of such dividend is paid in cash and certain requirements are met, the entire distribution will be treated as a dividend for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a stockholder would be taxed on 100% of the fair market value of the shares received as part of the dividend on the date a stockholder received it in the same manner as a cash dividend, even though most of the dividend was paid in shares of our common stock. We may expose ourselves to risks associated with the inclusion of non-cash income prior to receipt of cash. To the extent we invest in debt instruments that result in OID for U.S. federal income tax purposes, including PIK loans, zero coupon bonds, and debt securities with attached warrants, investors will be exposed to the risks associated with the inclusion of such non-cash income in taxable and accounting income prior to receipt of cash. The deferred nature of payments on PIK loans creates specific risks.  Interest payments deferred on a PIK loan are subject to the risk that the borrower may default when the deferred payments are due in cash at the maturity of the loan.  Since the payment of PIK income does not result in cash payments to us, we may also have to sell some of our investments at times we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or reduce new investment originations (and thus hold higher cash or cash equivalent balances, which could reduce returns) to pay our expenses or make distributions to stockholders in the ordinary course of business, even if such loans do not default.  An election to defer PIK interest payments by adding them to principal increases our gross assets and, thus, increases future base management fees to GECM and, because interest payments will then be payable on a larger principal amount, the PIK election also increases GECM’s future Income Incentive Fees at a compounding rate.  The deferral of interest on a PIK loan increases its loan-to-value ratio, which is a measure of the riskiness of a loan. More generally, market prices of OID instruments are more volatile because they are impacted to a greater extent by interest rate changes than instruments that pay interest periodically in cash.  Ordinarily, OID would also create the risk of non-refundable cash payments to GECM based on non-cash accruals that may never be realized; however, this risk is mitigated since the Investment Management Agreement requires GECM to defer any incentive fees on Accrued Unpaid Income (as defined below), the effect of which is that Income Incentive Fees otherwise payable with respect to Accrued Unpaid Income become payable only if, as, when and to the extent cash is received by us or our subsidiaries in respect thereof. 34 Additionally, as described above, we may be required to make distributions of non-cash income to stockholders without receiving any cash so as to satisfy certain requirements necessary to maintain our ability to generally avoid being subject to corporate level income taxation. Such required cash distributions may have to be paid from the sale of our assets without investors being given any notice of this fact. The required recognition of non-cash income, including  OID, for U.S. federal income tax purposes may have a negative impact on liquidity because it represents a non-cash component of our taxable income that must, nevertheless, be distributed to investors to avoid us being subject to corporate level taxation. We may choose to pay distributions in our own stock, in which case stockholders may be required to pay tax in excess of the cash they receive. We may distribute a portion of our taxable distributions in the form of shares of our stock. In accordance with certain applicable U.S. Treasury regulations and other related administrative pronouncements issued by the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"), a RIC may be eligible to treat a distribution of its own stock as fulfilling its RIC distribution requirements if each stockholder is permitted to elect to receive its entire distribution in either cash or stock of the RIC, subject to the satisfaction of certain guidelines. If too many stockholders elect to receive cash, each stockholder electing to receive cash must receive a pro rata amount of cash (with the balance of the distribution paid in stock). If these and certain other requirements are met, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the amount of the distribution paid in stock generally will be equal to the amount of cash that could have been received instead of stock. Taxable stockholders receiving such distributions will be required to include the full amount of the distribution as ordinary income (or as long-term capital gain to the extent such distribution is properly reported as a capital gain dividend) to the extent of their share of our current and accumulated earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, a U.S. stockholder may be subject to tax with respect to such distributions in excess of any cash received. If a U.S. stockholder sells the stock it receives as a distribution in order to pay this tax, the sales proceeds may be less than the amount included in income with respect to the distribution, depending on the market price of our stock at the time of the sale, which would result in a capital loss, the deductibility of which is subject to limitations. Furthermore, with respect to non-U.S. stockholders, we may be required to withhold U.S. tax with respect to such distributions, including in respect of all or a portion of such distribution that is payable in stock. In addition, if a significant number of our stockholders determine to sell shares of our stock in order to pay taxes owed on distributions, such sales may put downward pressure on the trading price of our stock. We may expose our self to risks if we engage in hedging transactions. If we engage in hedging transactions, we may be exposed to risks associated with such transactions.  We may utilize instruments such as forward contracts, currency options and interest rate swaps, caps, collars and floors to seek to hedge against fluctuations in the relative values of our portfolio positions from changes in currency exchange rates and market interest rates.  Hedging against a decline in the values of our portfolio positions does not eliminate the possibility of fluctuations in the values of such positions or prevent losses if the values of such positions decline.  Such hedging transactions may also limit the opportunity for gain if the values of the underlying portfolio positions increase.  It may not be possible to hedge against an exchange rate or interest rate fluctuation that is generally anticipated because we may not be able to enter into a hedging transaction at an acceptable price.  Moreover, for a variety of reasons, we may not seek to establish a perfect correlation between such hedging instruments and the portfolio holdings being hedged. Any such imperfect correlation may prevent us from achieving the intended hedge and expose us to risk of loss.  In addition, it may not be possible to hedge fully or perfectly against currency fluctuations affecting the value of securities denominated in non‑U.S. currencies because the value of those securities is likely to fluctuate as a result of factors not related to currency fluctuations. We will be subject to corporate level U.S. federal income tax if we are unable to meet certain RIC qualification and distribution requirements under the Code. No assurance can be given that we will be able to qualify for and maintain RIC status and generally avoid corporate-level U.S. federal income taxation. To maintain RIC tax treatment under the Code, we must meet certain annual distribution, source of income and asset diversification requirements. 35 The Annual Distribution Requirement (as defined below) for a RIC will be satisfied if we distribute to our stockholders on an annual basis at least 90% of our net ordinary income and realized net short‑term capital gains in excess of realized net long‑term capital losses, if any.  Because we may use debt financing, we may be subject to asset coverage ratio requirements under the Investment Company Act and financial covenants under loan and credit agreements that could, under certain circumstances, restrict us from making distributions necessary to satisfy the distribution requirement.  If we are unable to make the required distributions, we could fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thus become subject to corporate‑level U.S. federal income tax. The source of income requirement will be satisfied if we obtain at least 90% of our income for each year from dividends, interest, gains from the sale of stock or securities or similar sources. The asset diversification requirement will be satisfied if we meet certain asset diversification requirements at the end of each quarter of our taxable year.  Failure to meet the asset diversification requirements could result in us having to dispose of investments quickly in order to prevent the loss of RIC status.  Because most of our investments will be relatively illiquid, any such dispositions could be made at disadvantageous prices and could result in substantial losses.  Further, the illiquidity of our investments may make them difficult or impossible to dispose of in a timely manner. If we fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment for any reason and become subject to corporate U.S. federal income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution and the amount of our distributions and the value of our shares of common stock. We cannot predict how tax reform legislation will affect us, our investments, or our stockholders, and any such legislation could adversely affect our business. Legislative or other actions relating to taxes could have a negative effect on us. The rules dealing with U.S. federal income taxation are constantly under review by persons involved in the legislative process and by the IRS and the U.S. Treasury Department.  We cannot predict with certainty how any changes in the tax laws might affect us, our stockholders, or our portfolio investments. New legislation and any U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations or court decisions interpreting such legislation could significantly and negatively affect our ability to qualify for tax treatment as a RIC or the U.S. federal income tax consequences to us and our stockholders of such qualification, or could have other adverse consequences. Investors are urged to consult with their tax advisors regarding tax legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in our securities. The incentive fee structure and the formula for calculating the management fee may incentivize GECM to pursue speculative investments, advise us to use leverage when it may be unwise to do so, or advise us to refrain from reducing debt levels when it would otherwise be appropriate to do so. The incentive fee payable by us to GECM creates an incentive for GECM to pursue investments on our behalf that are riskier or more speculative than would be the case in the absence of such a compensation arrangement. The incentive fee payable to GECM is calculated based on a percentage of our return on invested capital.  In addition, GECM’s base management fee is calculated on the basis of our gross assets, including assets acquired through the use of leverage. This may encourage GECM to use leverage to increase the aggregate amount of and the return on our investments, even when it may not be appropriate to do so, and to refrain from reducing debt levels when it would otherwise be appropriate to do so.  The use of leverage increases our likelihood of default, which would impair the value of our securities. In addition, GECM will receive the incentive fee based, in part, upon net capital gains realized on our investments. Unlike that portion of the incentive fee based on income, there will be no hurdle rate applicable to the portion of the incentive fee based on net capital gains. As a result, GECM may have a tendency to invest more capital in investments that are likely to result in capital gains as compared to income producing securities. Such a practice could result in us investing in more speculative securities than would otherwise be the case, which could result in higher investment losses, particularly during economic downturns. We may invest in the securities and instruments of other investment companies, including private funds, and we will bear our ratable share of any such investment company’s expenses, including management and performance fees.  We will also remain obligated to pay management and incentive fees to GECM with respect to the assets invested in the securities and instruments of other investment companies. With respect to each of these investments, each of our stockholders will bear its share of the management and incentive fee payable to GECM, as well as indirectly bearing the management and performance fees and other expenses of any investment companies in which we invest. 36 In addition, if we purchase our debt instruments and such purchase results in our recording a net gain on the extinguishment of debt for financial reporting and tax purposes, such net gain will be included in our pre‑incentive fee net investment income for purposes of determining the Income Incentive Fee payable to GECM under the Investment Management Agreement. Finally, the incentive fee payable by us to GECM also may create an incentive for GECM to invest on our behalf in instruments that have a deferred interest feature such as investments with PIK provisions.  Under these investments, we would accrue the interest over the life of the investment but would typically not receive the cash income from the investment until the end of the term or upon the investment being called by the issuer. Our net investment income used to calculate the income portion of our incentive fee, however, includes accrued interest. The portion of the incentive fee that is attributable to deferred interest, such as PIK, will not be paid to GECM until we receive such interest in cash.  Even though such portion of the incentive fee will be paid only when the accrued income is collected, the accrued income is capitalized and included in the calculation of the base management fee.  In other words, when deferred interest income (such as PIK) is accrued, a corresponding Income Incentive Fee (if any) is also accrued (but not paid) based on that income. After the accrual of such income, it is capitalized and added to the debt balance, which increases our total assets and thus the base management fee paid following such capitalization.  If any such interest is reversed in connection with any write-off or similar treatment of the investment, we will reverse the Income Incentive Fee accrual and an Income Incentive Fee will not be payable with respect to such uncollected interest. If a portfolio company defaults on a loan that is structured to provide accrued interest, it is possible that accrued interest previously used in the calculation of the incentive fee will become uncollectible, which would result in the reversal of any previously accrued and unpaid incentive fees. We may be obligated to pay our investment adviser certain fees even if we incur a loss. Our Investment Advisory Agreement entitles the Adviser to receive an income-based incentive fee regardless of any capital losses. In such case, we may be required to pay the Adviser incentive compensation for a fiscal quarter even if there is a decline in the value of our portfolio or if we incur a net loss for that quarter. In addition, any income-based incentive fee may be computed and paid on income that may include interest that has been accrued but not yet received. If a portfolio company defaults on a loan that is structured to provide accrued interest, it is possible that accrued interest previously included in the calculation of the incentive fee will become uncollectible. The Adviser is not under any obligation to reimburse us for any part of the incentive fee it received that was based on accrued income that we never received as a result of a default by an entity on the obligation that resulted in the accrual of such income, and such circumstances would result in our paying an incentive fee on income we never received. A general increase in interest rates will likely have the effect of making it easier for GECM to receive incentive fees, without necessarily resulting in an increase in our net earnings. Given the structure of the Investment Management Agreement, any general increase in interest rates will likely have the effect of making it easier for GECM to meet the quarterly hurdle rate for payment of Income Incentive Fees under the Investment Management Agreement without any additional increase in relative performance on the part of GECM. In addition, in view of the catch‑up provision applicable to Income Incentive Fees under the Investment Management Agreement, GECM could potentially receive a significant portion of the increase in our investment income attributable to such a general increase in interest rates. If that were to occur, our increase in net earnings, if any, would likely be significantly smaller than the relative increase in GECM’s Income Incentive Fee resulting from such a general increase in interest rates. GECM has the right to resign on 60 days’ notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. GECM has the right, under the Investment Management Agreement, to resign at any time upon not more than 60 days’ written notice, whether we have found a replacement or not. If GECM resigns, we may not be able to find a new investment adviser or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption; our financial condition, business and results of operations, as well as our ability to pay distributions are likely to be adversely affected; and the market price of our common stock may decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and investment activities is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution or group of executives having the expertise possessed by our investment adviser and its affiliates. Even if we are able to retain comparable management, whether internal or external, the integration of such management and their lack of familiarity with our 37 investment objective and current investment portfolio may result in additional costs and time delays that may adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. We incur significant costs as a result of being a publicly traded company. As a publicly traded company, we incur legal, accounting and other expenses, including costs associated with the periodic reporting requirements applicable to a company whose securities are registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as well as additional corporate governance requirements, including requirements under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the Dodd‑Frank Act of 2010 and other rules implemented by our government. Changes in laws or regulations governing our operations may adversely affect our business or cause us to alter our business strategy. We and our portfolio companies are subject to applicable local, state and federal laws and regulations. New legislation may be enacted or new interpretations, rulings or regulations could be adopted, including those governing the types of investments we are permitted to make, any of which could harm us and you, potentially with retroactive effect. Regulators are also increasing scrutiny and implementing and considering regulation of the use of artificial intelligence technologies, including with respect to uses of artificial intelligence by investment advisers. While comprehensive U.S. regulation has not been enacted to date, various U.S. governmental agencies and departments,including the SEC and Department of the Treasury, have recently released reports or otherwise indicated interest in assessing risks relating to uses of artificial intelligence by businesses such as ours. Some specific laws governing artificial intelligence have already been passed in certain U.S. states and in the EU. We cannot predict what, if any,effects this may have on our business or the nature of future regulations. Additionally, any changes to the laws and regulations governing our operations relating to permitted investments may cause us to alter our investment strategy in order to avail ourself of new or different opportunities. Such changes could result in material differences to the strategies and plans and may result in our investment focus shifting from the areas of expertise of GECM to other types of investments in which the investment committee may have less expertise or little or no experience. Thus, any such changes, if they occur, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. There is, and will be, uncertainty as to the value of our portfolio investments. Under the Investment Company Act, we are required to carry our portfolio investments at market value or, if there is no readily available market value, at fair value as determined by us in accordance with our written valuation policy, with GECM, as valuation designee, having final responsibility for overseeing, reviewing and approving, in good faith, our estimate of fair value. Often, there will not be a public market for the securities of the privately held companies in which we invest. As a result, we will value these securities on a quarterly basis at fair value based on input from management, third party independent valuation firms and our audit committee, with the oversight, review and approval of GECM, as valuation designee. We consult with an independent valuation firm in valuing all securities in which we invest classified as “Level 3,” other than investments which are less than 1% of NAV as of the applicable quarter end.  See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates—Valuation of Portfolio Investments.” The determination of fair value and consequently, the amount of unrealized gains and losses in our portfolio, are subjective and dependent on a valuation process approved and overseen by our Board. Factors that may be considered in determining the fair value of our investments include, among others, estimates of the collectability of the principal and interest on our debt investments and expected realization on our equity investments, as well as external events, such as private mergers, sales and acquisitions involving comparable companies. Because such valuations, and particularly valuations of private securities and private companies and small cap public companies, are inherently uncertain, they may fluctuate over short periods of time and may be based on estimates. Our determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that would have been used if a ready market for these securities existed. Due to this uncertainty, our fair value determinations may cause our NAV on a given date to materially misstate the value that we may ultimately realize on one or more of our investments. As a result, investors purchasing our securities based on an overstated NAV would pay a higher price than the value of our investments might warrant. Conversely, investors selling securities during a period in which the NAV understates the value of our investments will receive a lower price for their securities than the value of our investments might otherwise warrant. 38 Our financial condition and results of operations depend on our ability to effectively manage and deploy capital. Our ability to achieve our investment objective depends on our ability to effectively manage and deploy capital, which depends, in turn, on GECM’s ability to identify, evaluate and monitor, and our ability to finance and invest in, companies that meet our investment criteria. Accomplishing our investment objective on a cost‑effective basis is largely a function of GECM’s handling of the investment process, its ability to provide competent, attentive and efficient services and its access to investments offering acceptable terms.  In addition to monitoring the performance of our existing investments, GECM may also be called upon, from time to time, to provide managerial assistance to some of our portfolio companies.  These demands on their time may distract them or slow the rate of investment. Even if we are able to grow and build out our investment operations, any failure to manage our growth effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.  Our results of operations will depend on many factors, including the availability of opportunities for investment, readily accessible short and long‑term funding alternatives in the financial markets and economic conditions. We may hold assets in cash or short-term treasury securities in situations where we or GECM expects downward pricing in the high yield market.  Our strategic decision not to be fully invested may, from time to time, reduce funds available for distribution and cause downward pressure on the price of our common stock. The failure in cyber security systems, as well as the occurrence of events unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems and management continuity planning affecting us or our third-party service providers, could impair our ability to conduct business effectively. The occurrence of a disaster such as a cyber‑attack, a natural catastrophe, an epidemic or pandemic, an industrial accident, a terrorist attack or war, events anticipated or unanticipated in our disaster recovery systems, or a failure in externally provided data systems, could have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct business and on our results of operations and financial condition, particularly if those events affect our computer‑based data processing, transmission, storage and retrieval systems or destroy data.  Our ability to effectively conduct our business could be severely compromised.  The financial markets we operate in are dependent upon third party data systems to link buyers and sellers and provide pricing information. We depend heavily upon computer systems to perform necessary business functions.  Our computer systems could be subject to cyber‑attacks and unauthorized access, such as physical and electronic break‑ins or unauthorized tampering, particularly as threat actors use artificial intelligence technologies to deploy these attacks. Artificial intelligence tools may also be susceptible to new forms of cyber attacks, such as prompt injection attacks, which may increase our cyber security risks where we implement artificial intelligence technologies in our business.  Like other companies, we expect to experience threats to our data and systems, including malware and computer virus attacks, unauthorized access, system failures and disruptions.  These failures and disruptions may be more likely to occur as a result of employees working remotely.  If one or more of these events occurs, it could potentially jeopardize the confidential, proprietary and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted through, our computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations, which could result in damage to our reputation, financial losses, litigation, increased costs, regulatory penalties and/or customer dissatisfaction or loss, respectively. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our information systems, both internal and those provided by third-party service providers. We cannot guarantee that third parties and infrastructure in our networks or our partners’ networks have not been compromised or that they do not contain exploitable defects or bugs that could result in a breach of or disruption to our information technology systems or the third-party information technology systems that support our services. Our ability to monitor these third parties’ information security practices is limited, and they may not have adequate information security measures in place. 39 We are dependent on information systems and systems failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect our liquidity, financial condition or results of operations. Our business is dependent on our and third parties’ communications and information systems. Further, in the ordinary course of our business we or GECM may engage third party service providers to provide us with services necessary for the operation of our business. Any failure or interruption of such systems or services could cause delays or other problems in our business activities. Our financial, accounting, data processing, backup or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate properly or become disabled or damaged as a result of a number of factors including events that are wholly or partially beyond our control and adversely affect our business. Such events, in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results and adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Ineffective i nterna l controls could impact our business and operating results. Our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Even effective internal controls can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and operating results could be harmed and we could fail to meet our financial reporting obligations. Technological developments in artificial intelligence could disrupt the markets in which we operate and subject us to increased competition, legal and regulatory risks and compliance costs. Artificial intelligence, including machine learning technology and generative artificial intelligence, is rapidly evolving. While the full extent of current or future risks related thereto is not possible to predict, artificial intelligence could significantly disrupt the business models and markets in which we operate and subject us to increased competition, legal and regulatory risks and compliance costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our or our portfolio companies’ business, financial condition and results of operations.We, our investment adviser and our administrator use and plan to expand our use of artificial intelligence tools and technologies in the operation of our business. In addition, certain of our portfolio companies use and may plan to expand their use of artificial intelligence tools and technologies in the operation of their businesses. These uses come with potential risks, including, but not limited to, generation of inaccurate results, misuse or disclosures of confidential information, infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, potential cybersecurity vulnerabilities, reputational risk, and regulatory burdens. Artificial intelligence models may create outputs that are flawed, inaccurate, biased, or that infringe or misappropriate intellectual property of third parties. The models may also be subject to new or different modes of cyber attacks, including prompt injection attacks, and such attacks may be able to circumvent our cybersecurity tools and processes. To the extent we, our investment adviser, our administrator, or any of our portfolio companies rely on such technologies, these risks could negatively impact us or our portfolio companies. There is also a risk that artificial intelligence tools or applications may be misused by employees and/or third parties engaged by us, our adviser or administrator, or by our portfolio companies. For example, an employee of our adviser may input confidential information, including material non-public information,trade secrets, or personal information, into artificial intelligence technologies in a manner that results in such information becoming part of a data set that is accessible by third-party artificial intelligence applications and users,including our competitors. Further, we, our adviser or administrator or our portfolio companies may not be able to control how third-party artificial intelligence technologies that we or they choose to use are developed or maintained, or how data we or they input is used or disclosed, even where contractual protections with respect to these matters have been sought. The misuse or misappropriation of our data could have an adverse impact on our reputation and could subject us to legal and regulatory investigations and/or actions. The misuse or misappropriation of data of any of our portfolio companies could have an adverse impact on such businesses reputation and could subject such portfolio company to legal and regulatory investigations and/or actions. 40 We or our portfolio companies may also be exposed to competitive risks related to the adoption of artificial intelligence or other new technologies by others within our respective industries. If our or our portfolio companies’ competitors are more successful than us or our portfolio companies in the use of artificial intelligence or development of services or products based on artificial intelligence, or we or our portfolio companies do so at a slower pace than others, we or our portfolio companies may be at a competitive disadvantage. In addition, our or our portfolio companies’ investments in technology systems and artificial intelligence may not deliver the benefits we or they expect, which could be costly for our or their respective businesses.Finally, regulations related to artificial intelligence may also impose on us or our portfolio companies certain obligations and costs related to monitoring and compliance, and we or they could be subject to regulatory actions if we or they are deemed not to have complied. Terrorist attacks, acts of war, natural disasters or an epidemic or pandemic may affect the market for our securities, impact the businesses in which we invest and harm our business, operating results and financial condition. Terrorist acts, acts of war, natural disasters or an epidemic or pandemic may disrupt our operations, as well as the operations of the businesses in which we invest.  Such acts, including, for example, Russia’s February 2022 invasion of Ukraine and conflicts and political unrest in the Middle East and South America, have created, and continue to create, economic and political uncertainties and have contributed to global economic instability. In addition, social unrest, changes regarding immigration and work permit policies and other political and security concerns may not abate, which may cause the debt and equity capital markets and our business to be adversely affected both within and outside of regions experiencing ongoing conflicts. Additionally, a public health epidemic or pandemic, poses the risk that we, GECM, our portfolio companies or other business partners may be prevented from conducting business activities for an indefinite period of time, including due to shutdowns that may be requested or mandated by governmental authorities. While it is not possible at this time to estimate the impact that any such event could have on our business, the continued occurrence thereof and the measures taken by the governments of countries affected in response thereto could disrupt global markets, supply chains and the manufacture or shipment of products and adversely impact our business, financial condition or results of operations or those of our portfolio companies. Future terrorist activities, military or security operations, or natural disasters could further weaken the domestic/global economies and create additional uncertainties, which may negatively impact the businesses in which we invest directly or indirectly and, in turn, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results and financial condition.  Losses from terrorist attacks and natural disasters are generally uninsurable. There are significant potential conflicts of interest that could impact our investment returns. Conflicts may arise in allocating and structuring investments, time, services, expenses or resources among the investment activities of GECC, GECM, other GECM-affiliated entities and the employees of GECM. Certain of our executive officers and directors, and members of the investment committee of GECM, serve or may serve as officers, directors or principals of entities, including ICAM or funds managed by ICAM, and affiliates of GECM and investment funds managed by our affiliates that operate in the same or related lines of business as GECC. Accordingly, they may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which might not be in our or our stockholders’ best interests or that may require them to devote time to services for other entities, which could interfere with the time available to provide services to us.  For example, Matt Kaplan, our President and Chief Executive Officer, is a portfolio manager at GECM and a member of its investment committee. Further, we may not be given the opportunity to participate in certain investments made by investment funds managed by advisers affiliated with GECM and any advisers that may in the future become affiliated with GEG. GEG, the parent company of GECM, currently holds approximately 9.7% of our outstanding common stock. 41 Although funds managed by GECM may have different primary investment objectives than us, they may from time to time invest in asset classes similar to those we target. GECM is not restricted from raising an investment fund with investment objectives similar to ours.  Any such funds may also, from time to time, invest in asset classes similar to those targeted by, and eligible for purchase by, us. GECM will endeavor to allocate investment opportunities in a fair and equitable manner, and in any event consistent with any duties owed to us and such other funds. It is possible that we may not be given the opportunity to participate in investments made by investment funds managed by investment managers affiliated with GECM. To the extent that we compete with entities managed by GECM or any of its affiliates for a particular investment opportunity, GECM will allocate investment opportunities across the entities for which such opportunities are appropriate, consistent with (1) its internal investment allocation policies (which provide that no allocation decisions may be based on the fees or allocations paid by a particular client), (2) the requirements of the Advisers Act, and (3) restrictions under the Investment Company Act regarding co-investments with affiliates, including the requirements of the Exemptive Relief Order (as defined below). There is no guarantee that any conflicts of interest regarding investment allocations will be resolved in favor of the Company. Our participation in any negotiated co-investment opportunities (other than those in which the only term negotiated is price) with investment funds managed by investment managers under common control with GECM (as well as with proprietary accounts of an affiliate of GECM) is subject to compliance with the SEC order dated July 18, 2025 (the “Exemptive Relief Order”). The allocation of all or a portion of an investment opportunity to co-investors could result in lower returns for us than had we taken the full opportunity for ourself. There may be certain investment opportunities that fall outside the scope of the Exemptive Relief Order or otherwise may not be permitted to be allocated to us. Accordingly, we may not be able to participate in all investment opportunities that GECM determines would otherwise be suitable for us. We pay management and incentive fees to GECM, and reimburse GECM for certain expenses it incurs.  In addition, investors in our common stock will invest on a gross basis and receive distributions on a net basis after expenses, resulting in, among other things, a lower rate of return than one might achieve through direct investments. GECM’s management fee is based on a percentage of our total assets (other than cash or cash equivalents but including assets purchased with borrowed funds and other forms of leverage) and GECM may have conflicts of interest in connection with decisions that could affect our total assets, such as decisions as to whether to incur indebtedness. The use of leverage increases the likelihood of default on our debt or other leverage, which would disfavor investors in our common stock. The part of the incentive fee payable by us that relates to our pre-incentive fee net investment income is computed on income that may include interest that is accrued but not yet received in cash, but payment is made on such accrual only once corresponding income is received in cash.  If a portfolio company defaults on a loan that is structured to provide accrued interest, it is possible that accrued interest previously used in the calculation of the incentive fee will become uncollectible, which would result in the reversal of any previously accrued and unpaid incentive fees.  On April 6, 2022, our Board and the independent directors approved the amendment to the Investment Management Agreement (the “Amendment”) to eliminate $163.2 million of realized and unrealized losses incurred prior to April 1, 2022 from the calculation of the Capital Gains Incentive Fee and reset the Capital Gains Commencement Date (as defined below) and the mandatory deferral commencement date, effectively resetting the incentive fee total return hurdle, which was subsequently approved by our stockholders on August 1, 2022. The Investment Management Agreement renews for successive annual periods if approved by our Board or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, approval by a majority of our directors who are not interested persons.  However, we and GECM each have the right to terminate the agreement without penalty upon 60 days’ written notice to the other party.  Moreover, conflicts of interest may arise if GECM seeks to change the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, including, for example, the terms for compensation. Except in limited circumstances, any material change to the Investment Management Agreement must be submitted to our stockholders for approval under the Investment Company Act, and we may from time to time decide it is appropriate to seek stockholder approval to change the terms of the agreement. 42 Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, we pay GECM our allocable portion of overhead and other expenses incurred by GECM in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including our allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs. We and GECM have adopted compliance policies and procedures that are reasonably designed to address the various conflicts of interest that may arise in good faith. As a result of the arrangements described above, there may be times when our management team has interests that differ from those of our stockholders, giving rise to a conflict. Our stockholders may have conflicting investment, tax and other objectives with respect to their investments in us.  The conflicting interests of individual stockholders may relate to or arise from, among other things, the nature of our investments, the structure or the acquisition of our investments, and the timing of disposition of our investments.  As a consequence, conflicts of interest may arise in connection with decisions we make, including with respect to the nature or structuring of our investments, that may be more beneficial for one stockholder than for another stockholder, especially with respect to stockholders' individual tax situations.  In selecting and structuring investments appropriate for us, GECM will consider our investment and tax objectives and our stockholders, as a whole, not the investment, tax or other objectives of any stockholder individually. Our investment adviser’s liability is limited under the Investment Management Agreement, and we are required to indemnify our investment adviser against certain liabilities, which may lead our investment adviser to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. GECM has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render the services described in the Investment Management Agreement, and it will not be responsible for any action of our board of directors in declining to follow GECM’s advice or recommendations. Pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement, GECM, its members and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members and any other persons affiliated with it will not be liable to us for their acts under the Investment Management Agreement, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of their duties. We have agreed to indemnify, defend and protect GECM, its members and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons and members and any other persons or entities affiliated with it with respect to all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of GECM’s duties or obligations under the Investment Management Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser for us, and not arising out of willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard in the performance of their duties under the Investment Management Agreement. These protections may lead GECM to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. Risks Relating to Our Common Stock Our common stock price may be volatile and may decrease substantially, and an investor may lose money in connection with an investment in our shares. The trading price of our common stock will likely fluctuate substantially.  The price of our common stock may increase or decrease, depending on many factors, some of which are beyond our control and may not be directly related to our operating performance. These factors include, but are not limited to, the following: ▪ price and volume fluctuations in the overall stock market from time to time; ▪ investor demand for our shares; ▪ significant volatility in the market price and trading volume of securities of BDCs or other companies in our sector, which are not necessarily related to the operating performance of these companies; ▪ exclusion of our common stock from certain indices, such as the Russell 2000 Financial Services Index, which could reduce the ability of certain investment funds to own our common stock and put short‑term selling pressure on our common stock; ▪ changes in regulatory policies, accounting pronouncements or tax guidelines, particularly with respect to RICs or BDCs; ▪ failure to qualify as a RIC, or the loss of RIC status; ▪ changes in market interest rates and decline in the prices of debt; 43 ▪ any shortfall in revenue or net income or any increase in losses from levels expected by investors or securities analysts; ▪ changes, or perceived changes, in the value of our portfolio investments; ▪ departures of GECM’s key personnel; ▪ uncertainty surrounding the strength of the U.S. economy; ▪ uncertainty between the U.S. and other countries with respect to trade policies, treaties, and tariffs; ▪ uncertainty regarding U.S. immigration and work permit policies; ▪ an increase in negative global media coverage relating to the private credit industry; ▪ operating performance of companies comparable to GECC; or ▪ general economic conditions and trends and other external factors. In addition, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market, or the market perception that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. If the price of shares of our common stock decreases for any of these or other reasons, an investor may lose money if he were to sell his shares of our common stock. In addition, following periods of volatility in the market price of a company’s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Due to the potential volatility of the price of our securities, we may become the target of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources from our business. Provisions of the Maryland General Corporation Law and our organizational documents could deter takeover attempts and have an adverse impact on the prices of our common stock. The Maryland General Corporation Law and our organizational documents contain provisions that may discourage, delay or make more difficult a change in control of GECC or the removal of our directors. Our Board has adopted a resolution that any business combination between us and any other person is exempted from the provisions of the Maryland Business Combination Act, provided that the business combination is first approved by our Board, including a majority of the directors who are not interested persons as defined in the Investment Company Act. This resolution may be altered or repealed in whole or in part at any time; however, our Board will adopt resolutions so as to make us subject to the provisions of the Maryland Business Combination Act only if our Board determines that it would be in our best interests and if the SEC staff does not object to our determination that GECC being subject to the Business Combination Act does not conflict with the Investment Company Act. If this resolution is repealed, or the Board does not otherwise approve a business combination, the statute may discourage others from trying to acquire control of us and increase the difficulty of consummating any offer.  Our Board could amend our bylaws to repeal our current exemption from the Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act.  The Maryland Control Share Acquisition Act also may make it more difficult for a third party to obtain control of GECC and increase the difficulty of consummating such a transaction. Our bylaws designate the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees. Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Circuit Court for Baltimore City, Maryland, or, if that Court does not have jurisdiction, the U.S. District Court for the District of Maryland, Baltimore Division, will be the sole and exclusive forum for: (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of any duty owed by any of our directors or officers or other employees to us or to our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of the MGCL or our charter or bylaws or (d) any action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors or officers or other employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding any interest in shares of our common stock shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented and waived any objection to this exclusive forum provision of our bylaws, as the same may be amended from time to time. Our board of directors, without stockholder approval, adopted this exclusive forum provision so that we can respond to such litigation more efficiently, reduce the costs associated with our responses to such litigation, particularly litigation that might 44 otherwise be brought in multiple forums, and make it less likely that plaintiffs’ attorneys will be able to employ such litigation to coerce us into otherwise unjustified settlements. However, this exclusive forum provision may limit a stockholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that such stockholder believes is favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, if any, and may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers or other employees, if any. We believe the risk of a court declining to enforce this exclusive forum provision is remote, as the General Assembly of Maryland has specifically amended the MGCL to authorize the adoption of such provision. However, if a court were to find such provision inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings notwithstanding that the MGCL expressly provides that the charter or bylaws of a Maryland corporation may require that any claim of the sort mentioned above be brought in courts sitting in one or more specified jurisdictions, we may incur additional costs that we do not currently anticipate associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our Board is authorized to reclassify any unissued shares of common stock into one or more classes of preferred stock, which could convey special rights and privileges to its owners. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law and our organizational documents, our Board is authorized to classify and reclassify any authorized but unissued shares of stock into one or more classes of stock, including preferred stock. Prior to issuance of shares of each class or series, our Board is required by Maryland law and our charter to set the terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption for each class or series. Thus, our Board could authorize the issuance of shares of preferred stock with terms and conditions which could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a transaction or a change in control that might involve premium prices for holders of our common stock or otherwise be in their best interest. The cost of any such reclassification would be borne by our common stockholders. Certain matters under the Investment Company Act require the separate vote of the holders of any issued and outstanding preferred stock.  For example, holders of preferred stock would vote as a separate class from the holders of common stock on a proposal to cease operations as a BDC. In addition, the Investment Company Act provides that holders of preferred stock are entitled to vote separately from holders of common stock to elect two preferred stock directors.  The issuance of preferred stock convertible into shares of common stock may also reduce the net income and NAV per share of our common stock upon conversion. These effects, among others, could have an adverse effect on an investment in our common stock. Shares of closed-end investment companies, including BDCs, frequently trade at a discount from their NAV. Shares of closed-end investment companies, including BDCs, frequently trade at a discount from their NAV. This characteristic of closed-end investment companies is separate and distinct from the risk that our NAV per share of common stock may decline. It is not possible to accurately predict whether any shares of our common stock will trade at, above, or below NAV. In the recent past, the stocks of BDCs as an industry, including at times shares of our common stock, have traded at a discount to NAV, which at times, has been significant. When our common stock is trading below its NAV per share, we will generally not be able to issue additional shares of our common stock at its market price without first obtaining approval for such issuance from our stockholders and our independent directors. We may, however, sell our common stock, or warrants, options or rights to acquire our common stock, at a price below the then-current NAV per share of our common stock if our Board determines that such sale is in the best interests of GECC and our stockholders approve such sale. In any such case, the price at which our securities are to be issued and sold may not be less than a price that, in the determination of our Board, equals the fair value of such securities (less any distributing commission or discount calculated). If we raise additional funds by issuing more common stock or senior securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, our common stock, then the percentage of our existing stockholders’ ownership at that time will decrease, and they may experience dilution. 45 Our stockholders may not receive distributions or our distributions may not grow over time and a portion of our distributions may be a return of capital. We intend to make distributions to our stockholders out of assets legally available for distribution (i.e., not subject to any legal restrictions under Maryland law on the distribution thereof).  We cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. Our ability to pay distributions might be adversely affected by the impact of one or more of the

--- VENDORS ---
vendors of the prospective portfolio company; and ▪ informal or formal background and reference checks. Upon the completion of due diligence and a decision to proceed with an investment in a company, the investment professionals leading the diligence process present the opportunity to GECM’s investment committee, which then determines whether to pursue the potential investment. Approval of Investment Transactions GECM’s procedures call for each new investment under consideration by the GECM analysts to be preliminarily reviewed at periodic meetings of GECM’s investment team. GECM’s investment team then prepares a summary of the investment, including a financial model and risk cases and a legal review checklist. GECM’s investment committee then will hold a formal review meeting, and following approval of a specific investment, authorization is given to GECM’s trader, including execution guidelines. GECM’s investment analysts provide regular updates of the positions for which they are responsible to members of GECM’s investment committee. GECM’s investment analysts and portfolio manager will jointly decide when to sell a position in consultation with members of the GECM investment committee.  The sale decision will then be given to GECM’s trader, who will execute the trade. Ongoing Relationship with Portfolio Companies As a BDC, we offer, and sometimes provide upon request, significant managerial assistance to certain of our portfolio companies. This assistance could involve, among other things, monitoring the operations of our portfolio companies, participating in board and management meetings, consulting with and advising officers of our portfolio companies and providing other organizational and financial guidance. GECM’s investment team monitors our portfolio companies on an ongoing basis. They monitor the financial trends of each portfolio company and its respective industry to assess the appropriate course of action for each investment. GECM’s ongoing monitoring of a portfolio company will include both a qualitative and quantitative analysis of the company and its industry. Valuation Procedures We value our assets, an essential input in the determination of our net asset value (“NAV”) consistent with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (“GAAP”) and as required by the Investment Company Act. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations–Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” for an extended discussion of our methodology. 5 Staffing We do not currently have any employees.  Mr. Kaplan is our President and Chief Executive Officer and Portfolio Manager for GECM, as well as a Managing Director of Imperial Capital Asset Management, LLC (“ICAM”).  Under an Administration Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2016 (the “Administration Agreement”), by and between us and GECM, GECM provides the services of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer. GECM has entered into a shared services agreement with ICAM, pursuant to which ICAM will make available to GECM certain employees of ICAM to provide back-office services to GECM in exchange for reimbursement by GECM of the allocated portion of such employees’ time. Competition We compete for investments with other BDCs and investment funds (including private equity funds, hedge funds, mutual funds, mezzanine funds and small business investment companies), as well as traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks, direct lending funds and other sources of funding. Additionally, because there is competition for investment opportunities among alternative investment vehicles, those entities have begun to invest in areas they have not traditionally invested in, including making investments in the types of portfolio companies we target. Many of these entities have greater financial and managerial resources than we do. Exemptive Relief We have received exemptive relief from the SEC that will allow us to co-invest, together with other investment vehicles managed by GECM (as well as with proprietary accounts of an affiliate of GECM), in specific investment opportunities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the SEC order granting such exemptive relief. Investment Management Agreement Management Services GECM serves as our investment adviser and is registered as an investment adviser under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended (the “Advisers Act”). Subject to the overall supervision of our board of directors (our “Board”), GECM manages our day‑to‑day operations and provides investment advisory and management services to us. Under the terms of the Amended and Restated Investment Management Agreement, dated as of August 1, 2022 (the “Investment Management Agreement”), by and between us and GECM, GECM: ▪ determines the composition of our portfolio, the nature and timing of the changes to our portfolio and the manner of implementing such changes; ▪ identifies, evaluates and negotiates the structure of our investments (including performing due diligence on our prospective portfolio companies); ▪ closes and monitors our investments; and ▪ determines the securities and other assets that we purchase, retain or sell. GECM’s services to us under the Investment Management Agreement are not exclusive, and GECM is free to furnish similar services to other entities. Management and Incentive Fees Under the Investment Management Agreement, GECM receives a fee from us, consisting of two components: (1) a base management fee and (2) an incentive fee. The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.50% of our average adjusted gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds. The base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee is calculated based on the average value of our gross assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the then current calendar quarter. Base management fees for any partial quarter are prorated. 6 The incentive fee consists of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. One component of the incentive fee is based on income (the “Income Incentive Fee”) and the other component is based on capital gains (the “Capital Gains Incentive Fee”). Income Incentive Fee The Income Incentive Fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our pre‑incentive fee net investment income for the quarter. Pre‑incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees such as commitment, origination, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies, but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, any expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre‑incentive fee net investment income includes any accretion of original issue discount, market discount, payment‑in‑kind (“PIK”) interest, PIK dividends or other types of deferred or accrued income, including in connection with zero coupon securities, that we and our  subsidiaries have recognized in accordance with GAAP, but have not yet received in cash (collectively, “Accrued Unpaid Income”). Pre‑incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that we may pay an incentive fee in a quarter where we incur a loss. For example, if we receive pre‑incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate (as defined below) for a quarter, we will pay the applicable incentive fee even if we have incurred a loss in that quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. Pre‑incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets (defined in accordance with GAAP) at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a fixed “hurdle rate” of 1.75% per quarter (7.00% annualized). If market interest rates rise, we may be able to invest in debt instruments that provide for a higher return, which would increase our pre‑incentive fee net investment income and make it easier for GECM to surpass the fixed hurdle rate and receive an incentive fee based on such net investment income. We pay the incentive fee with respect to our pre‑incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: ▪ no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which the pre‑incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; ▪ 100% of our pre‑incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre‑incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate, but is less than 2.1875% in any calendar quarter (8.75% annualized). We refer to this portion of our pre‑incentive fee net investment income as the “catch up” provision. The “catch up” is meant to provide GECM with 20% of the pre‑incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if our net investment income exceeds 2.1875% in any calendar quarter; and ▪ 20% of the amount of our pre‑incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.1875% in any calendar quarter (8.75% annualized). The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the income related portion of the incentive fee: 7 These calculations are adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the quarter and will be appropriately prorated for any period of less than three months. Any Income Incentive Fee otherwise payable with respect to Accrued Unpaid Income (collectively, the “Accrued Unpaid Income Incentive Fees”) will be deferred, on a security by security basis, and will become payable only if, as, when and to the extent cash is received by us or our  subsidiaries in respect thereof. Any Accrued Unpaid Income that is subsequently reversed in connection with a write‑down, write‑off, impairment or similar treatment of the investment giving rise to such Accrued Unpaid Income will, in the applicable period of reversal, (1) reduce pre‑incentive fee net investment income and (2) reduce the amount of Accrued Unpaid Income deferred pursuant to the terms of the Investment Management Agreement. Subsequent payments of Income Incentive Fees deferred pursuant to this paragraph do not reduce the amounts payable for any quarter pursuant to the other terms of the Investment Management Agreement. We will defer cash payment of any Income Incentive Fee otherwise payable to the investment adviser in any quarter (excluding Accrued Unpaid Income Incentive Fees with respect to such quarter) that exceeds (1) 20% of the Cumulative Pre‑Incentive Fee Net Return (as defined below) during the most recent twelve full calendar quarter period ending on or prior to the date such payment is to be made (the “Trailing Twelve Quarters”) less (2) the aggregate incentive fees that were previously paid to the investment adviser during such Trailing Twelve Quarters (excluding Accrued Unpaid Income Incentive Fees during such Trailing Twelve Quarters and not subsequently paid). “Cumulative Pre‑Incentive Fee Net Return” during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters means the sum of (a) pre‑incentive fee net investment income in respect of such Trailing Twelve Quarters less (b) net realized capital losses and net unrealized capital depreciation, if any, in each case calculated in accordance with GAAP, in respect of such Trailing Twelve Quarters. Capital Gains Incentive Fee The Capital Gains Incentive Fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Management Agreement, as of the termination date), commencing with the partial calendar year from April 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, and is calculated at the end of each applicable year by subtracting (a) the sum of our and our subsidiaries’ cumulative aggregate realized capital losses (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any realized capital losses arising from unrealized capital depreciation occurring prior to April 1, 2022) and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from (b) our and our subsidiaries’ cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, in each case calculated from and after April 1, 2022 (the “Capital Gains Commencement Date”). If such amount is negative, then there is no Capital Gains Incentive Fee for such year. If such amount is positive at the end of such year, then the Capital Gains Incentive Fee for such year is equal to 20% of such amount, less the aggregate amount of Capital Gains Incentive Fees paid in all prior years. The cumulative aggregate realized capital gains are calculated as the sum of the differences, if positive, between (a) the net sales price of each investment in our portfolio when sold and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment.  The cumulative aggregate realized capital losses are calculated as the sum of the amounts by which (a) the net sales price of each investment in our portfolio when sold is less than (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. The aggregate unrealized capital depreciation is calculated as the sum of the differences, if negative, between (a) the fair value of each investment in our portfolio as of the applicable Capital Gains Incentive Fee calculation date and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. Examples of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculations The following hypothetical calculations illustrate the calculation of the Income Incentive Fee under the Investment Management Agreement. Amounts shown are a percentage of total net assets. Assumption 1 Assumption 2 Assumption 3 Investment income (1) 6.35 % 7.50 % 8.35 % Hurdle rate (7% annualized) 1.75 % 1.75 % 1.75 % "Catch up" provision (8.75% annualized) 2.19 % 2.19 % 2.19 % Pre-incentive fee net investment income (2) 1.00 % 2.15 % 3.00 % Incentive fee - % (3) 0.40 % (4) 0.60 % (5) 8 (1) Investment income includes interest income, dividends and other fee income. (2) Pre-incentive fee net investment income is net of management fees and other expenses and excludes organizational and offering expenses. In these examples, management fees are 0.38% (1.50% annualized) of net assets and other expenses are assumed to be 4.98% of net assets. (3) The pre-incentive fee net investment income is below the hurdle rate and thus no incentive fee is earned. (4) The pre-incentive fee net investment income ratio of 2.15% is between the hurdle rate and the top of the “catch up” provision thus the corresponding incentive fee is calculated as 100% × (2.15% - 1.75%). (5) The pre-incentive fee net investment income ratio of 3.00% is greater than both the hurdle rate and the “catch up” provision thus the corresponding incentive fee is calculated as (i) 100% × (2.1875% – 1.75%) or 0.4375% (the “catch up”); plus (ii) 20% × (3.00% - 2.1875%). The following hypothetical calculations illustrate the calculation of the Capital Gains Incentive Fee under the Investment Management Agreement. In millions Assumption 1 Assumption 2 Year 1 Investment in Company A $ 20.0 $ 20.0 Investment in Company B 30.0 30.0 Investment in Company C - 25.0 Year 2 Proceeds from sale of investment in Company A 50.0 50.0 Fair market value ("FMV") of investment in Company B 32.0 25.0 FMV of investment in Company C - 25.0 Year 3 Proceeds from sale of investment in Company C - 30.0 FMV of investment in Company B 25.0 24.0 Year 4 Proceeds from sale of investment in Company B 31.0 - FMV of investment in Company B - 35.0 Year 5 Proceeds from sale of investment in Company B - 20.0 Capital Gains Incentive Fee: Year 1 $ - (1) $ - (1) Year 2 6.0 (2) 5.0 (6) Year 3 - (3) 0.8 (7) Year 4 0.2 (4) 1.2 (8) Year 5 - (5) - (9) (1) There is no Capital Gains Incentive Fee in Year 1 as there have been no realized capital gains. (2) Aggregate realized capital gains are $30.0 million. There are no aggregate realized capital losses or aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as $30.0 million × 20%. (3) Aggregate realized capital gains are $30.0 million. There are no aggregate realized capital losses and there is $5.0 million in aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as the greater of (i) zero and (ii) ($30.0 million - $5.0 million) × 20% less $6.0 million (aggregate Capital Gains Incentive Fee paid in prior years). (4) Aggregate realized capital gains are $31.0 million. There are no aggregate realized capital losses or aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as the greater of (i) zero and (ii) $31.0 million × 20% less $6.0 million (aggregate Capital Gains Incentive Fee paid in prior years). (5) There is no Capital Gains Incentive Fee in Year 5 as there are no aggregate realized capital gains for which Capital Gains Incentive Fee has not already been paid in prior years. 9 (6) Aggregate realized capital gains are $30.0 million. There are no aggregate realized capital losses and there is $5.0 million in aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as the greater of (i) zero and (ii) ($30.0 million - $5.0 million) × 20%.  There have been no Capital Gains Incentive Fees paid in prior years. (7) Aggregate realized capital gains are $35.0 million. There are no aggregate realized capital losses and there is $6.0 million in aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as the greater of (i) zero and (ii) ($35.0 million - $6.0 million) × 20% less $5.0 million (aggregate Capital Gains Incentive Fee paid in prior years). (8) Aggregate realized capital gains are $35.0 million. There are no aggregate realized capital losses or aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as the greater of (i) zero and (ii) $35.0 million × 20% less $5.8 million (aggregate Capital Gains Incentive Fee paid in prior years). (9) Aggregate realized capital gains are $35.0 million. Aggregate realized capital losses are $10.0 million. There is no aggregate unrealized capital depreciation.  Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as the greater of (i) zero and (ii) ($35.0 million - $10.0 million) × 20% less $7.0 million (aggregate Capital Gains Incentive Fee paid in prior years). As illustrated in Year 3 of Assumption 1 above, if GECC were to be wound up on a date other than December 31 of any year, we may have paid aggregate capital gain incentive fees that are more than the amount of such fees that would be payable if GECC had been wound up on December 31 of such year. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we incurred $5.0 million in base management fees and $3.7 million in income-based fees accrued during the period. There were no capital gains incentive fees earned by GECM as calculated under the Investment Management Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we incurred $4.5 million in base management fees and $2.6 million in income-based fees accrued during the period. The incentive fees were deferred in accordance with the Investment Management Agreement. There were no capital gains incentive fees earned by GECM as calculated under the Investment Management Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2024. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we incurred $3.5 million in base management fees and $3.1 million in income-based fees accrued during the period. The incentive fees were deferred in accordance with the Investment Management Agreement. There were no capital gains incentive fees earned by GECM as calculated under the Investment Management Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2023. Payment of Expenses The services of all investment professionals and staff of GECM, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, are provided and paid for by GECM.  GECM has policies and procedures in place to calculate reimbursement of administrative expenses insofar as they relate to compensation and overhead of administrator personnel and rent on a quarterly basis.  Compensation of administrator personnel is allocated based on time allocation for the period.  Other overhead expenses are based on a combination of time allocation and total headcount.  We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including (without limitation): ▪ our organizational expenses; ▪ fees and expenses, including reasonable travel expenses, actually incurred by GECM or payable to third parties related to our investments, including, among others, professional fees (including the fees and expenses of counsel, consultants and experts) and fees and expenses relating to, or associated with, evaluating, monitoring, researching and performing due diligence on investments and prospective investments (including payments to third party vendors for financial information services); ▪ out‑of‑pocket fees and expenses, including reasonable travel expenses, actually incurred by GECM or payable to third parties related to the provision of managerial assistance to our portfolio companies that we agree to provide such services to under the Investment Company Act (exclusive of the compensation of any investment professionals of GECM); 10 ▪ interest or other costs associated with debt, if any, incurred to finance our business; ▪ fees and expenses incurred in connection with our membership in investment company organizations; ▪ brokers’ commissions; ▪ investment advisory and management fees; ▪ fees and expenses associated with calculating our NAV (including the costs and expenses of any independent valuation firm); ▪ fees and expenses relating to offerings of our common stock and other securities; ▪ legal, auditing or accounting expenses; ▪ federal, state and local taxes and other governmental fees; ▪ the fees and expenses of GECM, in its role as the administrator, and any sub‑administrator, our transfer agent or sub‑transfer agent, and any other amounts payable under the Administration Agreement, or any similar administration agreement or sub‑administration agreement to which we may become a party; ▪ the cost of preparing stock certificates or any other expenses, including clerical expenses of issue, redemption or repurchase of our securities; ▪ the expenses of and fees for registering or qualifying our common stock for sale and of maintaining our registration and registering us as a broker or a dealer; ▪ the fees and expenses of our directors who are not interested persons (as defined in the Investment Company Act); ▪ the cost of preparing and distributing reports, proxy statements and notices to stockholders, the SEC and other governmental or regulatory authorities; ▪ costs of holding stockholders’ meetings; ▪ listing fees; ▪ the fees or disbursements of custodians of our assets, including expenses incurred in the performance of any obligations enumerated by our bylaws or amended and restated articles of incorporation insofar as they govern agreements with any such custodian; ▪ our allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; ▪ our allocable portion of the costs associated with maintaining any computer software, hardware or information technology services (including information systems, Bloomberg or similar terminals, cyber security and related consultants and email retention) that are used by us or by GECM or its respective affiliates on our behalf (which allocable portion shall exclude any such costs related to investment professionals of GECM providing services to us); ▪ direct costs and expenses incurred by us or GECM in connection with the performance of administrative services on our behalf, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, cellular phone and data service, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; ▪ all other expenses incurred by us or GECM in connection with administering our business (including payments under the Administration Agreement) based upon our allocable portion of GECM’s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs (including reasonable travel expenses); and ▪ costs incurred by us in connection with any claim, litigation, arbitration, mediation, government investigation or dispute in connection with our business and the amount of any judgment or settlement paid in connection therewith, or the enforcement of our rights against any person and indemnification or contribution expenses payable by us to any person and other extraordinary expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of our business. 11 Duration and Termination Our Board initially approved the Investment Management Agreement on August 8, 2016, and most recently approved the Investment Management Agreement on July 22, 2025. The Investment Management Agreement renews for successive annual periods subject to annual approval by our Board or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, approval by a majority of our directors who are not “interested persons.” The Investment Management Agreement will automatically terminate if it is assigned. The Investment Management Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days’ written notice to the other. The Investment Management Agreement is currently in effect. Conflicts of interest may arise if GECM seeks to change the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, including, for example, the terms for compensation. Except in limited circumstances, any material change to the Investment Management Agreement must be submitted to stockholders for approval under the Investment Company Act and we may from time to time decide it is appropriate to seek stockholder approval to change the terms of the Investment Management Agreement. Indemnification We agreed to indemnify GECM, its stockholders and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person affiliated with it, to the fullest extent permitted by law, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of GECM’s services under the Investment Management Agreement or otherwise as our investment adviser. Organization of the Investment Adviser GECM is a Delaware limited liability company and is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. GECM’s principal executive offices are located at 3801 PGA Blvd., Suite 603, Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 33410. Board Approval of the Investment Management Agreement On July 22, 2025, our Board approved the renewal of the Investment Management Agreement through September 26, 2026. In its consideration of the Investment Management Agreement, our Board focused on information it had received relating to, among other things: ▪ the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to us by GECM; ▪ the investment performance of us and GECM; ▪ the extent to which economies of scale would be realized as we grow, and whether the fees payable under the Investment Management Agreement reflect these economies of scale for the benefit of our stockholders; ▪ comparative data with respect to advisory fees or similar expenses paid by other BDCs with similar investment objectives; ▪ our projected operating expenses and expense ratio compared to BDCs with similar investment objectives; ▪ existing and potential sources of indirect income to GECM from its relationship with us and the profitability of those income sources; ▪ information about the services to be performed and the personnel performing such services under the Investment Management Agreement; ▪ the organizational capability and financial condition of GECM and its affiliates; and ▪ the possibility of obtaining similar services from other third party service providers or through an internally managed structure. 12 In connection with their consideration of the renewal of the Investment Management Agreement, our Board gave weight to each of the factors described above, but did not identify any one particular factor as controlling their decision. After deliberation and consideration of all of the information provided, including the factors described above, the Board, including all of its independent members, concluded that the Investment Management Agreement should be approved and continued. Regulation as a Business Development Company We may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by the “vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities”, as required by the Investment Company Act. A “vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company” is defined under the Investment Company Act as the lesser of: ▪ 67% or more of such company’s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or ▪ more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of such company. A majority of our directors must be persons who are not “interested persons”, as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act. Additionally, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person’s office. We are currently permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, calculated pursuant to the Investment Company Act, is at least equal to 150% immediately after each such issuance (i.e., we are able to borrow up to two dollars for every dollar we have in assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities issued by us). In addition, while certain types of indebtedness and senior securities remain outstanding, we may be required to make provisions to prohibit distributions to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5% of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. We may also be prohibited under the Investment Company Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. Our participation in any negotiated co-investment opportunities (other than those in which the only term negotiated is price) with investment funds, vehicles or accounts managed by investment managers under common control with GECM (as well as with proprietary accounts of an affiliate of GECM) is subject to compliance with the Exemptive Order. For example, we may sell shares of our common stock at a price below the then current NAV of our common stock if our Board determines that such sale is in our and our stockholders’ best interests, and our stockholders approve our policy and practice of making such sales. In any such case, under such circumstances, the price at which shares of our common stock are sold may be the fair value of such shares of common stock. We may be examined by the SEC for compliance with the Investment Company Act. We are generally unable to sell shares of our common stock at a price below NAV per share. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. We may, however, sell shares of our common stock at a price below NAV per share: ▪ in connection with a rights offering to our existing stockholders, ▪ with the consent of the majority of our common stockholders, or ▪ under such other circumstances as the SEC may permit. 13 We may not acquire any assets other than “qualifying assets” unless, at the time we make such acquisition, the value of our qualifying assets represents at least 70% of the value of our total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are: ▪ securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering, the issuer of which is an eligible portfolio company; ▪ securities received in exchange for or distributed with respect to securities described in the bullet above or pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities; and ▪ cash, cash items, government securities or high quality debt securities (within the meaning of the Investment Company Act), maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. An “eligible portfolio company” is generally a U.S. domestic company that is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly-owned by a BDC) and that: ▪ does not have a class of securities with respect to which a broker may extend margin credit at the time the acquisition is made; ▪ is controlled by the BDC and has an affiliate of the BDC on its board of directors; ▪ does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; ▪ is a public company that lists its securities on a national securities exchange with a market capitalization of less than $250.0 million; or ▪ meets such other criteria as may be established by the SEC. “Control”, as defined by the Investment Company Act, is presumed to exist where a BDC beneficially owns more than 25% of the outstanding voting securities of the portfolio company. We also do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the Investment Company Act. Under these limits, we generally cannot acquire more than 3% of the voting stock of any investment company (as defined in the Investment Company Act), invest more than 5% of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10% of the value of our total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate. In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in eligible portfolio companies, or in other securities that are consistent with its purpose as a BDC. To include certain securities described above as “qualifying assets” for the purpose of the 70% test, a BDC must offer to the issuer of those securities managerial assistance such as providing guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations, or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. We offer to provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. Pending investment in other types of “qualifying assets,” as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which are referred to, collectively, as “temporary investments”, so that 70% of our assets, as applicable, are qualifying assets.  We make purchases that are consistent with our purpose of making investments in securities described in paragraphs 1 through 3 of Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act.  We will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements that are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25% of our gross assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. 14 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock, if our asset coverage, as defined in the Investment Company Act, is at least equal to 150% immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit cash distributions to our stockholders or the repurchase of our common stock unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5% of the value of our gross assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Insider Trading Policy We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, which applies to our directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) and employees and our investment adviser. Our code requires our directors, officers, employees and investment adviser to comply with applicable laws and regulations and helps to preserve the integrity of our Company. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the code by posting such information within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver on our website at www.greatelmcc.com . Our code of business conduct and ethics can be accessed via our website at www.greatelmcc.com . Information on our website is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Form 10-K. Further, a Rule 17j-1 code of ethics has been adopted by the Company that is applicable to the officers and directors of the Company. In addition to establishing general standards of conduct for such persons, the Rule 17j-1 code of ethics also includes additional procedures as provided by Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act to prevent officers and directors of the Company from abusing their access to information about the Company's investments. Additionally, we maintain an insider trading policy that governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our Company's securities by directors, officers, and employees of the Company and certain other covered persons, and we have implemented processes for the Company, that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, as well as Nasdaq listing standards. Copies of our code of business conduct and ethics and insider trading policy have been filed as Exhibit 14.1 and Exhibit 19.1, respectively. Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Matters We have elected to be treated and intend to qualify each year as a regulated investment company (“RIC”) under Subchapter M of the Code. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, (a) derive in each taxable year at least 90% of our gross income from dividends, interest (including tax-exempt interest), payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock, securities or foreign currencies, other income (including but not limited to gain from options, futures and forward contracts) derived with respect to our business of investing in stock, securities or currencies, or net income derived from an interest in a “qualified publicly traded partnership” (a “QPTP”); and (b) diversify our holdings so that, at the end of each quarter of each taxable year (i) at least 50% of the market value of our total assets is represented by cash and cash items, U.S. Government securities, the securities of other RICs and other securities, with other securities limited, in respect of any one issuer, to an amount not greater than 5% of the value of our total assets and not more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer (subject to the exception described below), and (ii) not more than 25% of the market value of our total assets is invested in securities (other than U.S. Government securities and the securities of other regulated investment companies) (A) of any one issuer, (B) of any two or more issuers that we control and that are determined to be engaged in the same business or similar or related trades or businesses, or (C) of one or more QPTPs. We may generate certain income that might not qualify as qualifying income for purposes of the 90% annual gross income requirement described above. We will monitor our transactions to endeavor to prevent our disqualification as a RIC. 15 If we fail to satisfy the 90% annual gross income requirement or the asset diversification requirements discussed above in any taxable year, we may be eligible for relief provisions if the failures are due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect and certain additional conditions are met, in which case an additional penalty tax would be payable with respect to each failure to satisfy the applicable requirements. Additionally, relief is provided for certain de minimis failures of the asset diversification requirements where we correct the failure within a specified period. If the applicable relief provisions are not available or cannot be met, all of our income would be subject to corporate‑level U.S. federal income tax as described below. We cannot provide assurance that we would qualify for any such relief should we fail the 90% annual gross income requirement or the asset diversification requirements discussed above. As a RIC, in any taxable year with respect to which we timely distribute at least 90% of the sum of: ▪ our investment company taxable income (which includes, among other items, dividends, interest and the excess of any net short‑term capital gain over net long‑term capital loss and other taxable income (other than any net capital gain), reduced by deductible expenses) determined without regard to the deduction for dividends and distributions paid; and ▪ net tax exempt interest income (which is the excess of our gross tax exempt interest income over certain disallowed deductions) (collectively, the “Annual Distribution Requirement”), we (but not our stockholders) generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on investment company taxable income and net capital gain (generally, net long‑term capital gain in excess of short‑term capital loss) that we distribute to our stockholders. However, due to limits on the deductibility of certain expenses, we may, in certain years, have aggregate taxable income subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement that is in excess of the aggregate net income actually earned by us in those years. To the extent that we meet the Annual Distribution Requirement but retain our net capital gains for investment or any investment company taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on such income at the regular corporate income tax rates. We may choose to retain our net capital gains for investment or any investment company taxable income, and pay the associated federal corporate income tax, including the federal excise tax described below. A 4% U.S. federal excise tax is imposed on a RIC if the RIC does not meet certain additional distribution requirements for each calendar year. To avoid this tax, we must distribute (or be deemed to have distributed) during each calendar year an amount equal to the sum of: ▪ at least 98% of our ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for the calendar year; ▪ at least 98.2% of the amount by which our capital gains exceed our capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for a one-year period generally ending on October 31 of the calendar year (unless an election is made by us to use our taxable year); and ▪ certain undistributed amounts from previous years on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax (collectively, the “Excise Tax Exemption Requirement”). While we generally intend to distribute any income and capital gains in the manner necessary to minimize imposition of the 4% federal excise tax, sufficient amounts of our taxable income and capital gains may not be distributed to avoid entirely the imposition of the tax. In that event, we will be liable for the tax only on the amount by which we do not meet the Excise Tax Exemption Requirement. If, in any particular taxable year, we do not satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement or fail to qualify as a RIC (for example, because we fail the 90% annual gross income requirement described above), and relief is not available as discussed above, all of our taxable income (including our net capital gains) will be subject to tax at regular corporate rates without any deduction for distributions to stockholders, and distributions generally will be taxable to the stockholders as ordinary dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. We may decide to be taxed as a regular corporation even if we qualify as a RIC if we determine that being so taxed for a particular year would be in our best interests. 16 If we realize a net capital loss during any year in which we are a RIC, the excess of our net short‑term capital loss over our net long‑term capital gain is treated as a short‑term capital loss arising on the first day of our next taxable year and the excess of our net long‑term capital loss over our net short‑term capital gain is treated as a long‑term capital loss arising on the first day of our next taxable year. If future capital gain is offset by carried forward capital losses, such future capital gain is not subject to fund‑level U.S. federal income tax, regardless of whether amounts corresponding to such gain are distributed to stockholders. Accordingly, we do not expect to distribute any such offsetting capital gain. A RIC cannot carry back or carry forward any net operating losses to offset its investment company taxable income. Our Investments Certain of our investment practices are subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things: ▪ disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, including the dividends received deduction, net capital losses, business interest expenses and certain underwriting and similar fees; ▪ convert lower taxed long‑term capital gain and qualified dividend income into higher taxed, short‑term capital gain or ordinary income; ▪ convert ordinary loss or a deduction into capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited); ▪ cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash; ▪ adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur; ▪ adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions; and ▪ produce income that will not qualify for purposes of the 90% annual gross income requirement described above. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections, borrow money or dispose of securities (even if it is not advantageous to dispose of such securities) to mitigate the effect of these rules, prevent disqualification of us as a RIC and prevent or mitigate imposition of corporate-level U.S. federal income tax.  However, no assurances can be given as to our eligibility for any such tax elections or that any such tax elections that are made will fully mitigate the effects of these rules. Investments we make in securities issued at a discount or providing for deferred interest or PIK interest may be subject to special tax rules that will affect the amount, timing and character of distributions to stockholders.  For example, if we buy a debt security whose “stated redemption price at maturity” (generally, the sum of all payments required under the note other than payments of “qualified stated  interest”, which generally is stated interest that is unconditionally payable in cash or in property other than debt instruments of the issuer at least annually at a single fixed rate) exceeds its issue price by an amount that does not satisfy a de minimis test, we will generally be required to accrue the excess amount on a daily basis in accordance with a constant yield-to-maturity method (unless otherwise accelerated) and to distribute such income on a timely basis each year (in advance of receipt of corresponding cash) to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC and to avoid U.S. federal income and excise taxes. Because in these and certain other circumstances we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income or incur expenses that are not fully deductible for tax purposes, we may have difficulty making distributions in the amounts necessary to satisfy the requirements for avoiding U.S. federal income and excise taxes. Accordingly, we may have to sell some of our investments at times we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or reduce new investment originations to meet these distribution requirements. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thereby be subject to corporate‑level income tax. Furthermore, a portfolio company in which we invest may face financial difficulty that requires us to work‑out, modify or otherwise restructure our investment in the portfolio company.  Any such restructuring may result in unusable capital losses and future non‑cash income. Any such restructuring may also result in our recognition of a substantial amount of non‑qualifying income for purposes of the 90% gross income requirement or our receiving assets that would not count toward the asset diversification requirements. 17 Gain or loss recognized by us from warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long‑term or short‑term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. If we invest in foreign securities, we may be subject to withholding and other foreign taxes with respect to those securities. Stockholders will generally not be entitled to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit or deduction with respect to foreign taxes paid by us. If we acquire shares in a “passive foreign investment company” (a “PFIC”), we may be subject to U.S. federal income tax (plus an interest charge) on a portion of any “excess distribution” or gain from the disposition of such shares even if such amounts are distributed by us to our stockholders. If we invest in a PFIC and elect to treat the PFIC as a “qualified electing fund” under the Code (a “QEF”), in lieu of the foregoing treatment, we will be required to include in income each year a portion of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed to us. Alternatively, subject to certain limitations, we can elect to mark‑to‑market at the end of each taxable year our shares in a PFIC; in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income any increase in the value of such shares, and as ordinary loss any decrease in such value to the extent it does not exceed prior increases included in income. Our ability to make either election will depend on factors beyond our control. Under either election, we may be required to recognize in a year income in excess of distributions we receive from PFICs and proceeds we receive from dispositions of PFIC stock during that year, and such income will nevertheless generally be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of the 4% excise tax. If we directly or indirectly hold 10% or more of the shares (by vote or value) in a foreign corporation that is treated as a controlled foreign corporation (“CFC”), we may be required to include in our gross income our pro rata share of such CFC’s “subpart F income” and “Net CFC Tested Income,” whether or not the corporation makes an actual distribution during such year.  In general, a foreign corporation will be classified as a CFC if more than 50% of the shares of the corporation, measured by reference to combined voting power or value, is owned (directly, indirectly or constructively) by U.S. Stockholders.  A “U.S. Stockholder”, for purposes of this paragraph, is any U.S. person that possesses (directly, indirectly, or constructively) 10% or more of the combined voting power of all classes of shares or 10% or more of the value of a corporation.  If we are required to include our pro rata share of “subpart F income” or “Net CFC Tested Income” in our gross income for a taxable year, we will be required to include such income in our investment company taxable income regardless of whether we receive any actual distributions from such CFC, and we must distribute an amount equal to such income to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and the Excise Tax Exemption Requirement. Although the Code generally provides that income inclusions from QEFs and inclusions of subpart F income and Net CFC Tested Income from CFCs will be qualifying income for purposes of the 90% gross income requirement to the extent such income is distributed to a RIC in the year it is included in the RIC’s income, the Code does not specifically provide whether income inclusions from a QEF or inclusions of subpart F income and Net CFC Tested Income during the RIC’s taxable year with respect to which no distribution is received would be qualifying income for the 90% gross income requirement. The U.S. Treasury, however, has issued regulations that treat such income as qualifying for purposes of the 90% gross income requirement, provided the income is derived with respect to a corporation’s business of investing in stock, securities or currencies. Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Under Section 988 of the Code, gains or losses attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the time we accrue income, expenses or other liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and the time we actually collect such income or pay such expenses or liabilities are generally treated as ordinary income or loss.  Similarly, gains or losses on foreign currency forward contracts and the disposition of debt denominated in a foreign currency, to the extent attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the acquisition and disposition dates, are also generally treated as ordinary income or loss. If we borrow money, we may be prevented by loan covenants from declaring and paying dividends in certain circumstances.  Limits on our ability to pay dividends may prevent us from meeting the Annual Distribution Requirement, and may, therefore, jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a RIC, or subject us to the 4% excise tax. 18 Even if we are authorized to borrow funds and/or to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements, under the Investment Company Act, we are not permitted to make cash distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and senior securities are outstanding unless certain “asset coverage” tests are met.  This may also jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a RIC or subject us to the 4% excise tax. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the asset diversification requirements.  If we dispose of assets to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement, the asset diversification requirements, or to reduce or eliminate the 4% excise tax, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. Some of the income that we might otherwise earn, such as lease income, management fees, or income recognized in a work‑out or restructuring of a portfolio investment, may cause us not to satisfy the 90% gross income requirement.  To manage the risk that such income might disqualify us as a RIC as a result of us failing to satisfy the 90% gross income requirement, one or more of our subsidiaries treated as U.S. corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be employed to earn such income.  Such corporations will be required to pay U.S. corporate income tax (and possible state or local tax) on their earnings, which ultimately will reduce the yield to our stockholders on such income and fees. Failure to Qualify as a RIC If we were unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC, and relief is not available as discussed above, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates, and we would not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders. Distributions would generally be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income eligible for reduced maximum rates for non-corporate U.S. Holders (subject to certain limitations) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits.  Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate U.S. Holders would be eligible for the dividends received deduction from domestic corporations. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder’s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain.  If we were to fail to meet the RIC requirements for more than two consecutive years and then to seek to requalify as a RIC, we would be required to recognize gain to the extent of any unrealized appreciation in our assets unless we made a special election to pay corporate level tax on any such unrealized appreciation recognized during the succeeding five‑year period.  Our qualification and taxation as a RIC depends upon our ability to satisfy on a continuing basis, through actual, annual operating results, various distribution, income and asset-related requirements, and other requirements imposed under the Code.  No assurance can be given that we will be able to meet the complex and varied tests required to qualify as a RIC or to avoid corporate level tax.  In addition, because the relevant laws may change, compliance with one or more of the RIC requirements may become impossible or impracticable. 19 Administration Agreement Our Board approved the Administration Agreement on August 8, 2016.  Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, GECM furnishes us with, or otherwise arranges for the provision of, office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping, finance, accounting, compliance and record keeping services at such office facilities and other such services as the administrator.  Under the Administration Agreement, GECM will, from time to time, provide, or otherwise arrange for the provision of, other services GECM determines to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including retaining the services of financial, compliance, accounting and administrative personnel that perform services on our behalf, including personnel to serve as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer.  Under the Administration Agreement, GECM also performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other things, being responsible for the financial records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports filed with the SEC.  In addition, GECM assists us in determining and publishing our NAV, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others.  Payments made by us to GECM under the Administration Agreement are equal to an amount based upon our allocable portion of GECM’s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including our allocable portion of the cost of our officers (including our Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer and their respective staffs).  The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days’ written notice to the other party. We bear all costs and expenses, including rental expenses, that are incurred in our operation and transactions and not specifically assumed by GECM pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement. The Administration Agreement provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, GECM, its stockholders and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from or otherwise based upon the rendering of GECM’s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as our administrator. Great Elm License Agreement We have a license agreement with GEG pursuant to which GEG grants us a non‑exclusive, royalty‑free license to use the name “Great Elm Capital Corp.” Under the license agreement, we have a right to use the Great Elm Capital Corp. name and the logo for so long as GECM, or an affiliate thereof, remains our investment adviser.  Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the “Great Elm Capital Corp.” name.  The license agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days’ written notice to the other. Brokerage Allocation and Other Practices Since we acquire and dispose of many of our investments in privately negotiated transactions, many of the transactions that we engage in do not require the use of brokers or the payment of brokerage commissions. Subject to policies established by our Board, GECM is primarily responsible for selecting brokers and dealers to execute transactions with respect to the publicly traded securities portion of our portfolio transactions and the allocation of brokerage commissions. GECM does not execute transactions through any particular broker or dealer, but seeks to obtain the best net results for us under the circumstances, taking into account such factors as price (including the applicable brokerage commission or dealer spread), size of order, difficulty of execution and operational facilities of the firm and the firm’s risk and skill in positioning blocks of securities. 20 The aggregate amount of brokerage commissions paid by us during the three most recent fiscal years is approximately $113.  Such commissions include approximately $113 in brokerage commissions paid to Imperial Capital, LLC, an affiliated person of ICAM, beginning when ICAM became an affiliated person of the Company during the quarter ended December 31, 2021 through December 31, 2025.  Brokerage commissions paid to Imperial Capital, LLC represent nearly 100% of our aggregate brokerage commissions during the most recent fiscal year and the dollar amount of transactions on which such brokerage commissions were paid represents nearly 100% of the aggregate dollar amount of transactions involving the payment of commissions during such fiscal year.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components: (1) a base management fee and (2) an incentive fee. The base management fee is calculated at an annual rate of 1.50% of our average adjusted gross assets, including assets purchased with borrowed funds. The base management fee is payable quarterly in arrears. The base management fee is calculated based on the average value of our gross assets, excluding cash and cash equivalents, at the end of the two most recently completed calendar quarters, and appropriately adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the then current calendar quarter. Base management fees for any partial quarter are prorated. 6 The incentive fee consists of two components that are independent of each other, with the result that one component may be payable even if the other is not. One component of the incentive fee is based on income (the “Income Incentive Fee”) and the other component is based on capital gains (the “Capital Gains Incentive Fee”). Income Incentive Fee The Income Incentive Fee is calculated and payable quarterly in arrears based on our pre‑incentive fee net investment income for the quarter. Pre‑incentive fee net investment income means interest income, dividend income and any other income (including any other fees such as commitment, origination, diligence and consulting fees or other fees that we receive from portfolio companies, but excluding fees for providing managerial assistance) accrued during the calendar quarter, minus operating expenses for the quarter (including the base management fee, any expenses payable under the Administration Agreement, and any interest expense and dividends paid on any outstanding preferred stock, but excluding the incentive fee). Pre‑incentive fee net investment income includes any accretion of original issue discount, market discount, payment‑in‑kind (“PIK”) interest, PIK dividends or other types of deferred or accrued income, including in connection with zero coupon securities, that we and our  subsidiaries have recognized in accordance with GAAP, but have not yet received in cash (collectively, “Accrued Unpaid Income”). Pre‑incentive fee net investment income does not include any realized capital gains or unrealized capital appreciation or depreciation. Because of the structure of the incentive fee, it is possible that we may pay an incentive fee in a quarter where we incur a loss. For example, if we receive pre‑incentive fee net investment income in excess of the hurdle rate (as defined below) for a quarter, we will pay the applicable incentive fee even if we have incurred a loss in that quarter due to realized and unrealized capital losses. Pre‑incentive fee net investment income, expressed as a rate of return on the value of our net assets (defined in accordance with GAAP) at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, is compared to a fixed “hurdle rate” of 1.75% per quarter (7.00% annualized). If market interest rates rise, we may be able to invest in debt instruments that provide for a higher return, which would increase our pre‑incentive fee net investment income and make it easier for GECM to surpass the fixed hurdle rate and receive an incentive fee based on such net investment income. We pay the incentive fee with respect to our pre‑incentive fee net investment income in each calendar quarter as follows: ▪ no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which the pre‑incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; ▪ 100% of our pre‑incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre‑incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate, but is less than 2.1875% in any calendar quarter (8.75% annualized). We refer to this portion of our pre‑incentive fee net investment income as the “catch up” provision. The “catch up” is meant to provide GECM with 20% of the pre‑incentive fee net investment income as if a hurdle rate did not apply if our net investment income exceeds 2.1875% in any calendar quarter; and ▪ 20% of the amount of our pre‑incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.1875% in any calendar quarter (8.75% annualized). The following is a graphical representation of the calculation of the income related portion of the incentive fee: 7 These calculations are adjusted for any share issuances or repurchases during the quarter and will be appropriately prorated for any period of less than three months. Any Income Incentive Fee otherwise payable with respect to Accrued Unpaid Income (collectively, the “Accrued Unpaid Income Incentive Fees”) will be deferred, on a security by security basis, and will become payable only if, as, when and to the extent cash is received by us or our  subsidiaries in respect thereof. Any Accrued Unpaid Income that is subsequently reversed in connection with a write‑down, write‑off, impairment or similar treatment of the investment giving rise to such Accrued Unpaid Income will, in the applicable period of reversal, (1) reduce pre‑incentive fee net investment income and (2) reduce the amount of Accrued Unpaid Income deferred pursuant to the terms of the Investment Management Agreement. Subsequent payments of Income Incentive Fees deferred pursuant to this paragraph do not reduce the amounts payable for any quarter pursuant to the other terms of the Investment Management Agreement. We will defer cash payment of any Income Incentive Fee otherwise payable to the investment adviser in any quarter (excluding Accrued Unpaid Income Incentive Fees with respect to such quarter) that exceeds (1) 20% of the Cumulative Pre‑Incentive Fee Net Return (as defined below) during the most recent twelve full calendar quarter period ending on or prior to the date such payment is to be made (the “Trailing Twelve Quarters”) less (2) the aggregate incentive fees that were previously paid to the investment adviser during such Trailing Twelve Quarters (excluding Accrued Unpaid Income Incentive Fees during such Trailing Twelve Quarters and not subsequently paid). “Cumulative Pre‑Incentive Fee Net Return” during the relevant Trailing Twelve Quarters means the sum of (a) pre‑incentive fee net investment income in respect of such Trailing Twelve Quarters less (b) net realized capital losses and net unrealized capital depreciation, if any, in each case calculated in accordance with GAAP, in respect of such Trailing Twelve Quarters. Capital Gains Incentive Fee The Capital Gains Incentive Fee is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each calendar year (or upon termination of the Investment Management Agreement, as of the termination date), commencing with the partial calendar year from April 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022, and is calculated at the end of each applicable year by subtracting (a) the sum of our and our subsidiaries’ cumulative aggregate realized capital losses (excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any realized capital losses arising from unrealized capital depreciation occurring prior to April 1, 2022) and aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from (b) our and our subsidiaries’ cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, in each case calculated from and after April 1, 2022 (the “Capital Gains Commencement Date”). If such amount is negative, then there is no Capital Gains Incentive Fee for such year. If such amount is positive at the end of such year, then the Capital Gains Incentive Fee for such year is equal to 20% of such amount, less the aggregate amount of Capital Gains Incentive Fees paid in all prior years. The cumulative aggregate realized capital gains are calculated as the sum of the differences, if positive, between (a) the net sales price of each investment in our portfolio when sold and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment.  The cumulative aggregate realized capital losses are calculated as the sum of the amounts by which (a) the net sales price of each investment in our portfolio when sold is less than (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. The aggregate unrealized capital depreciation is calculated as the sum of the differences, if negative, between (a) the fair value of each investment in our portfolio as of the applicable Capital Gains Incentive Fee calculation date and (b) the accreted or amortized cost basis of such investment. Examples of Quarterly Incentive Fee Calculations The following hypothetical calculations illustrate the calculation of the Income Incentive Fee under the Investment Management Agreement. Amounts shown are a percentage of total net assets. Assumption 1 Assumption 2 Assumption 3 Investment income (1) 6.35 % 7.50 % 8.35 % Hurdle rate (7% annualized) 1.75 % 1.75 % 1.75 % "Catch up" provision (8.75% annualized) 2.19 % 2.19 % 2.19 % Pre-incentive fee net investment income (2) 1.00 % 2.15 % 3.00 % Incentive fee - % (3) 0.40 % (4) 0.60 % (5) 8 (1) Investment income includes interest income, dividends and other fee income. (2) Pre-incentive fee net investment income is net of management fees and other expenses and excludes organizational and offering expenses. In these examples, management fees are 0.38% (1.50% annualized) of net assets and other expenses are assumed to be 4.98% of net assets. (3) The pre-incentive fee net investment income is below the hurdle rate and thus no incentive fee is earned. (4) The pre-incentive fee net investment income ratio of 2.15% is between the hurdle rate and the top of the “catch up” provision thus the corresponding incentive fee is calculated as 100% × (2.15% - 1.75%). (5) The pre-incentive fee net investment income ratio of 3.00% is greater than both the hurdle rate and the “catch up” provision thus the corresponding incentive fee is calculated as (i) 100% × (2.1875% – 1.75%) or 0.4375% (the “catch up”); plus (ii) 20% × (3.00% - 2.1875%). The following hypothetical calculations illustrate the calculation of the Capital Gains Incentive Fee under the Investment Management Agreement. In millions Assumption 1 Assumption 2 Year 1 Investment in Company A $ 20.0 $ 20.0 Investment in Company B 30.0 30.0 Investment in Company C - 25.0 Year 2 Proceeds from sale of investment in Company A 50.0 50.0 Fair market value ("FMV") of investment in Company B 32.0 25.0 FMV of investment in Company C - 25.0 Year 3 Proceeds from sale of investment in Company C - 30.0 FMV of investment in Company B 25.0 24.0 Year 4 Proceeds from sale of investment in Company B 31.0 - FMV of investment in Company B - 35.0 Year 5 Proceeds from sale of investment in Company B - 20.0 Capital Gains Incentive Fee: Year 1 $ - (1) $ - (1) Year 2 6.0 (2) 5.0 (6) Year 3 - (3) 0.8 (7) Year 4 0.2 (4) 1.2 (8) Year 5 - (5) - (9) (1) There is no Capital Gains Incentive Fee in Year 1 as there have been no realized capital gains. (2) Aggregate realized capital gains are $30.0 million. There are no aggregate realized capital losses or aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as $30.0 million × 20%. (3) Aggregate realized capital gains are $30.0 million. There are no aggregate realized capital losses and there is $5.0 million in aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as the greater of (i) zero and (ii) ($30.0 million - $5.0 million) × 20% less $6.0 million (aggregate Capital Gains Incentive Fee paid in prior years). (4) Aggregate realized capital gains are $31.0 million. There are no aggregate realized capital losses or aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as the greater of (i) zero and (ii) $31.0 million × 20% less $6.0 million (aggregate Capital Gains Incentive Fee paid in prior years). (5) There is no Capital Gains Incentive Fee in Year 5 as there are no aggregate realized capital gains for which Capital Gains Incentive Fee has not already been paid in prior years. 9 (6) Aggregate realized capital gains are $30.0 million. There are no aggregate realized capital losses and there is $5.0 million in aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as the greater of (i) zero and (ii) ($30.0 million - $5.0 million) × 20%.  There have been no Capital Gains Incentive Fees paid in prior years. (7) Aggregate realized capital gains are $35.0 million. There are no aggregate realized capital losses and there is $6.0 million in aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as the greater of (i) zero and (ii) ($35.0 million - $6.0 million) × 20% less $5.0 million (aggregate Capital Gains Incentive Fee paid in prior years). (8) Aggregate realized capital gains are $35.0 million. There are no aggregate realized capital losses or aggregate unrealized capital depreciation. Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as the greater of (i) zero and (ii) $35.0 million × 20% less $5.8 million (aggregate Capital Gains Incentive Fee paid in prior years). (9) Aggregate realized capital gains are $35.0 million. Aggregate realized capital losses are $10.0 million. There is no aggregate unrealized capital depreciation.  Capital Gains Incentive Fee is calculated as the greater of (i) zero and (ii) ($35.0 million - $10.0 million) × 20% less $7.0 million (aggregate Capital Gains Incentive Fee paid in prior years). As illustrated in Year 3 of Assumption 1 above, if GECC were to be wound up on a date other than December 31 of any year, we may have paid aggregate capital gain incentive fees that are more than the amount of such fees that would be payable if GECC had been wound up on December 31 of such year. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we incurred $5.0 million in base management fees and $3.7 million in income-based fees accrued during the period. There were no capital gains incentive fees earned by GECM as calculated under the Investment Management Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2025. For the year ended December 31, 2024, we incurred $4.5 million in base management fees and $2.6 million in income-based fees accrued during the period. The incentive fees were deferred in accordance with the Investment Management Agreement. There were no capital gains incentive fees earned by GECM as calculated under the Investment Management Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2024. For the year ended December 31, 2023, we incurred $3.5 million in base management fees and $3.1 million in income-based fees accrued during the period. The incentive fees were deferred in accordance with the Investment Management Agreement. There were no capital gains incentive fees earned by GECM as calculated under the Investment Management Agreement for the year ended December 31, 2023. Payment of Expenses The services of all investment professionals and staff of GECM, when and to the extent engaged in providing investment advisory and management services, and the compensation and routine overhead expenses of such personnel allocable to such services, are provided and paid for by GECM.  GECM has policies and procedures in place to calculate reimbursement of administrative expenses insofar as they relate to compensation and overhead of administrator personnel and rent on a quarterly basis.  Compensation of administrator personnel is allocated based on time allocation for the period.  Other overhead expenses are based on a combination of time allocation and total headcount.  We bear all other costs and expenses of our operations and transactions, including (without limitation): ▪ our organizational expenses; ▪ fees and expenses, including reasonable travel expenses, actually incurred by GECM or payable to third parties related to our investments, including, among others, professional fees (including the fees and expenses of counsel, consultants and experts) and fees and expenses relating to, or associated with, evaluating, monitoring, researching and performing due diligence on investments and prospective investments (including payments to third party vendors for financial information services); ▪ out‑of‑pocket fees and expenses, including reasonable travel expenses, actually incurred by GECM or payable to third parties related to the provision of managerial assistance to our portfolio companies that we agree to provide such services to under the Investment Company Act (exclusive of the compensation of any investment professionals of GECM); 10 ▪ interest or other costs associated with debt, if any, incurred to finance our business; ▪ fees and expenses incurred in connection with our membership in investment company organizations; ▪ brokers’ commissions; ▪ investment advisory and management fees; ▪ fees and expenses associated with calculating our NAV (including the costs and expenses of any independent valuation firm); ▪ fees and expenses relating to offerings of our common stock and other securities; ▪ legal, auditing or accounting expenses; ▪ federal, state and local taxes and other governmental fees; ▪ the fees and expenses of GECM, in its role as the administrator, and any sub‑administrator, our transfer agent or sub‑transfer agent, and any other amounts payable under the Administration Agreement, or any similar administration agreement or sub‑administration agreement to which we may become a party; ▪ the cost of preparing stock certificates or any other expenses, including clerical expenses of issue, redemption or repurchase of our securities; ▪ the expenses of and fees for registering or qualifying our common stock for sale and of maintaining our registration and registering us as a broker or a dealer; ▪ the fees and expenses of our directors who are not interested persons (as defined in the Investment Company Act); ▪ the cost of preparing and distributing reports, proxy statements and notices to stockholders, the SEC and other governmental or regulatory authorities; ▪ costs of holding stockholders’ meetings; ▪ listing fees; ▪ the fees or disbursements of custodians of our assets, including expenses incurred in the performance of any obligations enumerated by our bylaws or amended and restated articles of incorporation insofar as they govern agreements with any such custodian; ▪ our allocable portion of the fidelity bond, directors and officers/errors and omissions liability insurance, and any other insurance premiums; ▪ our allocable portion of the costs associated with maintaining any computer software, hardware or information technology services (including information systems, Bloomberg or similar terminals, cyber security and related consultants and email retention) that are used by us or by GECM or its respective affiliates on our behalf (which allocable portion shall exclude any such costs related to investment professionals of GECM providing services to us); ▪ direct costs and expenses incurred by us or GECM in connection with the performance of administrative services on our behalf, including printing, mailing, long distance telephone, cellular phone and data service, copying, secretarial and other staff, independent auditors and outside legal costs; ▪ all other expenses incurred by us or GECM in connection with administering our business (including payments under the Administration Agreement) based upon our allocable portion of GECM’s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including rent and the allocable portion of the cost of our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer and their respective staffs (including reasonable travel expenses); and ▪ costs incurred by us in connection with any claim, litigation, arbitration, mediation, government investigation or dispute in connection with our business and the amount of any judgment or settlement paid in connection therewith, or the enforcement of our rights against any person and indemnification or contribution expenses payable by us to any person and other extraordinary expenses not incurred in the ordinary course of our business. 11 Duration and Termination Our Board initially approved the Investment Management Agreement on August 8, 2016, and most recently approved the Investment Management Agreement on July 22, 2025. The Investment Management Agreement renews for successive annual periods subject to annual approval by our Board or by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of our outstanding voting securities, including, in either case, approval by a majority of our directors who are not “interested persons.” The Investment Management Agreement will automatically terminate if it is assigned. The Investment Management Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days’ written notice to the other. The Investment Management Agreement is currently in effect. Conflicts of interest may arise if GECM seeks to change the terms of the Investment Management Agreement, including, for example, the terms for compensation. Except in limited circumstances, any material change to the Investment Management Agreement must be submitted to stockholders for approval under the Investment Company Act and we may from time to time decide it is appropriate to seek stockholder approval to change the terms of the Investment Management Agreement. Indemnification We agreed to indemnify GECM, its stockholders and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person affiliated with it, to the fullest extent permitted by law, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from the rendering of GECM’s services under the Investment Management Agreement or otherwise as our investment adviser. Organization of the Investment Adviser GECM is a Delaware limited liability company and is registered as an investment adviser under the Advisers Act. GECM’s principal executive offices are located at 3801 PGA Blvd., Suite 603, Palm Beach Gardens, Florida 33410. Board Approval of the Investment Management Agreement On July 22, 2025, our Board approved the renewal of the Investment Management Agreement through September 26, 2026. In its consideration of the Investment Management Agreement, our Board focused on information it had received relating to, among other things: ▪ the nature, quality and extent of the advisory and other services to be provided to us by GECM; ▪ the investment performance of us and GECM; ▪ the extent to which economies of scale would be realized as we grow, and whether the fees payable under the Investment Management Agreement reflect these economies of scale for the benefit of our stockholders; ▪ comparative data with respect to advisory fees or similar expenses paid by other BDCs with similar investment objectives; ▪ our projected operating expenses and expense ratio compared to BDCs with similar investment objectives; ▪ existing and potential sources of indirect income to GECM from its relationship with us and the profitability of those income sources; ▪ information about the services to be performed and the personnel performing such services under the Investment Management Agreement; ▪ the organizational capability and financial condition of GECM and its affiliates; and ▪ the possibility of obtaining similar services from other third party service providers or through an internally managed structure. 12 In connection with their consideration of the renewal of the Investment Management Agreement, our Board gave weight to each of the factors described above, but did not identify any one particular factor as controlling their decision. After deliberation and consideration of all of the information provided, including the factors described above, the Board, including all of its independent members, concluded that the Investment Management Agreement should be approved and continued. Regulation as a Business Development Company We may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or withdraw our election as, a BDC unless authorized by the “vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities”, as required by the Investment Company Act. A “vote of a majority of the outstanding voting securities of a company” is defined under the Investment Company Act as the lesser of: ▪ 67% or more of such company’s voting securities present at a meeting if more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of such company are present or represented by proxy, or ▪ more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities of such company. A majority of our directors must be persons who are not “interested persons”, as that term is defined in the Investment Company Act. Additionally, we are required to provide and maintain a bond issued by a reputable fidelity insurance company to protect the BDC. Furthermore, as a BDC, we are prohibited from protecting any director or officer against any liability to us or our stockholders arising from willful misfeasance, bad faith, gross negligence or reckless disregard of the duties involved in the conduct of such person’s office. We are currently permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock if our asset coverage, calculated pursuant to the Investment Company Act, is at least equal to 150% immediately after each such issuance (i.e., we are able to borrow up to two dollars for every dollar we have in assets less all liabilities and indebtedness not represented by senior securities issued by us). In addition, while certain types of indebtedness and senior securities remain outstanding, we may be required to make provisions to prohibit distributions to our stockholders or the repurchase of such securities or shares unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5% of the value of our total assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. We may also be prohibited under the Investment Company Act from knowingly participating in certain transactions with our affiliates without the prior approval of our directors who are not interested persons and, in some cases, prior approval by the SEC. Our participation in any negotiated co-investment opportunities (other than those in which the only term negotiated is price) with investment funds, vehicles or accounts managed by investment managers under common control with GECM (as well as with proprietary accounts of an affiliate of GECM) is subject to compliance with the Exemptive Order. For example, we may sell shares of our common stock at a price below the then current NAV of our common stock if our Board determines that such sale is in our and our stockholders’ best interests, and our stockholders approve our policy and practice of making such sales. In any such case, under such circumstances, the price at which shares of our common stock are sold may be the fair value of such shares of common stock. We may be examined by the SEC for compliance with the Investment Company Act. We are generally unable to sell shares of our common stock at a price below NAV per share. As a BDC, the necessity of raising additional capital may expose us to risks, including the typical risks associated with leverage. We may, however, sell shares of our common stock at a price below NAV per share: ▪ in connection with a rights offering to our existing stockholders, ▪ with the consent of the majority of our common stockholders, or ▪ under such other circumstances as the SEC may permit. 13 We may not acquire any assets other than “qualifying assets” unless, at the time we make such acquisition, the value of our qualifying assets represents at least 70% of the value of our total assets. The principal categories of qualifying assets relevant to our business are: ▪ securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering, the issuer of which is an eligible portfolio company; ▪ securities received in exchange for or distributed with respect to securities described in the bullet above or pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities; and ▪ cash, cash items, government securities or high quality debt securities (within the meaning of the Investment Company Act), maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. An “eligible portfolio company” is generally a U.S. domestic company that is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly-owned by a BDC) and that: ▪ does not have a class of securities with respect to which a broker may extend margin credit at the time the acquisition is made; ▪ is controlled by the BDC and has an affiliate of the BDC on its board of directors; ▪ does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; ▪ is a public company that lists its securities on a national securities exchange with a market capitalization of less than $250.0 million; or ▪ meets such other criteria as may be established by the SEC. “Control”, as defined by the Investment Company Act, is presumed to exist where a BDC beneficially owns more than 25% of the outstanding voting securities of the portfolio company. We also do not intend to acquire securities issued by any investment company that exceed the limits imposed by the Investment Company Act. Under these limits, we generally cannot acquire more than 3% of the voting stock of any investment company (as defined in the Investment Company Act), invest more than 5% of the value of our total assets in the securities of one investment company or invest more than 10% of the value of our total assets in the securities of investment companies in the aggregate. In addition, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the United States and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in eligible portfolio companies, or in other securities that are consistent with its purpose as a BDC. To include certain securities described above as “qualifying assets” for the purpose of the 70% test, a BDC must offer to the issuer of those securities managerial assistance such as providing guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations, or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. We offer to provide managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. Pending investment in other types of “qualifying assets,” as described above, our investments may consist of cash, cash equivalents, U.S. government securities or high-quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment, which are referred to, collectively, as “temporary investments”, so that 70% of our assets, as applicable, are qualifying assets.  We make purchases that are consistent with our purpose of making investments in securities described in paragraphs 1 through 3 of Section 55(a) of the Investment Company Act.  We will invest in U.S. Treasury bills or in repurchase agreements that are fully collateralized by cash or securities issued by the U.S. government or its agencies. A repurchase agreement involves the purchase by an investor of a specified security and the simultaneous agreement by the seller to repurchase it at an agreed-upon future date and at a price which is greater than the purchase price by an amount that reflects an agreed-upon interest rate. There is no percentage restriction on the proportion of our assets that may be invested in such repurchase agreements. However, if more than 25% of our gross assets constitute repurchase agreements from a single counterparty, we would not meet the diversification tests in order to qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Thus, we do not intend to enter into repurchase agreements with a single counterparty in excess of this limit. 14 We are permitted, under specified conditions, to issue multiple classes of indebtedness and one class of stock senior to our common stock, if our asset coverage, as defined in the Investment Company Act, is at least equal to 150% immediately after each such issuance. In addition, while any senior securities remain outstanding, we must make provisions to prohibit cash distributions to our stockholders or the repurchase of our common stock unless we meet the applicable asset coverage ratios at the time of the distribution or repurchase. We may also borrow amounts up to 5% of the value of our gross assets for temporary or emergency purposes without regard to asset coverage. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Insider Trading Policy We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics, which applies to our directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) and employees and our investment adviser. Our code requires our directors, officers, employees and investment adviser to comply with applicable laws and regulations and helps to preserve the integrity of our Company. We intend to satisfy the disclosure requirement under Item 5.05 of Form 8-K regarding amendment to, or waiver from, a provision of the code by posting such information within four business days following the date of such amendment or waiver on our website at www.greatelmcc.com . Our code of business conduct and ethics can be accessed via our website at www.greatelmcc.com . Information on our website is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Form 10-K. Further, a Rule 17j-1 code of ethics has been adopted by the Company that is applicable to the officers and directors of the Company. In addition to establishing general standards of conduct for such persons, the Rule 17j-1 code of ethics also includes additional procedures as provided by Rule 17j-1 under the 1940 Act to prevent officers and directors of the Company from abusing their access to information about the Company's investments. Additionally, we maintain an insider trading policy that governs the purchase, sale, and/or other dispositions of our Company's securities by directors, officers, and employees of the Company and certain other covered persons, and we have implemented processes for the Company, that we believe are reasonably designed to promote compliance with insider trading laws, rules, and regulations, as well as Nasdaq listing standards. Copies of our code of business conduct and ethics and insider trading policy have been filed as Exhibit 14.1 and Exhibit 19.1, respectively. Certain U.S. Federal Income Tax Matters We have elected to be treated and intend to qualify each year as a regulated investment company (“RIC”) under Subchapter M of the Code. To continue to qualify as a RIC, we must, among other things, (a) derive in each taxable year at least 90% of our gross income from dividends, interest (including tax-exempt interest), payments with respect to certain securities loans, gains from the sale or other disposition of stock, securities or foreign currencies, other income (including but not limited to gain from options, futures and forward contracts) derived with respect to our business of investing in stock, securities or currencies, or net income derived from an interest in a “qualified publicly traded partnership” (a “QPTP”); and (b) diversify our holdings so that, at the end of each quarter of each taxable year (i) at least 50% of the market value of our total assets is represented by cash and cash items, U.S. Government securities, the securities of other RICs and other securities, with other securities limited, in respect of any one issuer, to an amount not greater than 5% of the value of our total assets and not more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of such issuer (subject to the exception described below), and (ii) not more than 25% of the market value of our total assets is invested in securities (other than U.S. Government securities and the securities of other regulated investment companies) (A) of any one issuer, (B) of any two or more issuers that we control and that are determined to be engaged in the same business or similar or related trades or businesses, or (C) of one or more QPTPs. We may generate certain income that might not qualify as qualifying income for purposes of the 90% annual gross income requirement described above. We will monitor our transactions to endeavor to prevent our disqualification as a RIC. 15 If we fail to satisfy the 90% annual gross income requirement or the asset diversification requirements discussed above in any taxable year, we may be eligible for relief provisions if the failures are due to reasonable cause and not willful neglect and certain additional conditions are met, in which case an additional penalty tax would be payable with respect to each failure to satisfy the applicable requirements. Additionally, relief is provided for certain de minimis failures of the asset diversification requirements where we correct the failure within a specified period. If the applicable relief provisions are not available or cannot be met, all of our income would be subject to corporate‑level U.S. federal income tax as described below. We cannot provide assurance that we would qualify for any such relief should we fail the 90% annual gross income requirement or the asset diversification requirements discussed above. As a RIC, in any taxable year with respect to which we timely distribute at least 90% of the sum of: ▪ our investment company taxable income (which includes, among other items, dividends, interest and the excess of any net short‑term capital gain over net long‑term capital loss and other taxable income (other than any net capital gain), reduced by deductible expenses) determined without regard to the deduction for dividends and distributions paid; and ▪ net tax exempt interest income (which is the excess of our gross tax exempt interest income over certain disallowed deductions) (collectively, the “Annual Distribution Requirement”), we (but not our stockholders) generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on investment company taxable income and net capital gain (generally, net long‑term capital gain in excess of short‑term capital loss) that we distribute to our stockholders. However, due to limits on the deductibility of certain expenses, we may, in certain years, have aggregate taxable income subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement that is in excess of the aggregate net income actually earned by us in those years. To the extent that we meet the Annual Distribution Requirement but retain our net capital gains for investment or any investment company taxable income, we will be subject to U.S. federal income tax on such income at the regular corporate income tax rates. We may choose to retain our net capital gains for investment or any investment company taxable income, and pay the associated federal corporate income tax, including the federal excise tax described below. A 4% U.S. federal excise tax is imposed on a RIC if the RIC does not meet certain additional distribution requirements for each calendar year. To avoid this tax, we must distribute (or be deemed to have distributed) during each calendar year an amount equal to the sum of: ▪ at least 98% of our ordinary income (not taking into account any capital gains or losses) for the calendar year; ▪ at least 98.2% of the amount by which our capital gains exceed our capital losses (adjusted for certain ordinary losses) for a one-year period generally ending on October 31 of the calendar year (unless an election is made by us to use our taxable year); and ▪ certain undistributed amounts from previous years on which we paid no U.S. federal income tax (collectively, the “Excise Tax Exemption Requirement”). While we generally intend to distribute any income and capital gains in the manner necessary to minimize imposition of the 4% federal excise tax, sufficient amounts of our taxable income and capital gains may not be distributed to avoid entirely the imposition of the tax. In that event, we will be liable for the tax only on the amount by which we do not meet the Excise Tax Exemption Requirement. If, in any particular taxable year, we do not satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement or fail to qualify as a RIC (for example, because we fail the 90% annual gross income requirement described above), and relief is not available as discussed above, all of our taxable income (including our net capital gains) will be subject to tax at regular corporate rates without any deduction for distributions to stockholders, and distributions generally will be taxable to the stockholders as ordinary dividends to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits. We may decide to be taxed as a regular corporation even if we qualify as a RIC if we determine that being so taxed for a particular year would be in our best interests. 16 If we realize a net capital loss during any year in which we are a RIC, the excess of our net short‑term capital loss over our net long‑term capital gain is treated as a short‑term capital loss arising on the first day of our next taxable year and the excess of our net long‑term capital loss over our net short‑term capital gain is treated as a long‑term capital loss arising on the first day of our next taxable year. If future capital gain is offset by carried forward capital losses, such future capital gain is not subject to fund‑level U.S. federal income tax, regardless of whether amounts corresponding to such gain are distributed to stockholders. Accordingly, we do not expect to distribute any such offsetting capital gain. A RIC cannot carry back or carry forward any net operating losses to offset its investment company taxable income. Our Investments Certain of our investment practices are subject to special and complex U.S. federal income tax provisions that may, among other things: ▪ disallow, suspend or otherwise limit the allowance of certain losses or deductions, including the dividends received deduction, net capital losses, business interest expenses and certain underwriting and similar fees; ▪ convert lower taxed long‑term capital gain and qualified dividend income into higher taxed, short‑term capital gain or ordinary income; ▪ convert ordinary loss or a deduction into capital loss (the deductibility of which is more limited); ▪ cause us to recognize income or gain without a corresponding receipt of cash; ▪ adversely affect the time as to when a purchase or sale of stock or securities is deemed to occur; ▪ adversely alter the characterization of certain complex financial transactions; and ▪ produce income that will not qualify for purposes of the 90% annual gross income requirement described above. We will monitor our transactions and may make certain tax elections, borrow money or dispose of securities (even if it is not advantageous to dispose of such securities) to mitigate the effect of these rules, prevent disqualification of us as a RIC and prevent or mitigate imposition of corporate-level U.S. federal income tax.  However, no assurances can be given as to our eligibility for any such tax elections or that any such tax elections that are made will fully mitigate the effects of these rules. Investments we make in securities issued at a discount or providing for deferred interest or PIK interest may be subject to special tax rules that will affect the amount, timing and character of distributions to stockholders.  For example, if we buy a debt security whose “stated redemption price at maturity” (generally, the sum of all payments required under the note other than payments of “qualified stated  interest”, which generally is stated interest that is unconditionally payable in cash or in property other than debt instruments of the issuer at least annually at a single fixed rate) exceeds its issue price by an amount that does not satisfy a de minimis test, we will generally be required to accrue the excess amount on a daily basis in accordance with a constant yield-to-maturity method (unless otherwise accelerated) and to distribute such income on a timely basis each year (in advance of receipt of corresponding cash) to maintain our tax treatment as a RIC and to avoid U.S. federal income and excise taxes. Because in these and certain other circumstances we may recognize income before or without receiving cash representing such income or incur expenses that are not fully deductible for tax purposes, we may have difficulty making distributions in the amounts necessary to satisfy the requirements for avoiding U.S. federal income and excise taxes. Accordingly, we may have to sell some of our investments at times we would not consider advantageous, raise additional debt or equity capital or reduce new investment originations to meet these distribution requirements. If we are not able to obtain cash from other sources, we may fail to qualify for RIC tax treatment and thereby be subject to corporate‑level income tax. Furthermore, a portfolio company in which we invest may face financial difficulty that requires us to work‑out, modify or otherwise restructure our investment in the portfolio company.  Any such restructuring may result in unusable capital losses and future non‑cash income. Any such restructuring may also result in our recognition of a substantial amount of non‑qualifying income for purposes of the 90% gross income requirement or our receiving assets that would not count toward the asset diversification requirements. 17 Gain or loss recognized by us from warrants acquired by us as well as any loss attributable to the lapse of such warrants generally will be treated as capital gain or loss. Such gain or loss generally will be long‑term or short‑term, depending on how long we held a particular warrant. If we invest in foreign securities, we may be subject to withholding and other foreign taxes with respect to those securities. Stockholders will generally not be entitled to claim a U.S. foreign tax credit or deduction with respect to foreign taxes paid by us. If we acquire shares in a “passive foreign investment company” (a “PFIC”), we may be subject to U.S. federal income tax (plus an interest charge) on a portion of any “excess distribution” or gain from the disposition of such shares even if such amounts are distributed by us to our stockholders. If we invest in a PFIC and elect to treat the PFIC as a “qualified electing fund” under the Code (a “QEF”), in lieu of the foregoing treatment, we will be required to include in income each year a portion of the ordinary earnings and net capital gain of the QEF, even if such income is not distributed to us. Alternatively, subject to certain limitations, we can elect to mark‑to‑market at the end of each taxable year our shares in a PFIC; in this case, we will recognize as ordinary income any increase in the value of such shares, and as ordinary loss any decrease in such value to the extent it does not exceed prior increases included in income. Our ability to make either election will depend on factors beyond our control. Under either election, we may be required to recognize in a year income in excess of distributions we receive from PFICs and proceeds we receive from dispositions of PFIC stock during that year, and such income will nevertheless generally be subject to the Annual Distribution Requirement and will be taken into account for purposes of the 4% excise tax. If we directly or indirectly hold 10% or more of the shares (by vote or value) in a foreign corporation that is treated as a controlled foreign corporation (“CFC”), we may be required to include in our gross income our pro rata share of such CFC’s “subpart F income” and “Net CFC Tested Income,” whether or not the corporation makes an actual distribution during such year.  In general, a foreign corporation will be classified as a CFC if more than 50% of the shares of the corporation, measured by reference to combined voting power or value, is owned (directly, indirectly or constructively) by U.S. Stockholders.  A “U.S. Stockholder”, for purposes of this paragraph, is any U.S. person that possesses (directly, indirectly, or constructively) 10% or more of the combined voting power of all classes of shares or 10% or more of the value of a corporation.  If we are required to include our pro rata share of “subpart F income” or “Net CFC Tested Income” in our gross income for a taxable year, we will be required to include such income in our investment company taxable income regardless of whether we receive any actual distributions from such CFC, and we must distribute an amount equal to such income to satisfy the Annual Distribution Requirement and the Excise Tax Exemption Requirement. Although the Code generally provides that income inclusions from QEFs and inclusions of subpart F income and Net CFC Tested Income from CFCs will be qualifying income for purposes of the 90% gross income requirement to the extent such income is distributed to a RIC in the year it is included in the RIC’s income, the Code does not specifically provide whether income inclusions from a QEF or inclusions of subpart F income and Net CFC Tested Income during the RIC’s taxable year with respect to which no distribution is received would be qualifying income for the 90% gross income requirement. The U.S. Treasury, however, has issued regulations that treat such income as qualifying for purposes of the 90% gross income requirement, provided the income is derived with respect to a corporation’s business of investing in stock, securities or currencies. Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  Under Section 988 of the Code, gains or losses attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the time we accrue income, expenses or other liabilities denominated in a foreign currency and the time we actually collect such income or pay such expenses or liabilities are generally treated as ordinary income or loss.  Similarly, gains or losses on foreign currency forward contracts and the disposition of debt denominated in a foreign currency, to the extent attributable to fluctuations in exchange rates between the acquisition and disposition dates, are also generally treated as ordinary income or loss. If we borrow money, we may be prevented by loan covenants from declaring and paying dividends in certain circumstances.  Limits on our ability to pay dividends may prevent us from meeting the Annual Distribution Requirement, and may, therefore, jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a RIC, or subject us to the 4% excise tax. 18 Even if we are authorized to borrow funds and/or to sell assets in order to satisfy distribution requirements, under the Investment Company Act, we are not permitted to make cash distributions to our stockholders while our debt obligations and senior securities are outstanding unless certain “asset coverage” tests are met.  This may also jeopardize our qualification for taxation as a RIC or subject us to the 4% excise tax. Moreover, our ability to dispose of assets to meet our distribution requirements may be limited by (1) the illiquid nature of our portfolio and (2) other requirements relating to our status as a RIC, including the asset diversification requirements.  If we dispose of assets to meet the Annual Distribution Requirement, the asset diversification requirements, or to reduce or eliminate the 4% excise tax, we may make such dispositions at times that, from an investment standpoint, are not advantageous. Some of the income that we might otherwise earn, such as lease income, management fees, or income recognized in a work‑out or restructuring of a portfolio investment, may cause us not to satisfy the 90% gross income requirement.  To manage the risk that such income might disqualify us as a RIC as a result of us failing to satisfy the 90% gross income requirement, one or more of our subsidiaries treated as U.S. corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes may be employed to earn such income.  Such corporations will be required to pay U.S. corporate income tax (and possible state or local tax) on their earnings, which ultimately will reduce the yield to our stockholders on such income and fees. Failure to Qualify as a RIC If we were unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC, and relief is not available as discussed above, we would be subject to tax on all of our taxable income at regular corporate rates, and we would not be able to deduct distributions to stockholders. Distributions would generally be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income eligible for reduced maximum rates for non-corporate U.S. Holders (subject to certain limitations) to the extent of our current and accumulated earnings and profits.  Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate U.S. Holders would be eligible for the dividends received deduction from domestic corporations. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder’s tax basis, and any remaining distributions would be treated as a capital gain.  If we were to fail to meet the RIC requirements for more than two consecutive years and then to seek to requalify as a RIC, we would be required to recognize gain to the extent of any unrealized appreciation in our assets unless we made a special election to pay corporate level tax on any such unrealized appreciation recognized during the succeeding five‑year period.  Our qualification and taxation as a RIC depends upon our ability to satisfy on a continuing basis, through actual, annual operating results, various distribution, income and asset-related requirements, and other requirements imposed under the Code.  No assurance can be given that we will be able to meet the complex and varied tests required to qualify as a RIC or to avoid corporate level tax.  In addition, because the relevant laws may change, compliance with one or more of the RIC requirements may become impossible or impracticable. 19 Administration Agreement Our Board approved the Administration Agreement on August 8, 2016.  Pursuant to the Administration Agreement, GECM furnishes us with, or otherwise arranges for the provision of, office facilities, equipment, clerical, bookkeeping, finance, accounting, compliance and record keeping services at such office facilities and other such services as the administrator.  Under the Administration Agreement, GECM will, from time to time, provide, or otherwise arrange for the provision of, other services GECM determines to be necessary or useful to perform its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including retaining the services of financial, compliance, accounting and administrative personnel that perform services on our behalf, including personnel to serve as our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Compliance Officer.  Under the Administration Agreement, GECM also performs, or oversees the performance of, our required administrative services, which include, among other things, being responsible for the financial records that we are required to maintain and preparing reports to our stockholders and reports filed with the SEC.  In addition, GECM assists us in determining and publishing our NAV, oversees the preparation and filing of our tax returns and the printing and dissemination of reports to our stockholders, and generally oversees the payment of our expenses and the performance of administrative and professional services rendered to us by others.  Payments made by us to GECM under the Administration Agreement are equal to an amount based upon our allocable portion of GECM’s overhead in performing its obligations under the Administration Agreement, including our allocable portion of the cost of our officers (including our Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Financial Officer and their respective staffs).  The Administration Agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days’ written notice to the other party. We bear all costs and expenses, including rental expenses, that are incurred in our operation and transactions and not specifically assumed by GECM pursuant to the Investment Management Agreement. The Administration Agreement provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of its duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of its duties and obligations, GECM, its stockholders and their respective officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with it are entitled to indemnification from us for any damages, liabilities, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and amounts reasonably paid in settlement) arising from or otherwise based upon the rendering of GECM’s services under the Administration Agreement or otherwise as our administrator. Great Elm License Agreement We have a license agreement with GEG pursuant to which GEG grants us a non‑exclusive, royalty‑free license to use the name “Great Elm Capital Corp.” Under the license agreement, we have a right to use the Great Elm Capital Corp. name and the logo for so long as GECM, or an affiliate thereof, remains our investment adviser.  Other than with respect to this limited license, we have no legal right to the “Great Elm Capital Corp.” name.  The license agreement may be terminated by either party without penalty upon 60 days’ written notice to the other. Brokerage Allocation and Other Practices Since we acquire and dispose of many of our investments in privately negotiated transactions, many of the transactions that we engage in do not require the use of brokers or the payment of brokerage commissions. Subject to policies established by our Board, GECM is primarily responsible for selecting brokers and dealers to execute transactions with respect to the publicly traded securities portion of our portfolio transactions and the allocation of brokerage commissions. GECM does not execute transactions through any particular broker or dealer, but seeks to obtain the best net results for us under the circumstances, taking into account such factors as price (including the applicable brokerage commission or dealer spread), size of order, difficulty of execution and operational facilities of the firm and the firm’s risk and skill in positioning blocks of securities. 20 The aggregate amount of brokerage commissions paid by us during the three most recent fiscal years is approximately $113.  Such commissions include approximately $113 in brokerage commissions paid to Imperial Capital, LLC, an affiliated person of ICAM, beginning when ICAM became an affiliated person of the Company during the quarter ended December 31, 2021 through December 31, 2025.  Brokerage commissions paid to Imperial Capital, LLC represent nearly 100% of our aggregate brokerage commissions during the most recent fiscal year and the dollar amount of transactions on which such brokerage commissions were paid represents nearly 100% of the aggregate dollar amount of transactions involving the payment of commissions during such fiscal year.

