TICKER: GKOS
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain and development partners, each of which we continued to experience in 2025 and some of which we anticipate will continue into the near future; • Restrictions on our personnel’s ability to access customers and clinical sites for training and support; and • Volatility in credit or financial markets. If the supply and/or manufacture of our principal revenue-producing products, the iStent family of products, our Photrexa therapies, or the iDose TR, or our recently-approved Epioxa therapies, is materially disrupted, it may adversely affect our ability to manufacture products and could reduce our gross margins and negatively impact our operating results. Our sole manufacturing location for our iStent and iDose products is an approximately 120,000 square foot campus located in San Clemente, California, where we manufacture, inspect, package, release and ship nearly all of our implanted device products. We conduct substantially all of our research and development (R&D) activities, customer and technical support, and management and administrative functions at our corporate headquarters in Aliso Viejo, California (Aliso Facility). If either of our San Clemente or Aliso Facility suffers a significant disruption, including due to any natural disaster such as an earthquake, fire or flood, or if we lose insurance coverage for or are unable to renew insurance on these facilities, as some California residents have experienced, this could materially impact our ability to operate. Additionally, we rely on a limited number of third-party suppliers, in some cases sole suppliers, to supply components for the iStent , the iStent inject models, the iStent infinite , the iDose TR , and our other pipeline products. If any one or more of our suppliers cease to provide us with sufficient quantities of components or drugs in a timely manner or on terms acceptable to us, we would have to seek alternative sources of supply. Because of factors such as the proprietary nature of our products, our domestic and international quality control standards and regulatory requirements including the FDA’s Quality System Regulation, the European Union’s Medical Device Regulation, and Current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP) regulations, we may be unable to obtain components or quickly engage replacement suppliers, who may not have access to previous suppliers’ proprietary processes, if our component suppliers are found to be in violation of such standards, which could delay or impact our business, including regulatory approval timelines. If our manufacturing facilities or those of any of our component suppliers or contract facilities are found to be in violation of applicable laws and regulations or fail to adequately remediate any issues discovered during an audit, the FDA or other regulatory bodies could take enforcement action. Despite our efforts to maintain an adequate supply of inventory, the loss of these suppliers, or their inability to provide us 20 Table of Contents with an adequate supply of components or products, could cause delay in the manufacture of our products, thereby impairing our ability to meet the demand of our customers and causing significant harm to our business. Any disruption of this nature or increased expense could harm our commercialization efforts and adversely affect our operating results. Our corneal health Photrexa therapies, and our Epioxa pharmaceutical therapies, which were approved by the FDA in October 2025, are produced by a small number of contract manufacturing organizations. The systems that bio-activate our Photrexa and Epioxa therapies are primarily manufactured in Burlington, Massachusetts. Any material disruption to the manufacture of these corneal health products could also adversely affect our operating results and clinical efforts. We have incurred significant losses since inception and our operating results can be unpredictable and may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter, requiring substantial capital and operating expenditures for our business to operate and grow. These factors could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and the trading price of our common stock, and limit our ability to reach sustained profitability. Since the Company’s inception in 1998, we have incurred significant operating losses. Although we have been profitable for certain periods in our operating history, there can be no assurance that we will be profitable or generate cash from operations in the future. As of December 31, 2025, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately $933.1 million, principally comprised of costs incurred in our clinical trials, R&D programs, our selling, general and administrative expenses, and from amortization expense related to our acquired developed technology intangible assets included in cost of sales. We have funded our operations to date from the sale of equity securities, including our June 2015 initial public offering, the issuance of notes payable, cash exercises of stock options and warrants to purchase equity securities, cash generated from commercial operations and the issuance of the Company’s 2.75% convertible notes due 2027 (Convertible Notes), which were fully exchanged, converted or redeemed in 2024. Our operations to date have been, and our future growth and success will be, impacted by our ability to expand our business, including the success of our marketing and sales efforts, our timely satisfaction of regulatory requirements, and our overall ability to maintain a competitive position. To implement our global business strategies we have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in R&D activities, clinical studies, expanding our manufacturing capabilities, growing our sales and marketing organization, engaging in market access activities, enforcing and defending our intellectual property rights, acquiring companies or in-license products and intellectual property, building our general and administrative infrastructure, and obtaining regulatory clearance or approval to commercialize our pipeline product globally and expand our existing products into international markets or products We expect our expenses will continue to increase as we pursue these objectives. While we believe we have sufficient cash to fund our operations for at least the next 12 months from the date our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 are made publicly available, our ability to reach sustained profitability and generate positive cash flow in the future is highly uncertain. Additionally, our net sales have in the past and may in the future experience volatility due to a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, among other things, fluctuating demand, pricing pressures applicable to our products, changes in foreign currency exchange rates, Medicare payment rates established by U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) or Medicare Administrative Contractors (MACs) or changes in such rates or coverage, commercialization of our new products, the marketing of competitive products, transition-related sales disruptions when introducing new products, results of clinical research and trials, regulatory approval requirements and timings, legislative changes affecting our products, variances in the sales terms, an increase in demand for our patient assistance and/or free drug programs, supply chain and inventory management, shortage or increased cost of raw materials, seasonality in the timing or volume of customer orders, the length of our sales cycle, and reductions in revenue associated with our participation in Medicaid Drug Rebate Program (MDRP), which varies and may be unpredictable. For example, certain local coverage determinations (LCDs) finalized by five of the seven MACs in November 2024 that confirm non-coverage for surgical MIGS procedures in combination with other surgical MIGS procedures disrupted traditional customer ordering patterns and may have adversely impacted U.S. Glaucoma sales in 2024, 2025 and into the future. As a result, you should not rely solely on our results in any past period as an indication of future results and you should anticipate that fluctuations in our quarterly and annual 21 Table of Contents operating results may continue and could generate volatility in the price of our common stock. Comparisons of our past financial results should not be relied upon as an indication of our future performance. Our success depends on our ability to continue to generate sales of our commercialized products and develop and commercialize additional products, which we may not be able to accomplish. Our primary sales-generating commercial products have been the iStent , the iStent inject and its successor, the iStent inject W , as well as our Photrexa therapies. While we expect to continue to derive a significant portion of our net sales from the iStent, the iStent inject models, the iStent infinite and the Photrexa therapies, as well as our iDose TR product, which was approved by the FDA in December 2023 and which we began commercializing in a controlled manner in February 2024 and our Epioxa therapies, which were approved by the FDA in October 2025 and which we plan to begin commercializing in a controlled manner in early 2026, it is important that we continue to build a more complete product offering. Developing additional products is expensive and time-consuming. Our research programs may fail to yield product candidates for clinical development despite showing initial promise. If we are unable to successfully commercialize additional products, our business prospects would be materially affected. Even if we are successful in developing our additional pipeline products, the success of our new product offerings is inherently uncertain and our products, or the expansion of labeling of our products, may not receive regulatory approval, may receive approval that requires restrictive labeling, may not be profitable, or may be subject to transition-related sales disruptions when we introduce new products that are intended to replace or supersede our existing commercial products. Any current or new products could also quickly be rendered obsolete by changing customer preferences, third party payer reimbursement levels, or the introduction of competing products that (i) embody superior technologies, features, safety, quality or efficacy, (ii) reflect a broader label indication, or (iii) are available at lower prices. Our competitors include large publicly traded companies or divisions thereof and have more resources, greater name recognition, longer operating histories, more established relationships with healthcare professionals, customers and third-party payers, broader products lines, more established sales and marketing programs and distribution networks, and greater experience in obtaining regulatory clearance or approval. Additionally, the period of orphan drug exclusivity with respect to our Photrexa pharmaceutical therapy expired in 2023, which has enabled third parties to develop potentially-competitive products. As our growth strategy turns increasingly global, we are, and will continue to be, subject to a variety of risks associated with our international operations, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. Our existing foreign operations, as well as our planned international growth, expose us to additional uncertainty and risks beyond regulatory authorization and reimbursement levels. We sell our products through direct sales organizations and a network of third-party distribution partners in other markets. These international operations expose us and our subsidiaries and third-party distributors to a variety of risks including, without limitation, the following: • different, and in some cases more exacting and lengthy, regulatory approval processes, regulations and laws, pricing and reimbursement systems, and rebate requirements applicable to us, our suppliers and distributors; • reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights or difficulties enforcing our intellectual property rights and defending against third-party threats and intellectual property enforcement actions against us, our distributors, or any of our third-party suppliers; • pricing pressure or longer sales and payment cycles; • different competitive dynamics, including smaller market sizes, which we may not be able to fully appreciate before entering certain foreign markets; • a shortage of qualified sales personnel and distributors; • the challenges of managing foreign operations; 22 Table of Contents • relative disadvantages compared to competitors with more recognizable names, longer operating histories and better established distribution networks and customer relationships; • political and economic instability, international terrorism and anti-U.S. sentiment, or the imposition of U.S. or international sanctions that could restrict or prohibit continued business; • changes or increases in duties and tariffs, reciprocal and retaliatory tariffs, license obligations, import and export laws and other non-tariff barriers to trade; • scrutiny of foreign tax authorities that could result in significant fines, penalties and additional taxes; • different cultural norms which may impact how business is conducted; • laws and business practices favoring local companies; • difficulties in maintaining consistency and compliance with our internal guidelines; • difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems; • risks of money laundering, bribery and corruption practices, off-label promotion or breach of sanction regulations by our personnel or distributors, which may be difficult for us to discover or prevent; • failures by our third-party partners to properly assist us with local guidance on operations, financial and other reporting, accounting, tax, payroll, legal and regulatory matters; and • costly and complex export requirements and restrictions, particularly relating to technology. If we experience any of these risks, our sales in non-U.S. jurisdictions may be harmed, our results of operations would suffer, and our reputation and business prospects would be negatively impacted. Additionally, we are exposed to changes in foreign currencies relative to the U.S. dollar, which are references to the differences between the foreign-exchanges rates we use to convert the financial results of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. This impact of foreign-exchange rate changes is calculated based on the difference between the current period’s currency exchange rates and that of the comparable prior period. Further, significant foreign exchange rate fluctuations resulting in a decline in the respective local currency may decrease our revenues and earnings from our foreign operations. As a result of our global operations, our revenue, gross margins, operating expense and operating income in some international markets have been and may continue to be affected by foreign currency fluctuations. If the quality or delivery of our products does not meet our customers’ expectations, our reputation could suffer and ultimately our sales and operating earnings could be negatively impacted. As a manufacturer, we have addressed and must continue to address quality issues associated with our products, including in our engineering, design, manufacturing and delivery processes, as well as issues with third-party pharmaceuticals or components included in our products. Because our products are highly complex, the occurrence of performance issues may increase as we continue to introduce new products and rapidly scale up manufacturing to meet increased demand. Although we have established internal procedures to minimize risks that may arise from product quality issues, there can be no assurance that we will be able to eliminate or mitigate occurrences of these issues and associated liabilities. In addition, identifying the root cause of performance or quality issues, particularly those affecting third-party components or other elements, may be difficult, which increases the time needed to address quality issues as they arise and increases the risk that similar problems could recur. Finding solutions to quality issues can be expensive and we may incur significant costs, lost revenue or reputational damage in connection with, for example, shipment holds, product recalls and warranty or other service obligations. Quality issues can also impair our relationships with new or existing customers or result in product liability suits against us, which may be expensive to defend and could impact the reimbursement coverage of our products, our product liability insurance rates and/or our cash reserves in the event our existing insurance coverage is insufficient. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could harm our reputation as a producer of high-quality products and could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 23 Table of Contents Ophthalmic surgeons may not use our products if they do not believe they are safe, efficient, effective and preferable alternatives to other treatment solutions in the market or may use our products without being adequately trained, which could result in inferior clinical outcomes. We believe that ophthalmic surgeons and other healthcare providers will not use our products unless they conclude that our products provide a safe, efficient, effective and preferable alternative to currently available treatment options. Publications of clinical results by us, our competitors and other third parties may impact whether, and the degree to which, our products are used by physicians and the procedures and treatments those physicians choose to administer to their patients. If ophthalmic surgeons determine that any of our products are not sufficiently effective, efficient or safe, whether based on longer-term patient studies or clinical experience or unsatisfactory patient outcomes or patient injury, our sales would be harmed. Surgeons may base such determination on patient outcomes that are the result of other unqualified surgeons performing procedures for which they haven’t been trained. It is also possible that as our products become more widely used, latent defects could be identified, creating negative publicity and liability problems for us and adversely affecting demand for our products. If an increasing number of ophthalmic surgeons do not continue to adopt the use of our products, our operating and financial results will be negatively impacted. If we fail to manage our anticipated growth effectively, we may not be able to meet customer demand for our products and our business could suffer. Since the commercial launch of the iStent in 2012, we have seen significant period-to-period growth in our business, both organically and through transactions, and we must continue to grow in order to meet our business and financial objectives. However, continued growth creates numerous challenges, including, among others, new and increased responsibilities for our management team; increased competition; increased and, with respect to new products such as the iDose TR , uncertain product demand which could strain our manufacturing capacity or create product shortages; the management of an increasing number of customer, supplier and other relationships; increased pressure on our operating, financial and reporting systems; entry into new international territories with unfamiliar regulations and business approaches; and the need to hire, train and manage additional qualified personnel. If we fail to manage any of these challenges effectively, our business may be harmed. If we are unable to retain or recruit qualified personnel for growth, our business results could suffer. We have benefited substantially from the leadership and performance of our senior management and other key employees. For example, our chief executive officer, as well as other key members of our senior management, has experience successfully developing novel technologies and scaling early-stage medical device and pharmaceutical companies to achieve profitability. We also rely on our qualified sales representatives and on consultants and advisors in our research, operations, clinical and commercial efforts to grow our business, develop and commercialize new products and implement our business strategies. Our success will depend on our ability to retain our current management and key employees, consultants and advisors, and to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future, including by providing competitive compensation and benefit programs, flexible work arrangements, career advancement prospects and sufficient opportunities to develop leadership, managerial and other valuable skills. The loss of services of these personnel, which could occur without notice and without cause, could prevent or delay our growth plans and the implementation of our strategic objectives, or divert management’s attention to seeking qualified replacements. Our U.S. employees, including our senior management, are not subject to non-competition agreements. Accordingly, the adverse effect of losing key personnel could be compounded by our inability to prevent them from competing with us. We have and may continue to enter into acquisitions, collaborations, in-licensing agreements, joint ventures, alliances or partnerships with third parties that could fail or result in litigation. We have and may continue to enter into acquisitions, collaborations, in-licensing agreements, joint ventures and partnerships in order to retain our competitive position within the marketplace, develop new products or expand into new markets. Examples include our acquisitions of Mobius Therapeutics, LLC, DOSE Medical, and Avedro, as well as our licensing of Santen’s PRESERFLO® Microshunt® (Preserflo MicroShunt), and the Attillaps, iVeena, Ripple and Stuart pharmaceutical compounds. However, we cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully 24 Table of Contents complete any future acquisition we may pursue, or that we will be able to successfully integrate any acquired business, product or technology in a cost-effective and non-disruptive manner. Our future successes will depend, in part, on our ability to manage an expanded business, which may pose substantial challenges for our management, such as increased costs and complexity. There can be no assurances that we will be successful in managing such expanded business or that we will realize the expected economies of scale, synergies and other benefits currently anticipated from recent or future acquisitions or strategic transactions. Additionally, these collaborations, joint ventures, and partnerships may fail to result in any commercialized product, including due to delays in or failures to obtain regulatory approvals, such as the failure to receive approval of the PreserFlo MicroShunt in the U.S., and could require us to invest a substantial amount of resources only to ultimately change regulatory strategies or to fail. In addition, these arrangements may be terminated before we are able to realize net sales to sufficiently cover the costs associated therewith, or result in disputes between the parties that ultimately results in litigation, which could materially impact our business. We cannot assure you that any such transaction would result in the benefits expected from the transaction, including revenue growth, increased profitability or an enhancement in our business prospects. Further, pursuing acquisitions, collaborations, in-licensing agreements, joint ventures, alliances or partnerships with third parties, whether or not completed, is costly and time-consuming and could distract Company management from the operation of the business, which could negatively impact our operating results. Failure to protect our information systems against cybersecurity threats, cybersecurity incidents, service interruptions, or data loss could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business, operating results, or the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. The efficient operation of our global business depends on our information systems, including telecommunications, the internet, network communications, email and various computer hardware and software applications. We rely on our information systems to effectively manage sales and marketing data, accounting and financial functions, inventory management, product development tasks, clinical data, quality systems, customer service and technical support functions. Our information systems are vulnerable to damage, interruption from earthquakes, fires, floods and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, power losses, computer system or data network failures, data loss and security breaches or other cybersecurity incidents, some of which we have experienced and continue to monitor and expect may experience in the future. Cybersecurity incidents, which might be related to industrial, state-sponsored, and/or economic espionage, or financial cyber extortion or fraud, can include ransomware, computer denial-of-service attacks, worms, covertly introducing malware and spyware, and other malicious software programs introduced to our computers, networks and products (or to an electronic system operated by a third party for our benefit), including intrusions that are designed to evade detection for an extended period of time or impersonate authorized users, phishing attacks, social engineering attacks, and efforts to discover and exploit any design flaws, bugs, security vulnerabilities or weaknesses, as well as intentional or unintentional acts by employees or other insiders with access privileges, intentional acts of vandalism or fraud by third parties and sabotage. Additionally, cybersecurity threats and the techniques used in cyberattacks change, develop and evolve rapidly, including from emerging technologies, such as advanced forms of artificial intelligence (AI) and quantum computing. Further, use of AI by our employees, third-party service providers, strategic partners or other contractors or consultants, whether authorized or unauthorized, increases the risk that our intellectual property and other proprietary information will be unintentionally disclosed. While none of the cybersecurity incidents or service interruptions that we have experienced to date have had a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition or operations, the preventative measures we have implemented to date may not be sufficient to prevent, mitigate or offset a future incident that may materially and adversely impact us and the cybersecurity insurance we have obtained may or may not cover such an incident. In addition, some of our software systems are cloud-based data management applications, hosted by third-party service providers whose security and information technology systems are subject to similar risks. The failure to protect either our or our service providers’ information technology infrastructure could disrupt our entire operation, resulting in decreased sales, increased overhead costs, product shortages, or loss or misuse of intellectual property or data, including proprietary, confidential, sensitive or personal information, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, financial condition and operating results or result in investigations, claims and administrative penalties by regulators. Our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system is integral to our ability to accurately and efficiently maintain our books and records, record transactions, and prepare our financial statements. Any disruptions or 25 Table of Contents difficulties that may occur in connection with our ERP system (whether in connection with the regular operation, periodic enhancements or upgrades of such systems, or due to cybersecurity incidents) could adversely affect our ability to provide services, fulfill contractual obligations, file reports with the SEC in a timely manner, operate our business or otherwise affect our controls environment. If our independent registered public accounting firm determines that we have a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, we could lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, the market price of our common stock could decline, and we could be subject to sanctions or investigations by the New York Stock Exchange, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities. Any of these events could have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. We have incorporated and continue to further incorporate artificial intelligence into our internal operations. Implementation of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies may result in legal and regulatory risks, reputational harm, or other adverse consequences to our business. We have and are continuing to incorporate artificial intelligence (AI), including machine learning and independent algorithms, in certain of our business processes, including for research and development purposes. As with many innovations, AI presents risks and challenges that could undermine or slow its adoption, and therefore harm our business to the extent we increase our reliance on AI in the future. Moreover, our competitors may introduce AI technologies and features into their operations that result in greater efficiencies or other competitive advantages over us. Additionally, AI algorithms may be flawed or datasets may be insufficient or contain biased information resulting in perceived or actual negative outcomes. If the output that AI algorithms assist in producing are or are alleged to be inaccurate, deficient, or biased, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. The use of AI could pose security and other risks to our confidential or proprietary information, including personal, customer or patient information, or could expose us to legal liability and reputational harm in the event AI output includes third party proprietary information. Issues relating to the use of new and evolving technologies such as AI that we integrate into our operations may cause us to experience brand or reputational harm, competitive harm, legal liability, new or enhanced governmental or regulatory scrutiny, and to incur additional costs to resolve such issues. Several laws have been enacted at the U.S. state level that regulate the development and deployment of AI platforms and systems. Federal agencies in the U.S. are applying existing laws to address AI-related risks. An Executive Order issued in December 2025 seeks to establish uniform federal standards and challenge state laws that regulate AI. As with data privacy laws, these state laws and possible federal regulation could have significant effects on us and require us to change our AI practices and incur substantial costs and expenses in order to comply. Additionally, many countries and regions, including the EU, have proposed or passed new and evolving regulations related to the use of AI and machine learning technologies. The regulations may impose onerous obligations and may require us to unexpectedly rework or reevaluate improvements to be compliant. In particular, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act, which was adopted on June 13, 2024, may affect our use of AI technologies, may require additional compliance measures and changes to our operations and processes, and expose us to increased risk of regulatory enforcement and litigation. Furthermore, some of the AI features involve the processing of personal data and may be subject to laws, policies, legal obligations, and codes of conduct related to privacy and data protection, and could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory enforcement, increased cyber risks, reputational harm, and legal liability. Failure to comply with data privacy and security laws could have a material adverse effect on our business. We are subject to state, federal and foreign laws relating to data privacy and security in the conduct of our business, including state breach notification laws, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the U.K. Data Protection Act and the U.K. GDPR, the California Consumer Privacy Act, and the California Privacy Rights Act, among others. These laws affect how we collect and use data of our employees, consultants, customers and other parties, including patients treated with our products. They may further restrict our transfer and use of such data, and may allow individuals to make requests or exercise rights that could limit use of data and require the expenditure of significant resources and time and effort to 26 Table of Contents address. In addition, as a result of the release and availability of AI technologies, including generative AI platforms, we have seen a global trend toward more comprehensive and refined regulation of AI that may impact our business, such as the EU AI Act, that are designed to ensure the ethical use, security, and privacy of AI and create standards for transparency, accountability, and fairness. These laws, as well as similar laws being enacted by other states and countries, impose substantial requirements that involve the expenditure of significant resources and the investment of significant time and effort to comply. We also rely on third parties to host or otherwise process some of this data. In some instances, these third parties have experienced failures to protect data privacy. Our failure or the failure of these third parties to comply with these laws or prevent security breaches of such data could result in significant liability, fines and penalties under applicable data privacy laws, cause disruption to our business, harm our reputation and have a material adverse effect on our business. We cannot be certain that our net operating loss tax carryforwards will be available to offset future taxable income. At December 31, 2025, we had approximately $546.9 million, $455.1 million and $5.8 million of net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards for federal, state and foreign purposes, respectively. Portions of federal NOL carryforwards incurred prior to 2018 will expire annually, if unused, while $346.9 million will not expire but can only be used to offset 80 percent of federal taxable income. Additionally, portions of state and foreign NOL carryforwards will expire annually, if unused. At December 31, 2025, we had federal and state R&D credit carryforwards of approximately $56.3 million and $33.0 million, respectively. Portions of federal and $5.9 million of state R&D credits will expire annually, if unused, while $27.1 million of state R&D credits carry forward indefinitely. Additionally, at December 31, 2025, we had California economic development credit carryforwards of $3.0 million. These economic development credits can only be used to offset California taxable income and begin to expire in 2028, if unused. We continue to provide a valuation allowance against a portion of these tax attributes because we believe that uncertainty exists with respect to their future realization. Utilization of these tax attributes may be subject to annual limitations under Internal Revenue Code Sections 382 and 383 if we experience an ownership change. To the extent available, we intend to use these NOL and credit carryforwards to offset future taxable income and/or income tax liabilities associated with our operations. There can be no assurance that we will generate sufficient taxable income in the carry forward period to utilize the remaining tax attributes before they expire. Risks Related to Financing Transactions The capped call transactions may affect the value of our common stock, and subject us to counterparty risk. In connection with the issuance of the Company's 2.75% convertible notes due 2027 (Convertible Notes), which were fully exchanged, converted or redeemed in 2024, we entered into capped call transactions with certain option counterparties. The capped call transactions initially covered, subject to customary adjustments, the number of shares of common stock initially underlying the Convertible Notes. The capped call transactions were expected generally to reduce the potential dilution of our common stock upon any conversion of the Convertible Notes or at our election (subject to certain conditions), offset any cash payments we would be required to make in excess of the aggregate principal amount of converted Convertible Notes, as the case may be, with such reduction or offset subject to a cap. We have been advised that the option counterparties or their respective affiliates have established initial hedges of the capped call transaction, and may modify their hedge positions by entering into or unwinding various derivative transactions with respect to our common stock and/or purchasing or selling our common stock or other securities of ours in secondary market transactions prior to the maturity of the Convertible Notes, or following any termination of any portion of the capped call transactions in connection with any repurchase, redemption or early conversion of the Convertible Notes. In December 2024, we unwound a portion of capped call transactions corresponding to fifty percent of the number of shares of the Company’s common stock initially underlying the Convertible Notes. However, the remaining capped call transaction may still modify their hedge positions and such hedge modification activity could impact the market price of our common stock. 27 Table of Contents The option counterparties to the capped call transactions are financial institutions, and we are subject to the risk that any or all of them might default under the capped call transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the option counterparties is not secured by any collateral. Past global economic conditions have resulted in the actual or perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If an option counterparty becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at that time under the capped call transactions with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, an increase in our exposure will be correlated to an increase in the market price of our common stock, subject to the cap and in the volatility of our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or viability of the option counterparties. Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment Healthcare legislative reform measures and changes in U.S. and international trade policies may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The current administration has enacted or proposed legislative, administrative and executive actions and regulatory changes that could affect our ability to profitably sell our commercialized products or products for which we obtain marketing approval. For example, changes in government budget and funding levels for the FDA and other government agencies could negatively impact the ability of the FDA to review and approve new products due to staffing and other resource limitations, the inability to hire or retain key personnel, as well as the imposition of statutory, regulatory and policy changes. Such changes could prevent or delay marketing approval of our current or future pipeline products, restrict or regulate post-approval activities and affect our ability to profitably sell any product for which we obtain marketing approval, each of which may negatively impact our business. Further, there have been, and may continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the U.S. federal and state levels and in foreign jurisdictions directed at broadening the availability and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare including plans announced by the current administration to reform the U.S. pharmaceutical pricing system significantly through rulemaking and executive orders. In addition, existing legislation aimed at patient affordability in the United States such as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act may be repealed or replaced. The continuing efforts of the government, insurance companies and third-party payers to contain or reduce costs of healthcare may adversely affect our ability to set prices for our products that would allow us to achieve or sustain profitability. In addition, governments may impose price controls on any of our products, which may adversely affect our future profitability. These risks may also impact the development decisions we make with respect to our pipeline products. Additionally, the U.S. government recently announced changes to its trade policies, including increasing tariffs on imports, in some cases significantly, and potentially negotiating or terminating existing trade agreements. The current tariff environment is dynamic and uncertain, as the U.S. government has imposed, modified and paused tariffs multiple times since the beginning of 2025, and on February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the international tariffs imposed by President Trump in 2025, and President Trump subsequently expressed his intent to reinstate the tariffs through other means which have not yet been disclosed. Changes to tariffs and other trade restrictions can be announced at any time with little or no notice. We cannot predict with certainty the future trade policy of the U.S. or other countries or the impact of the recent developments discussed above, however, we believe our exposure to the current tariff environment is limited as we primarily source products and product components from the U.S. Nevertheless, such tariffs, or uncertainty regarding tariff policy, may cause (i) increases in manufacturing costs, (ii) disruptions or delays to our supply chain, (iii) limitations on our ability to sell our products domestically or abroad, and (iv) reductions in sales volumes and gross margins for our products, any of which could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 28 Table of Contents Our business, products and processes are subject to extensive regulation both in the U.S. and abroad and it can be costly to comply with these regulations. Any failure to adhere to applicable regulations could harm our business, financial condition and operating results. Our medical devices, drugs, drug/device combination products and other products are subject to extensive government regulation in the U.S. by the FDA, state regulatory authorities and foreign regulatory authorities in the countries in which we conduct business. These regulations relate to, among other things, approval or clearance of our products for sale, R&D, labeling, advertising, promotion, pricing and discounts, recordkeeping, reporting, import and export, post-approval studies and the sale and distribution of our products. See Item 1, Business, “Government Regulation - U.S. Regulation & Reimbursement” and “International Regulation & Reimbursement” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements could result in enforcement action by the FDA, or state or foreign regulatory authorities, which may include, among other things, warning letters, fines, injunctions, recalls, refusals to grant or delays in granting requests, civil fines and penalties, operating restrictions, withdrawal of approvals and even criminal prosecution. The process of obtaining clearances or approvals to market our products can be expensive and lengthy, and we cannot guarantee that our current products will receive clearance or approval for additional indications or that our future products will receive clearance or approval on a timely basis, or without restrictions, if at all. Additionally, our pipeline products that are determined to be drug-device combination products, such as our iDose TR product, require review and coordination by each of FDA’s drug and device centers prior to approval, which may delay approval of our future products. In some instances, we or our partners have pursued, and may in the future pursue, a regulatory clearance or approval that proves unsuccessful, such as the FDA’s failure to approve the PreserFlo Microshunt in the U.S. and our determination to conduct a second pivotal confirmatory study of our Epioxa pharmaceutical therapy based on recommendations from the FDA in pre-NDA submission meetings. When this occurs, the time and financial resources required to obtain FDA or other regulatory approval may substantially increase or new competitive products could reach the market faster than our product candidate, which could materially adversely impact our competitive position and prospects. Before we can obtain regulatory approval for any product candidate, we may have to undertake complex, time-consuming and expensive clinical testing in humans to demonstrate safety and efficacy, the outcomes of which are inherently uncertain and may never result in approved products or commercial sales. We have experienced in the past, and could experience in the future, delays in the commencement or completion of clinical trials or testing that could significantly affect our product development costs, including delays in enrollment for rare disease clinical trials. We do not know whether planned clinical trials will begin on time, need to be redesigned, enroll an adequate number of patients in a timely manner or be completed on schedule, if at all, or be deemed insufficient by the FDA, which may require additional lengthy, time-consuming and expensive trials, which would further delay approval. We may suffer significant setbacks in clinical trials, even after earlier trials showed promising results, and failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. We, the clinical trial investigators, the independent review board overseeing the trial, the FDA, or another regulatory authority may suspend, delay or terminate clinical trials at any time due to a number of factors, including failure to conduct the trial in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements or trial protocols, failure to demonstrate a benefit from using the product, lack of sufficient funding, medical device product malfunctions, adverse events, or to avoid exposing trial participants to unacceptable health risks. Any delay or failure in clinical trials would delay or prevent our ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and prospects. If our facilities, or those of our third-party manufacturers or suppliers, fail to meet the FDA’s Quality System Regulation or cGMP regulations, as applicable, or other standards required by the FDA, we could experience a delay in obtaining the necessary regulatory clearances or approvals to commercialize our pipeline products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and results. We have ongoing responsibilities under FDA regulations and applicable foreign laws and regulations and we may also be required to seek additional regulatory approvals to modify our approved products or their manufacturing processes or indications, which may entail significant time and expense. We and our suppliers are subject to extensive post-marketing regulatory requirements and failure to comply with applicable requirements in a timely manner could subject us to enforcement actions, including recall or product approval withdrawals. 29 Table of Contents Compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is subject to continual review and is monitored rigorously through periodic inspections by the FDA. Other post-market requirements on our products include reporting of adverse events and device malfunctions, product tracing, reporting of corrections and removals (recalls), labeling requirements, and promotional restrictions. See Item 1, Business, “Government Regulation - U.S. Regulation & Reimbursement - Post-Market Regulation” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. Additionally, any recall or product withdrawal, whether required by the FDA, another regulatory authority or initiated by us, could harm our reputation with customers, cause us to incur significant expense and negatively affect our sales. In addition, our promotional materials, sales techniques, pricing programs and training methods must comply with FDA and other applicable laws and regulations, including increased scrutiny on direct to consumer advertising of pharmaceutical products. The FDA or other regulatory authorities may limit the indications for use of our products, thereby restricting our ability to promote the drug or device. Physicians may use our products, particularly newly-approved products, off-label or in combination with other products that are not indicated or appropriate, as the FDA does not restrict or regulate a physician's choice of treatment within the practice of medicine. However, if the FDA determines that our promotional materials, sales techniques, pricing programs or training constitutes promotion of an off-label use or encourages over-utilization of our products or use of our products in combinations that are not indicated or appropriate, it could request that we modify our materials, techniques, programs or training or subject us to enforcement actions. We are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse, anti-kickback, false claims and transparency laws and regulations, among others, which are enforced by federal, state and international governments with respect to our marketing, training, customer arrangements, discount, rebate and pricing programs, product bundling, financial arrangements with physicians, patient assistance programs, reimbursement support services, and other practices. See Item 1, Business, “Government Regulation - U.S. Regulation & Reimbursement” and “International Regulation & Reimbursement” contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information about the laws and regulations which apply to us. The U.S. Department of Justice has increased its scrutiny of interactions between manufacturers and healthcare providers, as well as various patient, product and reimbursement support programs and speaker bureaus, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Although we try to structure our arrangements within available safe harbors whenever possible, we may nevertheless become subject to government scrutiny or investigation. Violations may result in civil monetary penalties, criminal penalties, and exclusion from participation in government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, all of which would have an adverse effect on our business. We are also subject to compliance with various anti-bribery laws and regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions, which generally prohibit companies and their agents from making bribes or other improper payments to officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We are also subject to limitations on trade with persons in sanctioned countries. Our sales in international markets increase the inherent risks of encountering such issues. While our employees, distributors and agents are required to comply with these laws and regulations, no assurance can be given that our training efforts and internal policies and procedures will prevent violations of these laws. Any actual or alleged violations of these laws and regulations could subject us to government investigations, criminal sanctions, severe fines and penalties that could have a material adverse impact on our reputation, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The scope and enforcement of each of the laws applicable to our business and products is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform. Responding to a government investigation is time and resource intensive, and may cause harm to our business and reputation even if we are able to successfully defend against it. Additionally, resolution of any such investigation may require agreement to onerous corporate integrity agreements or other compliance or reporting requirements, which may negatively affect our business. 30 Table of Contents Legislative or regulatory reform of the healthcare system could hinder or prevent our products’ commercial success . In the U.S. and in certain states and foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory proposals and adoptions to change the healthcare systems in ways that could impact our ability to sell our products profitably, if at all. In addition, new regulations and interpretations of existing healthcare statutes and regulations are frequently adopted and we may not be able to comply with the changed laws, they could increase the cost of manufacturing, marketing or selling our products, lower the prices we can charge for our products, or make approvals of pipeline products more difficult or prevent us from selling at all. We expect there will continue to be a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the U.S. health care system that could significantly change the statutory provisions governing the regulatory approval, manufacture and marketing of regulated products or the reimbursement thereof and may impose additional costs or lengthen review times of planned or future products. It is also difficult to predict whether and how the policies and priorities of a new administration could materially impact the regulation governing our products. A new U.S. administration may propose policy changes that create additional uncertainty for our business, such as changes to the level of scrutiny to enforce the 340B drug pricing program (340B program) non-compliance, new price restrictions on products we sell to Medicaid, Medicare or other government purchasers, or other regulatory changes impacting reimbursement or competitive dynamics in the markets in which we operate. The extent to which such policy changes impact the healthcare regulatory environment remains uncertain and could materially impact our business and operations. Additionally, in its June 2024 decision in Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo (“ Loper decision”), the U.S. Supreme Court overturned the longstanding Chevron doctrine, under which courts were required to give deference to regulatory agencies’ reasonable interpretations of ambiguous federal statutes. The Loper decision could result in additional legal challenges to regulations and guidance issued by federal agencies applicable to our operations, including those issued by the FDA and CMS. Further, the Loper decision may result in increased regulatory uncertainty, inconsistent judicial interpretations and other impacts to the agency rulemaking process. We cannot predict which additional measures may be adopted or the impact of current and additional measures on the marketing, pricing and demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are also subject to the EU’s Medical Devices Regulation (MDR) and the United Kingdom’s Medical Device Regulation (UKMDR), each of which could result in substantial additional costs of compliance. In addition, our products could be reclassified in international markets, which would impose an entirely new regulatory framework on us and our contract manufacturers and compliance may prove costly and difficult or may not be achievable at all. Our failure, or the failure of our contract manufacturers, to obtain CE marks for all of our products under MDR or the UKMDR on a timely basis, or to comply with MDR, UKMDR or applicable European Medicines Agency regulations regarding drug products, could restrict our ability to sell our products in the EU or other parts of the world, which would have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. From time to time, we increase the prices of our products, as we have previously done with our Photrexa therapies, or set pricing for new products. Drug pricing by pharmaceutical manufacturers is subject to federal and state reporting requirements and is currently, and is expected to continue to be, under close scrutiny, including with respect to manufacturers that increase the price of products after acquiring those products from other companies. In some cases, such scrutiny has resulted in congressional inquiries and federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturers’ patient support programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products. Although our pricing is in part based upon third party studies of the projected economic value of our products to the healthcare system, it may still become subject to such scrutiny. As a condition of having our iDose TR product covered under certain federal healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, we are required to participate in the MDRP with respect to all of our pharmaceutical products, including Epioxa , which requires us to calculate and report certain pricing metrics to the government, comply with certain pricing limitations and pay a rebate to each state Medicaid program for our covered products based on utilization of our products by Medicaid beneficiaries. Any company that participates in the MDRP also must participate in the 340B program. The 340B program, which is administered by the Health Resources and 31 Table of Contents Services Administration, requires participating companies to agree to charge statutorily defined covered entities no more than the 340B “ceiling price” for covered outpatient drugs. The 340B program ceiling price is calculated using a statutory formula, which is based on pricing data calculated under the MDRP. Additionally, the U.S. Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which is designed to, among other things, have a direct impact on drug prices and reduce drug spending by the federal government, requires drug manufacturers to pay rebates to Medicare if they increase prices faster than inflation for certain drugs used by Medicare beneficiaries. The expansion of inflation-based rebates may complicate our pricing strategies. See Item 1, Business, “Government Regulation - U.S. Regulation & Reimbursement” in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on the MDRP. To the extent applicable, these and other similar legislation or regulations will reduce the prices we can charge, and impact the rebate amount we must pay, on sales of our products subject to that act, particularly on sales to our customers if they qualify as covered entities eligible to receive the discounted 340B ceiling price. Compliance with these laws and programs may reduce our net sales, and could require significant resources, which would reduce our profitability. Further, we cannot predict how our participation in, or how future CMS guidance or rules governing, MDRP will affect our profitability (including the potential for increases in our overall Medicaid rebate liability and the obligation to charge reduced prices to covered entities). Any changes to the limitations, calculations, or scope of these programs could negatively impact the results of our operations. Additionally, pricing and rebate calculations are complex and often subject to interpretation by the manufacturer, governmental agencies and courts. A manufacturer that becomes aware that its Medicaid reporting for a prior was incorrect or has changed as a result of a recalculation of pricing data is obligated to resubmit corrected data up to three years after the data was originally due. Restatements and recalculations may result in an overage or shortfall in our rebate liability for prior periods, and may affect our 340B ceiling price and therefore liability under the 340B program. If we cannot sell our products profitably, whether due to our own inability to comply with, or the inability of other economic operators in our supply chain to qualify under, any legislative reform or pricing programs, our business would be harmed. In addition, any change in the laws or regulations that govern the clearance and approval processes relating to our current and future products could make it more difficult and costly to obtain clearance or approval for new products, or to produce, market and distribute existing products. Inadequate or inconsistent reimbursement for our products may adversely impact our business. Our ability to successfully commercialize and achieve market acceptance of our products and compete against other therapies designed to address the same disease states depends in significant part on adequate financial coverage and reimbursement from third party payers, including governmental payers (such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs in the U.S.), managed care organizations and private health insurers. See Item 1, Business, “Government Regulation - U.S. Regulation & Reimbursement” and “International Regulation & Reimbursement” contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information. payers continually review the clinical evidence for new therapies and can change their coverage policies without notice or deny payment if the product was not used in accordance with the payer’s coverage policy. Therefore, coverage for our products can differ significantly from payer to payer. As a result, the coverage determination process is often time-consuming and costly and requires us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payer separately, with no assurance that coverage will be obtained or will be maintained once it is obtained. In addition to uncertainties surrounding coverage policies, there are uncertainties regarding appropriate reimbursement for the procedures associated with certain of our products like iStent infinite and iDose TR , as well as sporadic volatility in reimbursement levels of existing products, including our Photrexa therapy and the procedures associated with our existing products, such as our iStent family of products. For example, in 2022 the CMS’ payment rates significantly lowered the Medicare physician fee payment rates and slightly lowered the Medicare facility fee payment rates related to the implantation of trabecular bypass stents, such as our iStent family of products, in conjunction with cataract surgery, furnished in the ambulatory surgery center setting, which we believe disrupted traditional customer ordering patterns and resulted in certain of our customers’ utilization of competitive products, causing reduced glaucoma sales volumes in the U.S. in 2022 and 2023. Additionally, the facility fee payment rates for the standalone procedure that hospitals and ambulatory surgery centers will use with Glaukos’ iStent infinite product were lower than anticipated for 2022 and were not significantly modified by CMS for 2023 32 Table of Contents facility fee payment rates, which had an adverse impact on procedural iStent family product volumes and our revenues and net income. The demand for, and the profitability of, our products could be materially harmed if the Medicaid program, Medicare program, other healthcare programs in the U.S. or elsewhere, or third party commercial payers in the U.S. or elsewhere, deny reimbursement for our products, limit the indications for which our products will be reimbursed, are unclear on appropriate reimbursement codes or provide reimbursement only on unfavorable terms. For example, in June 2023 five MACs, which set physician fee payment rates for products covered by Category III CPT codes, published proposed LCDs that deemed certain ophthalmic procedures, including the procedures using our iAccess product, investigational and therefore not covered by Medicare and not reimbursed, which LCD was ultimately adopted and then reversed by these MACs. This non-coverage determination was not included in the proposed LCDs subsequently finalized by the five MACs in November 2024. Additionally, the physician fee payment rates for the procedures using our iDose TR product will be determined by the MACs, several of which have not yet published this rate. Also, when procedures associated with our products transition from temporary CPT Category III codes to permanent CPT Category I codes, the physician and facility reimbursement levels associated with the procedures using these products could be decreased, such as the decreased payment rates for procedures using our iStent -related products, in conjunction with cataract surgery, established by CMS for 2022 and 2023, as discussed above. Even when a permanent billing code has been assigned to a product, there is no guarantee that coverage will be provided. If we are unable to maintain our existing codes or obtain new permanent codes for procedures using our products, use existing codes for new products or obtain new reimbursement codes for our products in development, we may be subject to significant pricing pressure, that could harm our results of operations, financial condition and prospects. In the foreign markets in which we operate, different pricing and reimbursement systems could result in lower reimbursement, harming our ability to operate our business. We cannot predict to what extent current global economic conditions may disrupt healthcare systems and access to our products or result in a widespread loss of individual health insurance coverage due to unemployment, a shift from commercial payer coverage to government payer coverage, or an increase in demand for patient assistance or free drug programs, any of which could adversely affect our net revenue. In addition, payers consistently engage in cost containment efforts, which could result in decreased reimbursement levels for prescription drugs and the imposition of prior authorization for the use of our products. We cannot predict actions that third party payers may take, including limiting access to or the level of reimbursement for our products or refusal to provide any approvals or coverage. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property If we are unable to adequately protect our intellectual property, our competitors and other third parties could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, which would substantially impair our ability to compete. Our success and ability to compete depends significantly upon our ability to obtain, maintain and protect our proprietary rights and licensed intellectual property rights to the technologies and inventions used in or embodied by our products. We rely on a combination of patents and trademark rights, and to a lesser extent on trade secrets and copyrights, together with licenses and nondisclosure agreements to protect our technologies. These legal means, however, afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our business. We also have not pursued or maintained, and may not pursue or maintain in the future, patent protection for our products in every country or territory in which we sell or will in the future sell our products. In addition, we cannot be sure that any of our pending patent applications or pending trademark applications will issue or issue in a form that will be advantageous to us. The theft, unauthorized use, transfer, or publication of our intellectual property, our confidential business, financial, and/or technical information, or the personal data of our employees and customers by third parties or by our employees could harm our competitive position, reduce the value of our investment in research and development and other strategic initiatives, or otherwise adversely affect our business. Despite our efforts, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to adequately protect our proprietary rights, which could substantially impair our ability to compete. Our patents may be challenged and held invalid or we may be unable to extend the protection on products 33 Table of Contents with expiring patents. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. Competitors could purchase our products and attempt to replicate some or all of the competitive advantages we derive from our development efforts, infringe our intellectual property rights, design around our protected technology or develop their own competitive technologies that fall outside of our intellectual property rights. Further, although it is our policy to require each of our employees, consultants and any other parties who may be involved in the development of intellectual property on our behalf to execute proprietary information and inventions agreements, we may be unsuccessful in doing so with each party who in fact develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The relevant assignment provisions may not be self-executing or may be breached, resulting in ownership disputes and/or litigation. We have many foreign patents and patent applications, and expect to pursue patent protection in the most significant markets in which we do business. The laws of other countries in which our products are or may be sold may not protect our product offerings and intellectual property to the same extent as U.S. laws, if at all. Many companies have encountered significant difficulties in obtaining, protecting and defending such rights in international markets. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against other parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, and certain countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to other parties. We also may be unable to protect our rights in trade secrets and unpatented proprietary technology in these countries. If we encounter such difficulties or are otherwise precluded from effectively protecting our intellectual property rights in these countries, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be substantially harmed. We may not be able to accurately estimate or control our future operating expenses in relation to obtaining, enforcing and/or defending intellectual property, which could lead to cash shortfalls. Our operating expenses may fluctuate significantly in the future as a result of the costs of preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing patent claims and other patent related costs, including litigation costs and the results of such litigation or costs associated with administrative proceedings and the results of such proceedings. We have been and may in the future become involved in patent and other intellectual property litigation or administrative proceedings relating to our intellectual property rights, which could be costly, time consuming and unsuccessful and could interfere with our ability to successfully commercialize our products. Intellectual property rights are essential to our business. We have asserted and may in the future need to assert claims of infringement or trade secret theft against third parties to protect our rights, or to invalidate or challenge the intellectual property rights of a third party, including those rights owned by our competitors. Additionally, third parties could assert infringement or misappropriation claims against us with respect to our current or future commercial products and seek to invalidate one or more of our patents or trademarks. Such claims could arise in situations where certain employees, consultants or contractors were previously, or are currently, employed by other medical device, biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors; we may be subject to claims that we or these individuals have, inadvertently or otherwise, misappropriated the intellectual property or disclosed the alleged trade secrets or other proprietary information, of these other employers. There is no guarantee that we would be successful enforcing or defending our intellectual property rights in court. A court could hold that some or all of our asserted intellectual property rights are not infringed, or could invalidate our rights, hold our rights unenforceable, or substantially narrow the scope of protection. Further, we could be prohibited from manufacturing or selling our products or a court could order us to pay substantial compensatory damages as well as other penalties and fines. Any such adverse result would undermine our competitive position. Regardless of the final outcome, any litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights in patents, copyrights, trade secrets or trademarks is highly unpredictable and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 34 Table of Contents Risks Related to Our Common Stock Anti-takeover provisions in our Charter and Bylaws and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management and limit the market price of our common stock. Provisions in our Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Charter) and amended and restated bylaws (Bylaws) may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in our management. Our Charter and Bylaws include provisions that: • authorize our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, up to 5,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred stock; • require that any action to be taken by our stockholders be affected at a duly called annual or special meeting and not by written consent; • specify that special meetings of our stockholders may be called only by our board of directors, the chairman of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or the president; • establish an advance notice procedure for stockholder approvals to be brought before an annual meeting of our stockholders, including proposed nominations of persons for election to our board of directors; • divide our board of directors into three classes, with each class serving staggered three year terms; • provide that our directors may be removed only for cause by a supermajority vote of our stockholders; • provide that vacancies on our board of directors may be filled only by a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum; • specify that no stockholder is permitted to cumulate votes at any election of directors; and • require a supermajority vote of the stockholders and a majority vote of the board to amend certain of the above-mentioned provisions and our Bylaws. These provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management. In addition, because we are incorporated in Delaware, we are governed by the provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which limits the ability of stockholders owning in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock to merge or combine with us. The exclusive forum provisions in our organizational documents could limit our stockholders’ ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other employees. Our Charter and Bylaws provide that, unless the Company consents in writing, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company, (ii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Company or its stockholders, (iii) any action or proceeding asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, our Charter or Bylaws, or (iv) any action or proceeding asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine (the Delaware Exclusive Forum Provision). The Delaware Exclusive Forum Provision is intended to apply to claims arising under Delaware state law and would not apply to claims brought pursuant to the Exchange Act or the Securities Act, or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. Further, our Bylaws provide that the federal district courts of the U.S. will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action under the Securities Act (the Federal Forum Provision). Our decision to adopt the Federal Forum Provision followed a decision by the Supreme 35 Table of Contents Court of the State of Delaware holding that such provisions are facially valid under Delaware law and means that suits brought by stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created under the Securities Act must be brought in federal court and cannot be brought in state court. The exclusive forum provisions in our Charter and Bylaws will not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder and, accordingly, actions by our stockholders to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder must be brought in federal courts. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. The exclusive forum provisions in our Charter and Bylaws may limit a stockholder's ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with the Company or its directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. In addition, stockholders who do bring a claim in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware pursuant to the Delaware Exclusive Forum Provision could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Delaware. The court in the designated forum under our exclusive forum provisions may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments or results may be more favorable to the Company than to our stockholders. Further, the enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions in other companies’ organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find any of our exclusive forum provisions to be inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings. If a court were to find all or any part of our exclusive forum provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we might incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions. IT EM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. IT EM 1C. CYBERSECURITY Risk Management and Strategy We recognize the importance of maintaining the security of our information systems and assets, and have several cybersecurity processes and controls designed to identify , assess and manage the risks associated with cybersecurity threats and cybersecurity incidents. Risk Management Systems and Processes Our cybersecurity risk management program encompasses periodic risk assessments, designed to help identify cybersecurity risks to our critical systems, information, services, and our broader enterprise IT environment. To identify and assess material risks from cybersecurity threats, our enterprise risk management program considers cybersecurity threat risks alongside other company risks as part of our overall risk assessment process. Our enterprise risk management program is administered by the Company’s legal and internal audit functions, and includes, among other risks, the process of identifying and assessing cybersecurity threat risks, as well as monitoring the effectiveness of our associated risk mitigation efforts. During the year, our senior management periodically identifies cybersecurity risks facing the Company and reviews our mitigation plans related to these risks. These senior leaders conduct an evaluation of the severity of these identified risks and any changes to the risk level or the Company’s mitigation efforts since the prior evaluation. The severity of risks is measured based upon the potential adverse impact that could result, the immediacy of the threat and the availability of mitigating factors, among other elements. Management may engage outside consultants, such as legal counsel or cybersecurity advisors, in assessing risks and developing mitigation plans. We also have specific cybersecurity risk assessment processes which help identify our cybersecurity threat risks, including a comparison of our processes to industry standards as well as periodic third-party assessments of our programs. We compare our Information Security Program with industry standards including the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework (NIST CSF) and ISO 27001. In order to enhance internal expertise, members of our Global Technology Systems (GTS) department maintain various 36 Table of Contents cybersecurity-related certifications. We also maintain written incident response and security policies that seek to ensure we are protected and ready to respond should a security incident occur. Our incident response plan coordinates the activities we would take to respond to and recover from cybersecurity incidents, which include processes to triage, assess severity of, escalate, contain, investigate, and remediate the incident, as well as to comply with potentially applicable legal obligations and mitigate potential liability and reputational damage. Based on established criteria, incidents may be reported to senior management, the Audit Committee or the full Board. To provide for the availability of critical data and systems, maintain regulatory compliance, manage our material risks from cybersecurity threats, and to protect against, detect, and respond to cybersecurity incidents, we undertake the activities listed below: • closely monitor emerging laws, regulations and implement responsive changes to our processes; • conduct annual cybersecurity training for all employees and contractors who use our systems; • conduct regular email phishing testing exercises for all employees to enhance awareness and responsiveness to such possible threats; • require employees, as well as contractors who have access to our systems or the data of our employees, customers or patients, to treat information as confidential; • perform internal audits of cybersecurity processes, including reviews of logging and monitoring practices and the patch management process; • conduct tabletop exercises to simulate a response to a cybersecurity incident and use the findings to improve our preparedness, processes, technologies and incident response plan; and • carry cyber risk insurance that provides protection (as specified in the applicable policies) against certain potential costs and losses arising from a cybersecurity incident. Engagement of Third Parties As part of the above processes, we regularly engage with assessors, consultants, and other third-parties to review our cybersecurity program. These reviews are intended to evaluate the effectiveness and robustness of the security measures implemented in our networks and information systems, identifying potential vulnerabilities, performance improvements, and recommended improvement strategies. These security assessments may focus on key areas such as user access controls, data encryption processes, auditing and monitoring of database activities, system and server configuration and updated procedures. Threats from Third Party Service Providers Our processes also address cybersecurity threat risks associated with our use of third-party software and service providers. Third-party risks are included within our enterprise risk management assessment program, which is discussed above. In addition, cybersecurity considerations affect the selection and oversight of our third-party service providers. We perform diligence on any high-risk third-parties that provide us software or have access to our systems or highly sensitive information, and monitor cybersecurity threat risks identified through such diligence. We formed a Software Approval Board, which is made up of cross-functional members from Quality, Internal Audit, Information Security, Business Systems, and R&D, to help determine risk and impact of any potential newly proposed software before purchase or installation on our systems. Additionally, we require third parties with access to sensitive systems or data to agree by contract to manage their cybersecurity risks in specified ways. This approach is designed to mitigate risks related to data breaches or other security incidents originating from third parties. Material Impact of Cybersecurity Threats or Incidents We describe whether and how risks from identified cybersecurity threats, including as a result of any previous cybersecurity incidents, have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect us, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, under the heading “ Risks Related to our Business, ” 37 Table of Contents included as part of our risk factor disclosures at

--- VENDORS ---
vendors are continuing to experience supply challenges, both in the acquisition of raw materials as well as due to labor shortages and other disruptions. These challenges have occasionally led to longer lead times and delays of certain components needed for the manufacture of our products, in some cases requiring us to find alternative sources for materials. As a result of these supply chain challenges and ongoing inflationary pressures, we have experienced higher costs for certain components and raw materials. While these supply challenges have generally stabilized over the course of 2025, if these supply issues persist or worsen in the future, they could impact our gross margin, our ability to ship some of our products to our customers, or bring some of our pipeline products to market, in a timely manner. During 2025, the U.S. government announced tariffs on product imports from certain countries, including higher tariff levels on goods imported from Canada, Mexico and China. These actions have resulted, and could further result, in retaliatory measures on U.S. goods by those countries and others. On February 20, 2026, the U.S. Supreme Court struck down the international tariffs imposed by President Trump in 2025. President Trump has subsequently expressed his intent to reinstate the tariffs through other means which have not yet been disclosed. We are evaluating the impact of these developments, however we believe our exposure to these tariffs and the potential escalation of trade disputes is limited as we primarily source our raw materials and product components from the U.S. Nevertheless, these tariffs, or the introduction of new or higher tariffs in other countries, could pose a risk to our business, or the businesses of our customers, that could affect our net sales and cost of sourcing materials. We will continue to evaluate the impacts of tariffs on our business and results of operations. The effects of foreign currency fluctuations were most notably experienced in our international glaucoma business. Our annual growth rate of net sales of our international glaucoma franchise for the year ended 43 Table of Contents December 31, 2025 was positively affected by approximately 208 basis points, primarily related to the Euro. For the year ended December 31, 2024, net sales of our international glaucoma business were negatively impacted by approximately 185 basis points, primarily related to the Japanese Yen. Developments Impacting Reimbursement Rates and Coverage In the U.S., healthcare providers use separate billing codes to report the provision of medical procedures and use of supplies to third-party payers, such as government programs or private insurance, and seek reimbursement for all or a portion of those costs. Physician fee payment rates for procedures covered by temporary Current Procedural Terminology (CPT) codes in the Medicare Fee for Service setting, such as a standalone trabecular micro-bypass procedure utilizing the iStent infinite or the implanting of iDose TR products, are set by the multi-state, regional contractors, or Medicare Administrative Contractors (MACs), of which there are currently seven, that are responsible for administering Medicare claims. As of December 31, 2025, the professional fees associated with an iDose TR procedure have been formally published by four of the seven MACs. MACs have in the past, and may in the future, change coverage terms, and there can be no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained from, or maintained by, the MACs. The unique, permanent Healthcare Common Procedure Coding System (HCPCS) J-code for iDose TR , J7355, became effective July 1, 2024. J-codes are used by U.S. government and commercial payers to streamline the billing and reimbursement process for procedural pharmaceuticals administered by a healthcare professional, such as iDose TR . In addition to the J-code, on March 21, 2024, CMS assigned the temporary CPT codes that are designed to be used to cover the procedural component of iDose TR , 0660T and 0661T, to APC 5492 (Level 2 Intraocular Procedures), retroactively effective as of January 1, 2024. Now that Epioxa , our new CXL procedure, has been approved by the U.S. FDA, reimbursement is expected to primarily involve updates to third-party commercial insurance policies as the vast majority of patients who are diagnosed with, and then treated for, keratoconus are below the Medicare age. Therefore, the procedural component of Epioxa will be covered by a temporary Category III CPT code, 0402T. Next, we will apply for a permanent HCPCS J-Code for Epioxa and we will seek coverage by third-party commercial payers. The professional fees associated with the CXL procedure will be determined by each payer. Coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payer to payer, and payers can change or deny coverage for new or existing products without notice. On October 31, 2025 and November 21, 2025, the U.S. Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services’ (CMS) published its proposed rules on 2026 Medicare physician fee and facility fee payment rates (2026 Final Rules), respectively. The 2026 Final Rules reflected a modest increase with respect to facility fee payment rates in both the ASC and hospital outpatient setting over the 2025 Medicare facility fee payment rates with respect to procedures using our glaucoma products. The 2026 Final Rules also reflected reductions with respect to physician fee payment rates over the 2025 Medicare physician payment rates with respect to several Category I CPT codes across ophthalmology generally, including for cataract and surgical MIGS procedures specifically. The physician fee rules contained in the 2026 Final Rules do not affect the physician fees paid under temporary CPT codes for iDose TR and iStent infinite , because as explained above, those rates are determined on a MAC-by-MAC basis. We estimate that approximately 80% of procedures utilizing our iDose TR and iStent family of products in the U.S. have been performed in the ASC setting and the remaining estimated 20% of procedures have been performed in the hospital. Business Outlook As discussed above, establishment of reimbursement for the iDose TR and its associated procedure has been an ongoing effort since its commercial launch in the first quarter of 2024. As reimbursement for the iDose TR procedure continues to become a more timely and consistent process across all MACs, we anticipate utilization of iDose TR by our customers will increase accordingly. 44 Table of Contents CMS physician fee payment rate decreases, along with the finalization in late 2024 of recent LCDs issued by five of the seven MACs, have disrupted traditional customer ordering patterns and may have resulted in certain of our customers’ utilization of competitive products, which has reduced U.S. Glaucoma sales volumes of our iStent family of products used in conjunction with cataract surgery in each of the years ended December 31, 2025, December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Additionally, the royalty income we received pursuant to a settlement agreement entered into during 2021 with Ivantis, Inc. (acquired by Alcon in 2022) relating to sales of the Hydrus® Microstent contractually expired on April 26, 2025. Our corneal health net sales have experienced sporadic headwinds in recent years due to U.S. commercial payer volatility, as well as the impact of revenue adjustments related to the Company’s entry into the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program (MDRP) in the first quarter of 2024. We anticipate some potential disruption within our U.S. Corneal Health franchise as the market transitions from Photrexa to Epioxa following its approval and as we prepare for our planned controlled commercial launch in the first quarter of 2026. Additionally, in January 2026, we received FDA approval of our supplemental new drug application (NDA) for the re-administration of iDose TR to patients who have previously received an iDose TR implant. Components of Results of Operations Net Sales Our net sales are generated primarily from sales of iDose TR , our iStent family of products, Photrexa and other associated drug formulations, and our proprietary bioactivation systems. Customers are primarily comprised of ambulatory surgery centers, hospitals and physician private practices, with independent distributors being used in certain international locations where we currently do not have a direct commercial presence. We currently operate in one operating and reportable segment and our primary business activity is the development and commercialization of therapies across several end markets within ophthalmology. We sell the majority of our products through a direct sales organization in the United States. Internationally, we sell our products primarily through direct sales subsidiaries and through independent distributors in certain countries in which we do not have a direct presence or only maintain a modest commercial presence. The primary end‑user customers for our products are surgery centers, hospitals and physician private practices. Revenue is recognized when control of the promised goods or services is transferred to the customer in an amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for those products or services, which includes estimates of reductions to revenue for commercial and governmental rebates owed, variable consideration for product returns and other discounts and incentives. Cost of Sales Cost of sales reflects the aggregate costs to manufacture our products and includes raw material costs, labor costs,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers for this product, and compliance may prove costly and difficult or may not be achievable at all. The EU has also adopted increasingly stringent data protection and privacy rules that have and will continue to have a substantial impact on the use of patient data across the healthcare industry. The EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) became effective in May 2018 and applies across the EU. The United Kingdom has adopted the UK Data Protection Act 2018, a substantially equivalent version of the GDPR. The GDPR is wide-ranging in scope and imposes numerous requirements on companies that process personal data, including requirements relating to processing health and other sensitive data, obtaining consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, providing information to individuals regarding data processing activities, implementing safeguards to protect the security and confidentiality of personal data, providing notification of data breaches, and taking certain measures when engaging third-party processors. See the section titled Risks Related to Our Business within

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials and product components from countries other than the U.S. Nevertheless, unfavorable government policies on international trade, such as export controls, or tariffs, may increase the cost of manufacturing our commercialized products or developing our pipeline products, affect the demand for our products (if and once approved), or restrict our access to raw materials and components used in the manufacture of our current products and the development of our future products, each of which could negatively impact our financial condition and results of operations. Human Capital Management Glaukos is committed to developing a comprehensive, cohesive and positive employee experience. We consider talent attraction, development, engagement and retention a key driver of our business success. As of December 31, 2025, we had 1,094 full-time employees. Our Board of Directors, through the Compensation, Nominating and Governance Committee, retains direct oversight of our human capital management process, including executive succession planning, talent development, employee retention, material aspects of employee compensation as well as inclusive recruitment, retention and compensation efforts. We report on human capital matters at each regularly scheduled Board of Directors meeting and periodically throughout the year. The most significant human capital measures or objectives that we focus on in managing our business and our related human capital initiatives include the following: • Health, Safety, and Wellness: We are dedicated to the safety and well-being of our employees. We continue to provide our employees with exceptional medical and dental benefits. In the U.S. we provide vision benefits for our employees and their dependents at no cost to them. In 2025 and 2024, we offered a wellness credit to all U.S. employees that provides reimbursement for certain health-related expenses such as gym memberships, to incent a healthy lifestyle, as well as a mental health toolkit that was developed to promote the various resources, programs and tools available to help support our U.S. employees and their families. We provide healthy snacks at all of our headquarters’ locations, and at certain sites we have implemented “Wellness Wednesdays” to provide shoulder massage services to our employees to enhance their well-being. We also established a cross-departmental Safety Committee to communicate safety information to their respective teams, act as their department’s liaison to bring up safety concerns or questions, and work to improve safety within the organization. Glaukos conducts periodic risk assessments and institutes controls intended to eliminate hazards and minimize risks. In 2024, we also implemented a voluntary disability insurance program for our California state employees. • Philanthropy and Volunteerism : We created the Glaukos Charitable Foundation to assist the company in its philanthropic endeavors. In 2025, Glaukos donated approximately $5.3 million worth of its products to assist individuals in need. We regularly hold local volunteer events and fundraising campaigns, including approximately 60 in 2025, to encourage our employees to give back to our communities, a commitment that we further support by offering employees paid time off for charitable volunteering. One of our more impactful volunteer events involved Glaukos employees adopting over 320 disadvantaged families globally to help provide a more special holiday experience. We also have implemented an automated charitable giving platform that allows employees to donate to the Glaukos Charitable Foundation, or any other 501(c)(3) charitable organization, through payroll deductions. • Training and Development: Employees receive regular development feedback through quarterly management check-ins during which they are encouraged to cultivate new skills and opportunities. We coach our leaders to facilitate effective conversations, and we measure the effectiveness of these conversations by surveying our employees. All people leaders are invited to participate in two formal leadership development programs. In addition, Glaukos offers a variety of open enrollment leadership classes. Furthermore, all new employees are required to participate in training seminars to introduce them to Glaukos’ products, pipeline and position within ophthalmology. We value knowledge and 17 Table of Contents continuous improvement and conduct informational and training sessions to further expose our employees to different departments, projects and business priorities. Our company-wide learning management system contains thousands of learning activities and expanded leadership and technical training and is available to employees worldwide. • Compensation and Benefits: To attract, retain and recognize talent, we aim to ensure merit-based, equitable compensation practices and strive to provide competitive compensation and benefit packages to our workforce. Employees at all levels are eligible for discretionary cash bonuses. To align employees with the organization’s performance, all U.S. employees are eligible to receive new hire and annual awards of restricted stock units. In furtherance of our commitment to internal pay equity and pay transparency, Glaukos conducts a global annual pay equity analysis to evaluate compensation distribution, which analysis is also conducted in connection with new hires and promotions. In recent years we expanded our global benefits programs, including broadening our employee assistance program globally. In the U.S., we added elderly and childcare and fertility treatment assistance. In 2024, we also introduced a student loan repayment program available to all full-time U.S. employees, pursuant to which the Company will make a monthly payment directly to an employee’s eligible student loan, up to a lifetime maximum. In the fourth quarter of 2024, we introduced a California Voluntary Disability Insurance (VDI) program for California based employees to provide a tax efficient method of funding approved medical leaves of absence when needed. In 2025, we enhanced our student loan reimbursement program monthly benefit amount and increased our 401(k) match to support employee financial wellness. We also implemented a global rewards and recognition platform with several tiers of recognition to allow employees to recognize each other and to provide managers another mechanism to recognize employee achievements that are above and beyond those planned in their goals. • Employee Retention : Employee retention is crucial for the success of our organization. By retaining our employees, we can experience savings on hiring and training costs, preserve institutional knowledge and strengthen our culture. In order to keep our turnover rates low, we focus on maintaining a positive work environment where employees want to stay, offer competitive compensation and benefits, encourage career development and recognize and reward employees for their achievements and accomplishments. In 2025 and 2024, our overall employee voluntary turnover rate was 7.7% and 6.9%, respectively. • For additional information on human capital matters, please see our most recent Sustainability Report, which is available on our website at www.glaukos.com . The information found on, or otherwise accessible through, our website is not incorporated by reference into, nor does it form a part of, this report or any other document that we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). Available Information Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Exchange Act, are available on our web site at www.glaukos.com, free of charge, as soon as reasonably practicable after the electronic filing of these reports with, or furnishing of these reports to, the SEC. In addition, the SEC maintains a web site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC, including us. 18 Table of Contents It em 1A.

