TICKER: GLAD
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain issues and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns. In addition, our portfolio companies often face intense competition, including competition from companies with greater financial resources, more extensive development, manufacturing, marketing, and other capabilities and a larger number of qualified managerial, or technical personnel. • There is generally little or no publicly available information about these businesses. Because we seek to invest in privately owned businesses, there is generally little or no publicly available operating and financial information about our potential portfolio companies. As a result, we rely on our officers, the Adviser and its employees, Gladstone Securities and certain consultants to perform due diligence investigations of these portfolio companies, their operations, and their prospects. We may not learn all of the material information we need to know regarding these businesses through our investigations to make a well-informed investment decision. • Lower middle market companies generally have less predictable operating results. We expect that our portfolio companies may have significant variations in their operating results, may from time to time be exposed to litigation, may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence, may require substantial additional capital to support their operations, to finance expansion or to maintain their competitive position, may otherwise have a weak financial position, or may be adversely affected by changes in the business cycle. Our portfolio companies may not meet net income, cash flow, and other coverage tests typically imposed by their senior lenders. A borrower’s failure to satisfy financial or operating covenants imposed by senior lenders could lead to defaults and, potentially, foreclosure on its senior credit facility, which could additionally trigger cross-defaults in other agreements. If this were to occur, it is possible that the borrower’s ability to repay any of our loans would be jeopardized. • Lower middle market companies are more likely to be dependent on one or two persons. Typically, the success of a lower middle market business also depends on the management talents and efforts of one or two persons or a small group of persons. The death, disability, or resignation of one or more of these persons could have a material adverse impact on our certain of our portfolio companies and, in turn, on us. • Lower middle market companies may have limited operating histories. While we focus on stable companies with proven track records, we may make loans to new companies that meet our other investment criteria. Portfolio companies with limited operating histories will be exposed to all of the operating risks that new businesses face and may be particularly susceptible to, among other risks, market downturns, competitive pressures and the departure of key executive officers. • Debt securities of lower middle market companies typically are not rated by a credit rating agency. Typically, a lower middle market private business cannot or will not expend the resources to have its debt securities rated by a credit rating agency. We expect that most, if not all, of the debt securities we acquire will be unrated. Investors 24 Table of Contents should assume that these loans would be at rates below “investment grade” quality. Investments rated below investment grade are often referred to as high yield securities or junk bonds and may be considered high risk as compared to investment-grade debt instruments. • Lower middle market companies may be highly leveraged. Some of our portfolio companies are highly leveraged, which could have adverse consequences to these companies and to us as an investor. These companies m ay be subject to restrictive financial and operating covenants and the leverage could impair these companies’ ability to finance their future operations and capital needs. As a result, these companies’ flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and to take advantage of business opportunities may be limited. Further, a leveraged company’s income and net assets will tend to increase or decrease at a greater rate than if borrowed money were not used. • Lower middle market companies may operate in regulated industries or provide services to governments. Some of our portfolio companies may operate in regulated industries and/or provide services to federal, state or local governments, or operate in industries that provide services to regulated industries or federal, state or local governments, any of which could lead to delayed payments for services or subject the company to changing payment and reimbursement rates or other terms. Because the majority of the loans we make and equity securities we receive when we make loans are not publicly traded, there is uncertainty regarding the value of our privately held securities. The majority of our portfolio investments are, and we expect will continue to be, in the form of securities that are not publicly traded. The fair value of securities and other investments that are not publicly traded may not be readily determinable.  In valuing our investment portfolio, several techniques are used, including, a total enterprise value approach, a yield analysis, market quotes, and independent third party assessments.  A third party valuation firm provides estimates of fair value on our proprietary debt investments. Another third party valuation firm is used to provide valuation inputs for our significant equity investments, including earnings multiple ranges, as well as other information. In addition to these techniques, other factors are considered when determining fair value of our investments, including: the nature and realizable value of the collateral, including external parties’ guaranties; any relevant offers or letters of intent to acquire the portfolio company; and the markets in which the portfolio company operates. Fair value measurements of our investments may involve subjective judgments and estimates and due to the inherent uncertainty of determining these fair values, the determination of fair value may fluctuate from period to period. Additionally, changes in the market environment and other events that may occur over the life of the investment may cause the gains or losses ultimately realized on these investments to be different than the valuations currently assigned. Further, such investments are generally subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or otherwise are less liquid than publicly traded securities, and any investments that include OID or PIK interest may have unreliable valuations because their continuing accruals require ongoing judgments about the collectability of their deferred payments and the value of their underlying collateral. If we were required to liquidate a portfolio investment in a forced or liquidation sale, we could realize significantly less than the value at which it is recorded. Our NAV would be adversely affected if fair values at which we record of our investments are higher than the values that we ultimately realize upon the disposal of such securities. The valuation process for certain of our portfolio holdings creates a conflict of interest. A substantial portion of our portfolio investments are securities for which market quotations are not readily available.  In connection with the determination of the fair value of these securities, our Valuation Team prepares portfolio company valuations based upon the most recent portfolio company financial statements available and projected financial results of each portfolio company. The participation of the Adviser’s investment professionals in our valuation process, and Mr. Gladstone’s pecuniary interest in the Adviser may result in a conflict of interest, as the management fees that we pay our Adviser are based on average gross assets, less uninvested cash or cash equivalents from borrowings, and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period. The lack of liquidity of our privately held investments may adversely affect our business. We generally make investments in private companies whose securities are not traded in any public market. Substantially all of the investments we presently hold are, and the investments we expect to acquire in the future will be, subject to legal and other restrictions on resale and will otherwise be less liquid than publicly traded securities. The illiquidity of our investments may make it difficult for us to quickly obtain cash equal to the value at which we record our investments if the 25 Table of Contents need arises. This could cause us to miss important investment opportunities to the extent we do not have other sources of capital available. In addition, if we are required to liquidate all or a portion of our portfolio quickly, we may record substantial realized losses upon liquidation. We may also face other restrictions on our ability to liquidate an investment in a portfolio company to the extent that we, the Adviser, the Administrator, or our respective officers, employees or affiliates have material non-public information regarding such portfolio company. Due to the uncertainty inherent in valuing these securities, the Adviser’s determinations of fair value may differ materially from the values that could be obtained if a ready market for these securities existed. Our NAV could be materially affected if the Adviser’s determinations regarding the fair value of our investments are materially different from the values that we ultimately realize upon our disposal of such securities. When we are a debt or minority equity investor in a portfolio company, which we expect will generally be the case, we may not be in a position to control the entity, and its management may make decisions that could decrease the value of our investment. Most of our investments are, and we anticipate that most of our investments will continue to be, either debt or minority equity investments in our portfolio companies. Therefore, we generally will not be involved in the day-to-day operations and decision making of our portfolio companies, even though we may have board observation rights and our debt agreement may contain certain restrictive covenants. As a result, we are and will remain subject to the risk that a portfolio company may make business decisions with which we disagree, and the shareholders and management of such company may take risks or otherwise act in ways that do not serve our best interests. As a result, a portfolio company may make decisions that could decrease the value of our debt investments. We often invest in transactions involving acquisitions, buyouts and recapitalizations of companies, which will subject us to the risks associated with change in control transactions. Our strategy, in part, includes making debt and minority equity investments in companies in connection with acquisitions, buyouts, and recapitalizations, which subjects us to the risks associated with change in control transactions. Change in control transactions often present a number of uncertainties. Companies undergoing change in control transactions often face challenges retaining key employees and maintaining relationships with customers and suppliers. While we hope to avoid many of these difficulties by participating in transactions where the management team is retained and by conducting thorough due diligence in advance of our decision to invest, if our portfolio companies experience one or more of these problems, we may not realize the value that we expect in connection with our investments, which would likely harm our operating results, financial condition, and cash flows. Our portfolio companies may incur debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, our investments in such companies and/or we could be subject to lender liability claims. We invest primarily in debt securities issued by our portfolio companies. In some cases portfolio companies will be permitted to have other debt that ranks equally with, or senior to, the debt securities in which we invest. By their terms, such debt instruments may provide that the holders thereof are entitled to receive payment of interest and principal on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments in respect of the debt securities in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, or bankruptcy of a portfolio company, holders of debt instruments ranking senior to our investment in that portfolio company would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution in respect of our investment. Furthermore, in the case of debt ranking equally with debt securities in which we invest, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other creditors holding such debt in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization, or bankruptcy of a portfolio company. In addition, even though we have structured some of our investments as senior loans, if one of our portfolio companies were to go bankrupt, depending on the facts and circumstances, including the extent to which we actually provided managerial assistance to that portfolio company, a bankruptcy court might re-characterize our debt investments and subordinate all, or a portion, of our claims to that of other creditors. After repaying such senior creditors, such portfolio company may not have any remaining assets to use to repay its obligation to us. We may also be subject to lender liability claims for actions taken by us with respect to a borrower’s business, in instances in which we exercised control over the borrower or as a result of actions taken in rendering significant managerial assistance. 26 Table of Contents Prepayments of our investments by our portfolio companies could adversely impact our results of operations and reduce our return on equity. In addition to risks associated with delays in investing our capital, we are also subject to the risk that investments we make in our portfolio companies may be repaid prior to maturity. For the year ended September 30, 2025, we received unscheduled repayments of investments totaling $252.7 million. We will generally first use any proceeds from prepayments to repay any borrowings outstanding on our Credit Facility. In the event that funds remain after repayment of our outstanding borrowings, then we will generally reinvest these proceeds in government securities, pending their future investment in new debt and/or equity securities. These government securities will typically have substantially lower yields than the debt securities being prepaid and we could experience significant delays in reinvesting these amounts. In addition, once the proceeds have been reinvested in new portfolio companies, the yields on such new investments may also be lower than the yields on the debt securities being repaid. As a result, our results of operations could be materially adversely affected if one or more of our portfolio companies elect to prepay amounts owed to us. Additionally, prepayments could negatively impact our return on equity, which could result in a decline in the market price of our common stock. Our portfolio is concentrated in a limited number of companies and industries, which subjects us to an increased risk of significant loss if any one of these companies does not repay us or if the industries experience downturns. As of September 30, 2025, we had investments in 55 portfolio companies, of which our five largest investments comprised approximately $ 196.5 million, or 22.9 % of our total investment portfolio, at fair value. A consequence of a concentration in a limited number of investments is that the aggregate returns we realize may be substantially adversely affected by the unfavorable performance of a small number of such investments or a substantial write-down of any one investment. Beyond our regulatory and income tax diversification requirements as well as Credit Facility requirements, we do not have fixed guidelines for industry concentration and our investments could potentially be concentrated in relatively few industries. In addition, while we do not intend to invest 25.0% or more of our total assets in a particular industry or group of industries at the time of investment, it is possible that as the values of our portfolio companies change, one industry or a group of industries may comprise in excess of 25.0% of the value of our total assets. As of September 30, 2025, our largest industry concentrations of our total investments at fair value were in healthcare, education, and childcare companies, representing 31.8%; diversified/conglomerate manufacturing companies, representing 23.6%; and diversified/conglomerate service companies, representing 17.7%. Therefore, we are susceptible to the economic circumstances in these industries, and a downturn in one or more of these industries could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Investments in securities of foreign portfolio companies, if any, may involve significant risks in addition to the risks inherent in U.S. investments. We may make investments in securities of foreign companies. Investing in foreign companies may expose us to additional risks not typically associated with investing in U.S. companies. These risks include changes in exchange control regulations, political and social instability, expropriation, imposition of foreign taxes, less liquid markets and less available information than is generally the case in the United States, higher transaction costs, less government supervision of exchanges, brokers and issuers, less developed bankruptcy laws, difficulty in enforcing contractual obligations, lack of uniform accounting and auditing standards and greater price volatility. In addition, any investments that we make that are denominated in a foreign currency will be subject to the risk that the value of a particular currency will change in relation to one or more other currencies. Among the factors that may affect currency values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital gains, and political developments. We may employ hedging techniques to minimize these risks, but we cannot assure you that we will, in fact, hedge currency risk, or, that if we do, such strategies will be effective. We invest in equity securities, which involves a substantial degree of risk. We invest in common and other equity securities of portfolio companies. The returns on common stock have historically been significantly more volatile than fixed income securities. The value of such equity securities, which oftentimes are not publicly traded or liquid, will rise and fall in response to the activities of the company that issued the securities, general market conditions, and/or specific economic or political conditions. The equity securities that we acquire may fail to appreciate or may decline in value. Because preferred stock represents an equity ownership interest in a company and is typically subordinated to bonds and other debt instruments in a company’s capital structure, in terms of priority to corporate income, they are generally subject 27 Table of Contents to greater credit risk than those debt instruments. Accordingly, their value usually will react more strongly than bonds and other debt instruments to actual or perceived changes in a company’s financial condition or prospects or to fluctuations in the equity markets. Preferred stockholders generally have no voting rights or their voting rights are limited to certain extraordinary transactions or events. Unlike interest payments on debt securities, preferred stock dividends are payable only if declared by the issuer’s board of directors. Preferred stock also may be subject to optional or mandatory redemption provisions. The disposition of our investments may result in contingent liabilities. Currently, all of our investments involve private securities. In connection with the disposition of an investment in private securities, we may be required to make representations about the business and financial affairs of the underlying portfolio company typical of those made in connection with the sale of a business. We may also be required to indemnify the purchasers of such investment to the extent that any such representations turn out to be inaccurate or with respect to certain potential liabilities. These arrangements may result in contingent liabilities that ultimately yield funding obligations that must be satisfied through our return of certain distributions previously made to us. Portfolio company litigation or other litigation or claims against us or our personnel could result in additional costs and the diversion of management time and resources. In the course of investing in and providing significant managerial assistance to certain of our portfolio companies, certain persons employed by the Adviser may serve as directors on the boards of such companies. To the extent that litigation arises out of our investments in these companies or otherwise, even if without merit, we or such employees may be named as defendants in such litigation, which could result in additional costs, including defense costs, and the diversion of management time and resources. We may be unable to accurately estimate our exposure to litigation risk if we record balance sheet reserves for probable loss contingencies. As a result, any reserves we establish to cover any settlements or judgments may not be sufficient to cover our actual financial exposure, which may have a material impact on our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows. While we believe we would have valid defenses to potential claims brought due to our investment in any portfolio company, and will defend any such claims vigorously, we may nevertheless expend significant amounts of money in defense costs and expenses. Further, if we enter into settlements or suffer an adverse outcome in any litigation, we could be required to pay significant amounts. In addition, if any of our portfolio companies become subject to direct or indirect claims or other obligations, such as defense costs or damages in litigation or settlement, our investment in such companies could diminish in value and we could suffer indirect losses. Further, these matters could cause us to expend significant management time and effort in connection with assessment and defense of any claims. Any unrealized depreciation we experience on our investment portfolio may be an indication of future realized losses, which could reduce our income available for distribution. As a BDC we are required to carry our investments at market value or, if no market value is ascertainable, at fair value. We will record decreases in the market values or fair values of our investments as unrealized depreciation. Since our inception, we have, at times, incurred a cumulative net unrealized depreciation of our portfolio. Any unrealized depreciation in our investment portfolio could result in realized losses in the future and ultimately in reductions of our income available for distribution to stockholders in future periods. Risks Related to Our External Financing In addition to regulatory limitations on our ability to raise capital, our Credit Facility contains various covenants which, if not complied with, could accelerate our repayment obligations under the facility, thereby materially and adversely affecting our liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions. We will have a continuing need for capital to finance our investments. As of September 30, 2025, we had $0 in borrowings, at cost, outstanding under our Credit Facility, which provides for maximum borrowings of $ 320.0 million, with a revolving period end date of October 31, 2027 (the “Revolving Period End Date”). Our Credit Facility permits us to fund additional loans and investments as long as we are within the conditions set forth in the credit agreement. Our Credit Facility contains covenants that require our wholly-owned subsidiary, Business Loan, to maintain its status as a separate legal entity, prohibit certain significant corporate transactions (such as mergers, consolidations, liquidations or dissolutions) and restrict material changes to our credit and collection policies without lenders’ consent. The Credit Facility also limits distributions to our stockholders on a fiscal year basis to the sum of our net investment income, net capital gains and amounts deemed to 28 Table of Contents have been paid during the prior year in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code. We are also subject to certain limitations on the type of loan investments we can make, including restrictions on geographic concentrations, sector concentrations, loan size, interest rate type, payment frequency and status, average life and lien property. Our Credit Facility further requires us to comply with other financial and operational covenants, which obligate us to, among other things, maintain certain financial ratios, including asset and interest coverage, and a minimum number of 25 obligors in the borrowing base. Additionally, we are required to maintain (i) a minimum net worth (defined in our Credit Facility to include any outstanding mandatorily redeemable preferred stock) of $500.0 million plus 50.0% of all equity and subordinated debt raised after June 23, 2025 less 50% of any equity and subordinated debt retired or redeemed after June 23, 2025, which equates to $ 581.0 million as of September 30, 2025, (ii) asset coverage with respect to “senior securities representing indebtedness” of at least 150% (or such percentage as may be set forth in Section 18 of the 1940 Act, as modified by Section 61 of the 1940 Act), and (iii) our status as a BDC under the 1940 Act and as a RIC under the Code. Continued compliance with the covenants in our Credit Facility depends on many factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any unrealized depreciation in our portfolio may increase in future periods and threaten our ability to comply with the minimum net worth covenant and other covenants under our Credit Facility. Our failure to satisfy these covenants could result in foreclosure by our lenders, which would accelerate our repayment obligations under the facility and thereby have a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and ability to pay distributions to our stockholders. Any inability to renew, extend or replace our Credit Facility on terms favorable to us, or at all, could adversely impact our liquidity and ability to fund new investments or maintain distributions to our stockholders. If our Credit Facility is not renewed or extended by the Revolving Period End Date, all principal and interest will be due and payable on or before October 31, 2029. Subject to certain terms and conditions, our Credit Facility may be expanded to a total of $ 400.0 million pursuant to an accordion feature. However, if additional lenders are unwilling to join the facility on its terms, we will be unable to expand the facility and thus will continue to have limited availability to finance new investments under our Credit Facility. There can be no guarantee that we will be able to renew, extend or replace our Credit Facility by the Revolving Period End Date on terms that are favorable to us, if at all. Our ability to expand our Credit Facility, and to obtain replacement financing at or before the Revolving Period End Date, will be constrained by then-current economic conditions affecting the credit markets. In the event that we are not able to expand our Credit Facility, or to renew, extend or refinance our Credit Facility by the Revolving Period End Date, this could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and ability to fund new investments, our ability to make distributions to our stockholders and our ability to qualify as a RIC under the Code. If we are unable to secure replacement financing, we may be forced to sell certain assets on disadvantageous terms, which may result in realized losses, and such realized losses could materially exceed the amount of any unrealized depreciation on these assets as of our most recent balance sheet date, which would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition to selling assets, or as an alternative, we may issue equity in order to repay amounts outstanding under our Credit Facility. Depending on the trading prices of our common stock, such an equity offering could have a substantial dilutive impact on our existing stockholders’ interest in our earnings, assets and voting interest in us. If we are not able to renew, extend or refinance our Credit Facility prior to its maturity, it could result in significantly higher interest rates and related charges and may impose significant restrictions on the use of borrowed funds to fund investments or maintain distributions to stockholders. Our business plan is dependent upon external financing, which is constrained by the limitations of the 1940 Act. There can be no assurance that we will be able to raise additional capital through issuing equity or debt in the near future. However, our business requires a substantial amount of cash to operate and grow. We may acquire such additional capital from the following sources: • Senior Securities. We may issue “senior securities representing indebtedness” (such as borrowings under our Credit Facility and our notes payable) and “senior securities that are stock” (such as preferred stock) up to the maximum amount permitted by the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act currently permits us, as a BDC, to issue such senior securities in amounts such that our asset coverage, as defined in Section 18(h) of the 1940 Act, is at least 150% on such senior security immediately after each issuance of such senior security. As a result of issuing senior securities (in whatever form), we will be exposed to the risks associated with leverage. Although borrowing money for investments increases the potential for gain, it also increases the risk of a loss. A decrease in the value of our investments will have a greater impact on the value of our common stock to the extent that we have borrowed 29 Table of Contents money to make investments. There is a possibility that the costs of borrowing could exceed the income we receive on the investments we make with such borrowed funds. In addition, our ability to pay distributions, issue senior securities or repurchase shares of our common stock would be restricted if the asset coverage on each of our senior securities is not at least 150%. If the aggregate value of our assets declines, we might be unable to satisfy that 150% requirement. To satisfy the 150% asset coverage requirement in the event that we are seeking to pay a distribution, we might either have to (i) liquidate a portion of our loan portfolio to repay a portion of our indebtedness or (ii) issue common stock. This may occur at a time when a sale of a portfolio asset may be disadvantageous, or when we have limited access to capital markets on agreeable terms. In addition, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness, pay dividends on our preferred stock, or for offering expenses will not be available for distributions to common stockholders. Furthermore, if we issue common stock at below NAV per common share, any non-participating stockholders will be subject to dilution, as described below. Pursuant to Section 61(a)(3) of the 1940 Act, we are permitted to issue multiple classes of “senior securities representing indebtedness.” However, pursuant to Section 18(c) of the 1940 Act, we are permitted to issue only one class of “senior securities that are stock.” • Common and Convertible Preferred Stock. Because we are constrained in our ability to issue debt or senior securities for the reasons given above, we may at times be dependent on the issuance of equity as a financing source. If we raise additional funds by issuing more common stock, the percentage ownership of our common stockholders at the time of the issuance would decrease and our existing common stockholders may experience dilution. In addition, under the 1940 Act, we will generally not be able to issue additional shares of our common stock at a price below NAV per common share to purchasers, other than to our existing common stockholders through a rights offering, without first obtaining the approval of our stockholders and our independent directors. If we were to sell shares of our common stock below our then-current NAV per common share, such sales would result in an immediate dilution to the NAV per common share. This dilution would occur as a result of the sale of common shares at a price below the then-current NAV per share of our common stock and a proportionately greater decrease in a common stockholder’s interest in our earnings and assets and voting percentage than the increase in our assets resulting from such issuance. For example, if we issue and sell an additional 10.0% of our common stock at a 5.0% discount to NAV, a common stockholder who does not participate in that offering for its proportionate interest will suffer NAV dilution of up to 0.5% or $5 per $1,000 of NAV. This imposes constraints on our ability to raise capital when our common stock is trading below NAV per common share. As noted above, the 1940 Act prohibits the issuance of multiple classes of “senior securities that are stock.” We financed certain of our investments with borrowed money and capital from the issuance of senior securities, which will magnify the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested and may increase the risk of investing in us. The use of leverage, including through the issuance of senior securities that are debt or stock, magnifies the potential for gain or loss on amounts invested, and, if we incur additional leverage, this potential will be further magnified. As of September 30, 2025, we incurred leverage through the Credit Facility, the Series A Preferred Stock, the 5.125% Notes due 2026 (the “2026 Notes”), the 2027 Notes, the 7.75% Notes due 2028 (the “2028 Notes”), and the 2030 Convertible Notes. From time to time, we intend to incur additional leverage to the extent permitted under the 1940 Act. The use of leverage is generally considered a speculative investment technique and increases the risks associated with investing in our securities. In the future, we may borrow from, and issue senior securities, to banks and other lenders. Holders of these senior securities will have fixed dollar claims on our assets that are superior to the claims of our common stockholders, and we would expect such holders to seek recovery against our assets in the event of a default. The following table illustrates the effect of leverage on returns from an investment in our common stock assuming various annual returns on our portfolio, net of expenses. The calculations in the table below are hypothetical and actual returns may be higher or lower than those appearing in the table below. Assumed Return on Our Portfolio (Net of Expenses) (10.0) % (5.0) % 0.0 % 5.0 % 10.0 % Corresponding return to common stockholder (A) ( 23.83 ) % ( 14.42 ) % ( 5.00 ) % 4.41 % 13.83 % _____________ (A) The hypothetical return to common stockholders is calculated by multiplying our total assets as of September 30, 2025 by the assumed rates of return and subtracting all interest on our debt to be paid during the 12 months following September 30, 2025, and then dividing the resulting difference by our total net assets attributable to common stock as of September 30, 2025. Based on $907.6 million in total assets, $0 drawn on our Credit Facility (at cost), $150.0 30 Table of Contents million in our 2026 Notes payable (at cost), $50.0 million in our 2027 Notes payable (at cost), $57.0 million in our 2028 Notes payable (at cost), $149.5 million in our 2030 Convertible Notes payable (at cost), $21.6 million in our Series A Preferred Stock (at cost), and $482.0 million in net assets, each as of September 30, 2025. Based on an aggregate outstanding indebtedness of $428.1 million at cost as of September 30, 2025 and the effective annual cash interest rate of 5.6 % as of that date, our investment portfolio at fair value would have had to produce an annual return of at least 2.8 % to cover annual interest payments on the outstanding debt. Risks Related to Our Regulation and Structure We will be subject to corporate-level tax if we are unable to satisfy Code requirements for RIC qualification. To maintain our qualification as a RIC, we must meet income source, asset diversification, and annual distribution requirements. The annual distribution requirement is satisfied if we distribute at least 90.0% of our Investment Company Taxable Income to our stockholders on an annual basis. Because we use leverage, we are subject to certain asset coverage ratio requirements under the 1940 Act and could, under certain circumstances, be restricted from making distributions necessary to qualify as a RIC. Warrants we receive with respect to debt investments generally create OID, which we must recognize as ordinary income over the term of the debt investment. Similarly, PIK interest which is accrued generally over the term of the debt investment but not paid in cash, is recognized as ordinary income. Both OID and PIK interest will increase the amounts we are required to distribute to maintain our RIC status. Because such OIDs and PIK interest will not produce distributable cash for us at the same time as we are required to make distributions, we will need to use cash from other sources to satisfy such distribution requirements. For the year ended September 30, 2025, we recognized $ 0.4 million of OID income and the unamortized balance of OID investments as of September 30, 2025 totaled $ 0.2 million. As of September 30, 2025, we had nine investments which had a PIK interest component and we recorded PIK interest income of $ 5.0 million during the year ended September 30, 2025. We collected $ 7.2 million in PIK interest in cash for the year ended September 30, 2025. Additionally, we must meet asset diversification and income source requirements at the end of each calendar quarter. If we fail to meet these tests, we may need to quickly dispose of certain investments to prevent the loss of RIC status. Since most of our investments will be illiquid, such dispositions, if even possible, may not be made at prices advantageous to us and may result in substantial losses. If we fail to qualify as a RIC as of a calendar quarter or annually for any reason and become fully subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax, the resulting corporate taxes could substantially reduce our net assets, the amount of income available for distribution, and the actual amount distributed. Such a failure would have a material adverse effect on us and our common stock. Some of our debt investments may include success fees that would generate payments to us if the business is ultimately sold. Because the satisfaction of these success fees, and the ultimate payment of these fees, is uncertain, we generally only recognize them as income when the payment is received. Success fee amounts are characterized as ordinary income for tax purposes and, as a result, we are required to distribute such amounts to our stockholders in order to maintain RIC status. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could fail to qualify as a BDC or be precluded from investing according to our current business strategy. As a BDC, we may not acquire any assets other than qualifying assets unless, at the time of and after giving effect to such acquisition, at least 70% of our total assets, exclusive of Operating Assets, are qualifying assets, as defined in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act. We believe that most of the investments that we may acquire in the future will constitute qualifying assets. However, we may be precluded from investing in what we believe to be attractive investments if such investments are not qualifying assets for purposes of the 1940 Act. If we do not invest a sufficient portion of our assets in qualifying assets, we could violate the 1940 Act provisions applicable to BDCs. As a result of such violation, specific rules under the 1940 Act could prevent us, for example, from making follow-on investments in existing portfolio companies (which could result in the dilution of our position) or could require us to dispose of investments at disadvantageous times in order to come into compliance with the 1940 Act. If we need to dispose of such investments quickly, it could be difficult to dispose of such investments on favorable terms. We may not be able to find a buyer for such investments and, even if we do find a buyer, we may have to sell the investments at a substantial loss. Any such outcomes would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. If we do not maintain our status as a BDC, we would be subject to regulation as a registered closed-end investment company under the 1940 Act. As a registered closed-end investment company, we would be subject to substantially more regulatory restrictions under the 1940 Act, which would significantly decrease our operating flexibility.  In addition, any 31 Table of Contents such failure to maintain our status as a BDC could cause an event of default under out outstanding indebtedness, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We are subject to restrictions that may discourage a change of control. Certain provisions contained in our articles of incorporation and Maryland law may prohibit or restrict a change of control and adversely impact the price of our common stock. Our Board of Directors is divided into three classes, with the term of the directors in each class expiring every third year. At each annual meeting of stockholders, the successors to the class of directors whose term expires at such meeting will be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the annual meeting of stockholders held in the third year following the year of their election. After election, a director may only be removed by our stockholders for cause. Election of directors for staggered terms with limited rights to remove directors makes it more difficult for a hostile bidder to acquire control of us. The existence of this provision may negatively impact the price of our securities and may discourage third-party bids to acquire our securities. This provision may reduce any premiums paid to stockholders in a change in control transaction. Certain provisions of Maryland law applicable to us prohibit business combinations with: • any person who beneficially owns 10.0% or more of the voting power of our stock (an “interested stockholder”); • an affiliate of ours who at any time within the two-year period prior to the date in question was an interested stockholder; or • an affiliate of an interested stockholder. These prohibitions last for five years after the most recent date on which the interested stockholder became an interested stockholder. Thereafter, any business combination with the interested stockholder must be recommended by our Board of Directors and approved by the affirmative vote of at least 80.0% of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of our outstanding shares of common stock and preferred stock, voting together as a single class, and two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of our common stock other than shares held by the interested stockholder. These requirements could have the effect of inhibiting a change in control even if a change in control were in our stockholders’ interest. These provisions of Maryland law do not apply, however, to business combinations that are approved or exempted by our Board of Directors prior to the time that someone becomes an interested stockholder. Our articles of incorporation permit our Board of Directors to issue up to 50.0 million shares of capital stock. In addition, our Board of Directors, without any action by our stockholders, may amend our articles of incorporation from time to time to increase or decrease the aggregate number of shares or the number of shares of any class or series of stock that we have authority to issue. Our Board of Directors may classify or reclassify any unissued common stock or preferred stock and establish the preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to distributions, qualifications and terms or conditions of redemption of any such stock. Thus, our Board of Directors could authorize the issuance of preferred stock with terms and conditions that could have a priority as to distributions and amounts payable upon liquidation over the rights of the holders of our common stock. Preferred stock could also have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change in control of us, including an extraordinary transaction (such as a merger, tender offer or sale of all or substantially all of our assets) that might provide a premium price for holders of our common stock. We may not be permitted to declare a dividend or make any distribution to stockholders or repurchase shares until such time as we satisfy the asset coverage tests under the provisions of the 1940 Act that apply to BDCs. Regulations governing our operation as a BDC and RIC will affect our ability to raise, and the way in which we raise, additional capital or borrow for investment purposes, which may have a negative effect on our growth. As a result of the annual distribution requirement to qualify as a RIC, we may need to periodically access the capital markets to raise cash to fund new investments. We may issue “senior securities representing indebtedness,” including borrowing money from banks or other financial institutions or “senior securities that are stock,” such as preferred stock, only in amounts such that our asset coverage on each senior security, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150% after each such incurrence or issuance. Further, we may not be permitted to declare a dividend or make any distribution to our outstanding stockholders or repurchase shares until such time as we satisfy these tests. Our ability to issue different types of securities is also limited. Compliance with these requirements may unfavorably limit our investment opportunities and reduce our ability in comparison to other companies to profit from favorable spreads between the rates at which we can borrow and the rates at which we can lend. As a BDC, therefore, we may issue equity at a rate more frequent than our privately owned competitors, which may lead to greater stockholder dilution. We have incurred leverage to generate capital to make additional investments. If the value of our assets declines, we may be unable to satisfy the asset coverage test under the 32 Table of Contents 1940 Act, which could prohibit us from paying distributions and could prevent us from qualifying as a RIC. If we cannot satisfy the asset coverage test, we may be required to sell a portion of our investments and, depending on the nature of our debt financing, repay a portion of our indebtedness at a time when such sales and repayments may be disadvantageous.  Such events, if they were to occur, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Our External Management We are dependent upon our key management personnel and the key management personnel of the Adviser, particularly David Gladstone and Robert L. Marcotte, and on the continued operations of the Adviser, for our future success. We have no employees. Our chief executive officer, chief financial officer and treasurer, and the employees of the Adviser do not spend all of their time managing our activities and our investment portfolio. We are particularly dependent upon David Gladstone and Robert L. Marcotte for their experience, skills and networks. Our executive officers and the employees of the Adviser allocate some, and in some cases a material portion, of their time to businesses and activities that are not related to our business. We have no separate facilities and are completely reliant on the Adviser, which has significant discretion as to the implementation and execution of our business strategies and risk management practices. We are subject to the risk of discontinuation of the Adviser’s operations or termination of the Advisory Agreement and the risk that, upon such event, no suitable replacement will be found. We believe that our success depends to a significant extent upon the Adviser and that discontinuation of its operations or the loss of its key management personnel could have a material adverse effect on our ability to achieve our investment objectives. Our success depends on the Adviser’s ability to attract and retain qualified personnel in a competitive environment. The Adviser experiences competition in attracting and retaining qualified personnel, particularly investment professionals and senior executives, and we may be unable to maintain or grow our business if we cannot attract and retain such personnel. The Adviser’s ability to attract and retain personnel with the requisite credentials, experience and skills depends on several factors including its ability to offer competitive wages, benefits and professional growth opportunities. The Adviser competes with investment funds (such as private equity funds and mezzanine funds) and traditional financial services companies for qualified personnel, many of which have greater resources than us. Searches for qualified personnel may divert management’s time from the operation of our business. Strain on the existing personnel resources of the Adviser, in the event that it is unable to attract experienced investment professionals and senior executives, could have a material adverse effect on our business. The Adviser can resign on 60 days’ notice, and we may not be able to find a suitable replacement within that time, resulting in a disruption in our operations that could adversely affect our financial condition, business and results of operations. The Adviser has the right to resign under the Advisory Agreement at any time upon not less than 60 days’ written notice, whether we have found a replacement or not. If the Adviser resigns, we may not be able to find a new investment adviser or hire internal management with similar expertise and ability to provide the same or equivalent services on acceptable terms within 60 days, or at all. If we are unable to do so quickly, our operations are likely to experience a disruption, our financial condition, business and results of operations as well as our ability to pay distributions are likely to be adversely affected and the market price of our common stock may decline. In addition, the coordination of our internal management and investment activities is likely to suffer if we are unable to identify and reach an agreement with a single institution or group of executives having the expertise possessed by the Adviser and its affiliates. Even if we are able to retain comparable management, whether internal or external, the integration of such management and their lack of familiarity with our investment objective may result in additional costs and time delays that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. The Adviser's liability is limited under the Advisory Agreement, and we are required to indemnify our investment adviser against certain liabilities, which may lead the Adviser to act in a riskier manner on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. The Adviser has not assumed any responsibility to us other than to render the services described in the Advisory Agreement, and it will not be responsible for any action of our Board of Directors in declining to follow the Adviser’s advice or recommendations. Pursuant to the Advisory Agreement, the Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser will not be liable to us for their acts under the Advisory Agreement, absent willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance 33 Table of Contents of their duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of their duties and obligations under the Advisory Agreement. We have agreed to indemnify, defend and protect the Adviser and its officers, managers, partners, agents, employees, controlling persons, members and any other person or entity affiliated with the Adviser with respect to all damages, liabilities, costs and expenses arising out of or otherwise based upon the performance of any of the Adviser’s duties or obligations under the Advisory Agreement or otherwise as an investment adviser for us, and not arising out of willful misfeasance, bad faith or gross negligence in the performance of their duties or by reason of the reckless disregard of their duties and obligations under the Advisory Agreement. These protections may lead the Adviser to act in a riskier manner when acting on our behalf than it would when acting for its own account. Our incentive fee may induce the Adviser to make certain investments, including speculative investments. The incentive fee structure that has been implemented under the Advisory Agreement may cause the Adviser to invest in high-risk investments or take other risks. In addition to its management fee, the Adviser is entitled under the Advisory Agreement to receive incentive compensation based in part upon our achievement of specified levels of income. In evaluating investments and other management strategies, the opportunity to earn incentive compensation based on net investment income may lead the Adviser to place undue emphasis on the maximization of net investment income at the expense of other criteria, such as preservation of capital, maintaining sufficient liquidity, or management of credit risk or market risk, in order to achieve higher incentive compensation. Investments with higher yield potential are generally riskier or more speculative. This could result in increased risk to the value of our investment portfolio. In addition, the Adviser will receive a capital gains incentive fee based, in part, upon net capital gains realized on our investments.  Unlike the portion of the incentive fee based on income, there is no hurdle rate applicable to the incentive fee based on capital gains. As a result, the Adviser may seek to invest more capital in investments that are likely to result in capital gains as compared to income producing securities. This practice could result in us investing in more speculative securities than would otherwise be the case, which could result in higher investment losses, particularly during economic downturns. We may be obligated to pay the Adviser incentive compensation even if we incur a loss. The Advisory Agreement entitles the Adviser to incentive compensation for each fiscal quarter in an amount equal to a percentage of the excess of our investment income for that quarter (before deducting incentive compensation, net operating losses and certain other items) above a threshold return for that quarter. When calculating our incentive compensation, our pre-incentive fee net investment income excludes realized and unrealized capital losses that we may incur in the fiscal quarter, even if such capital losses result in a net loss on our statement of operations for that quarter. Thus, we may be required to pay the Adviser incentive compensation for a fiscal quarter even if there is a decline in the value of our portfolio or we incur a net loss for that quarter. We may be required to pay the Adviser incentive compensation on income accrued, but not yet received in cash. That part of the incentive fee payable by us that relates to our net investment income is computed and paid on income that may include interest that has been accrued but not yet received in cash, such as debt instruments with PIK interest or OID. If a portfolio company defaults on a loan, it is possible that such accrued interest previously used in the calculation of the incentive fee will become uncollectible. Consequently, we may make incentive fee payments on income accruals that we may not collect in the future and with respect to which we do not have a clawback right against the Adviser. Our OID investments totaled $49.0 million as of September 30, 2025, at cost. For the year ended September 30, 2025, we recognized $ 0.4 million of OID income and the unamortized balance of OID investments as of September 30, 2025 totaled $ 0.2 million. As of September 30, 2025, we had nine investments which had a PIK interest component and we recorded PIK interest income of $ 5.0 million during the year ended September 30, 2025. We collected $ 7.2 million in PIK interest in cash for the year ended September 30, 2025. The Adviser’s failure to identify and invest in securities that meet our investment criteria or perform its responsibilities under the Advisory Agreement would likely adversely affect our ability for future growth. Our ability to achieve our investment objectives will depend on our ability to grow, which in turn will depend on the Adviser’s ability to identify and invest in securities that meet our investment criteria. Accomplishing this result on a cost-effective basis will be largely a function of the Adviser’s structuring of the investment process, its ability to provide competent and efficient services to us, and our access to financing on acceptable terms. The Adviser’s senior management team has substantial responsibilities under the Advisory Agreement. In order to grow, the Adviser will need to hire, train, 34 Table of Contents supervise, and manage new employees successfully. Any failure to manage our future growth effectively would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. There are significant potential conflicts of interest, including with the Adviser, which could impact our investment returns. Our executive officers and directors, and the officers and directors of the Adviser, serve or may serve as officers, directors, or principals of entities that operate in the same or a related line of business as we do or of investment funds managed by our affiliates. Accordingly, they may have obligations to investors in those entities, the fulfillment of which might not be in our or our stockholders’ best interests. For example, Mr. Gladstone, our chairman and chief executive officer, is the chairman of the board and chief executive officer of each of the Gladstone Companies. In addition, Mr. Marcotte is an executive vice president of the Adviser. While portfolio managers and the officers and other employees of the Adviser devote as much time to the management of us as appropriate to enable the Adviser to perform its duties in accordance with the Advisory Agreement, the portfolio managers and other of the Adviser's officers may have conflicts in allocating their time and services among us, on the one hand, and other investment vehicles managed by the Adviser, on the other hand. These activities could be viewed as creating a conflict of interest insofar as the time and effort of the portfolio managers and the officers and employees of the Adviser will not be devoted exclusively to our business but will instead be allocated between our business and the management of these other investment vehicles.  Moreover, the Adviser may establish or sponsor other investment vehicles which from time to time may have potentially overlapping investment objectives with ours and accordingly may invest in, whether principally or secondarily, asset classes we target. While the Adviser generally has broad authority to make investments on behalf of the investment vehicles that it advises, the Adviser has adopted investment allocation procedures to address these potential conflicts and intends to direct investment opportunities to us or the Affiliated Public Fund with the investment strategy that most closely fits the investment opportunity. Nevertheless, the management of the Adviser may face conflicts in the allocation of investment opportunities to other entities it manages. As a result, it is possible that we may not be given the opportunity to participate in certain investments made by other funds managed by the Adviser. In certain circumstances, we may make investments in a portfolio company in which one of our affiliates has or will have an investment, subject to satisfaction of any regulatory restrictions and, where required, to the prior approval of our Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2025, our Board of Directors has approved the following types of co-investment transactions: • Our affiliate, Gladstone Commercial, may, under certain circumstances, lease property to portfolio companies that we do not control. We may pursue such transactions only if (i) the portfolio company is not controlled by us or any of our affiliates, (ii) the portfolio company satisfies the tenant underwriting criteria of Gladstone Commercial, and (iii) the transaction is approved by a majority of our independent directors and a majority of the independent directors of Gladstone Commercial. We expect that any such negotiations between Gladstone Commercial and our portfolio companies would result in lease terms consistent with the terms that the portfolio companies would be likely to receive were they not portfolio companies of ours. • We may invest simultaneously with our affiliates Gladstone Investment and/or Gladstone Alternative in senior loans in the broadly syndicated market whereby neither we nor any affiliate has the ability to dictate the terms of the loans. • Pursuant to the Co-Investment Order, under certain circumstances, we may co-invest with Gladstone Investment, Gladstone Alternative and any future BDC or closed-end management investment company that is advised by the Adviser (or sub-advised by the Adviser if it controls the fund), or any combination of the foregoing, subject to the conditions included therein. Certain of our officers, who are also officers of the Adviser, may from time to time serve as directors of certain of our portfolio companies. If an officer serves in such capacity with one of our portfolio companies, such officer will owe fiduciary duties to stockholders of the portfolio company, which duties may from time to time conflict with the interests of our stockholders. In the course of our investing activities, we will pay base management and incentive fees to the Adviser and will reimburse the Administrator for certain expenses it incurs. As a result, investors in our common stock will invest on a “gross” basis and receive distributions on a “net” basis after expenses, resulting in, among other things, a lower rate of return than one might achieve through our investors themselves making direct investments. As a result of this arrangement, there may be times when the management team of the Adviser has interests that differ from those of our stockholders, giving rise to a conflict. In addition, as a BDC, we make available significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies and provide other services to such portfolio companies. While, neither we nor the Adviser currently receives fees in connection with managerial assistance, the Adviser and Gladstone Securities have, at various times, provided other services to certain of our portfolio companies and received fees for these other services. 35 Table of Contents The Adviser is not obligated to provide a credit of the base management fee or incentive fee, which could negatively impact our earnings and our ability to maintain our current level of distributions to our stockholders. The Advisory Agreement provides for a base management fee based on our total assets and an incentive fee which consists of two parts: an income-based incentive fee and a capital gains-based incentive fee. Our Board of Directors has historically accepted and may accept in the future quarterly or annual non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits to reduce the annual base management fee. Further, our Board of Directors has accepted on a quarterly basis non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits from the Adviser to reduce the income-based incentive fee to the extent net investment income did not cover 100.0% of distributions to common stockholders. Any waived fees may not be recouped by the Adviser in the future. However, the Adviser is not required to issue these or other credits of fees under the Advisory Agreement, and to the extent our investment portfolio grows in the future, we expect these management and incentive fees will increase. If the Adviser does not issue these credits in future quarters, it could negatively impact our earnings and may compromise our ability to maintain our current level of distributions to our stockholders, which could have a material adverse impact on our stock price. Our business model is dependent upon developing and sustaining strong referral relationships with investment bankers, business brokers and other intermediaries and any change in our referral relationships may impact our business plan. We are dependent upon informal relationships with investment bankers, business brokers and traditional lending institutions to provide us with deal flow. If we fail to maintain our relationship with such funds or institutions, or if we fail to establish strong referral relationships with other funds, we will not be able to grow our portfolio of investments and fully execute our business plan. Our base management fee may induce the Adviser to incur leverage. The fact that our base management fee is payable based upon our total assets, which would include any investments made with proceeds of borrowings, may encourage the Adviser to use leverage to make additional investments. Under certain circumstances, the use of increased leverage may increase the likelihood of default, which would disfavor holders of our securities. Given the subjective nature of the investment decisions made by the Adviser on our behalf, we will not be able to monitor this potential conflict of interest. Risks Related to an Investment in Our Securities There is a risk that you may not receive distributions or that distributions may not grow over time. We intend to distribute at least 90.0% of our Investment Company Taxable Income to our stockholders by paying monthly distributions. We cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results that will allow us to make a specified level of cash distributions or year-to-year increases in cash distributions. Furthermore, we expect to retain some or all net realized long-term capital gains by first offsetting them with realized capital losses, and secondly through a deemed distribution to supplement our equity capital and support the growth of our portfolio, although our Board of Directors may determine in certain cases to distribute these gains to our common stockholders. In addition, our Credit Facility restricts the amount of distributions we are permitted to make. We cannot assure you that we will achieve investment results or maintain a tax status that will allow or require any specified level of cash distributions. Investing in our securities may involve an above average degree of risk. The investments we make in accordance with our investment objectives may result in a higher amount of risk than alternative investment options and a higher risk of volatility or loss of principal. Our investments in portfolio companies may be highly speculative, and therefore, an investment in our securities may not be suitable for someone with lower risk tolerance. Distributions to our stockholders have included and may in the future include a return of capital. Quarterly, our Board of Directors declares monthly distributions based on then-current estimates of taxable income for each fiscal year, which may differ, and in the past have differed, from actual results. Because our distributions are based on estimates of taxable income that may differ from actual results, future distributions payable to our stockholders may also include a return of capital. Moreover, to the extent that we distribute amounts that exceed our current and accumulated earnings and profits, these distributions constitute a return of capital to the extent of the common stockholder’s adjusted tax basis in its shares of our common stock. A return of capital represents a return of a stockholder’s original investment in 36 Table of Contents shares of our common stock and should not be confused with a distribution from earnings and profits. Although return of capital distributions may not be taxable, such distributions may increase an investor’s tax liability for capital gains upon the sale of shares of our common stock by reducing the investor’s tax basis in its shares of our common stock. Such returns of capital reduce our asset base and also adversely impact our ability to raise debt capital as a result of the leverage restrictions under the 1940 Act, which could have material adverse impact on our ability to make new investments. Common shares of closed-end investment companies frequently trade at a discount to NAV. Shares of closed-end investment companies frequently trade at a discount to NAV per common share. Since our inception, our common stock has at times traded above NAV, and at times below NAV per share. This characteristic of shares of closed-end investment companies is separate and distinct from the risk that our NAV per share will decline. As with any stock, the price of our common stock will fluctuate with market conditions and other factors. If shares are sold, the price received may be more or less than the original investment. Whether investors will realize gains or losses upon the sale of shares of our common stock will not depend directly upon our NAV, but will depend upon the market price of the shares at the time of sale. Since the market price of our common stock will be affected by such factors as the relative demand for and supply of the shares in the market, general market and economic conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict whether the shares will trade at, below, or above our NAV. Under the 1940 Act, we are generally not able to issue additional shares of our common stock at a price below NAV per share to purchasers other than our existing stockholders through a rights offering without first obtaining the approval of our common stockholders and our independent directors. Additionally, when our common stock is trading below its NAV per share, our dividend yield may exceed the weighted average returns that we would expect to realize on new investments that would be made with the proceeds from the sale of such stock, making it unlikely that we would determine to issue additional shares in such circumstances. Thus, for as long as our common stock may trade below NAV, we will be subject to significant constraints on our ability to raise capital through the issuance of common stock. Additionally, an extended period of time in which we are unable to raise capital may restrict our ability to grow and adversely impact our ability to increase or maintain our distributions. Risks Related to the 2027 Notes and 2030 Convertible Notes (collectively, the “Notes”) The Notes are unsecured and therefore are effectively subordinated to any secured indebtedness we have incurred or may incur in the future and rank pari passu with, or equal to, all outstanding and future unsecured indebtedness issued by us and our general liabilities (total liabilities, less debt). The Notes are not secured by any of our assets or any of the assets of our subsidiaries. As a result, the Notes are subordinated to any secured indebtedness we or our subsidiaries have currently incurred and may incur in the future (or any indebtedness that is initially unsecured to which we subsequently grant security) to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. In any liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy or other similar proceeding, the holders of any of our existing or future secured indebtedness and the secured indebtedness of our subsidiaries may assert rights against the assets pledged to secure that indebtedness in order to receive full payment of their indebtedness before the assets may be used to pay other creditors, including the holders of the Notes. In addition, the Notes rank pari passu with, or equal to, all outstanding and future unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness issued by us and our general liabilities (total liabilities, less debt). The Notes are structurally subordinated to the indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries. The Notes are obligations exclusively of the Company and not of any of our subsidiaries. None of our subsidiaries is a guarantor of the Notes and the Notes are not required to be guaranteed by any subsidiaries we may acquire or create in the future. Except to the extent we are a creditor with recognized claims against our subsidiaries, all claims of creditors of our subsidiaries will have priority over our equity interests in such subsidiaries (and therefore the claims of our creditors, including holders of the Notes) with respect to the assets of such subsidiaries. Even if we are recognized as a creditor of one or more of our subsidiaries, our claims would still be effectively subordinated to any security interests in the assets of any such subsidiary and to any indebtedness or other liabilities of any such subsidiary senior to our claims. Consequently, the Notes are structurally subordinated to all indebtedness and other liabilities of any of our subsidiaries and any subsidiaries that we may in the future acquire or establish. As of September 30, 2025, there was $0 outstanding under the Credit Facility. Borrowings under the Credit Facility are the obligation of Business Loan, and are structurally senior to the Notes. In addition, our subsidiaries may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, all of which would be structurally senior to the Notes. 37 Table of Contents The indentures under which the Notes were issued contain limited protection for holders of the Notes. The indentures under which the Notes were issued offer limited protection to holders of the Notes. The terms of the indentures do not restrict our or any of our subsidiaries’ ability to engage in, or otherwise be a party to, a variety of corporate transactions, circumstances or events that could have an adverse impact on your investment in the Notes. In particular, the terms of the indenture and the Notes do not place any restrictions on our or our subsidiaries’ ability to: • issue securities or otherwise incur additional indebtedness or other obligations, including (1) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be equal in right of payment to the Notes, (2) any indebtedness or other obligations that would be secured and therefore rank effectively senior in right of payment to the Notes to the extent of the value of the assets securing such debt, (3) indebtedness that is guaranteed by one or more of our subsidiaries and which therefore is structurally senior to the Notes and (4) securities, indebtedness or obligations issued or incurred by our subsidiaries that would be senior to our equity interests in our subsidiaries and therefore rank structurally senior to the Notes with respect to the assets of our subsidiaries, in each case, other than an incurrence of indebtedness or other obligation that would cause a violation of Section 18(a)(1)(A) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, whether or not we continue to be subject to such provisions of the 1940 Act, which generally prohibit us from incurring additional debt or issuing additional debt or preferred securities, unless our asset coverage, as defined in the 1940 Act, equals at least 150% after such incurrence or issuance; • with respect to the 2027 Notes, pay dividends on, or purchase or redeem or make any payments in respect of, capital stock or other securities ranking junior in right of payment to the Notes, including preferred stock and any subordinated indebtedness, other than, dividends, purchases, redemptions or payments that would cause our asset coverage to fall below the threshold specified in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act or any successor provisions, giving effect to any no-action relief granted by the SEC to another BDC and upon which we may reasonably rely (or to us if we determine to seek such similar SEC no-action or other relief) permitting the BDC to declare any cash dividend or distribution notwithstanding the prohibition contained in Section 18(a)(1)(B) as modified by Section 61(a)(2) of the 1940 Act in order to maintain the BDC’s status as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code; • sell assets (other than certain limited restrictions on our ability to consolidate, merge or sell all or substantially all of our assets); • enter into transactions with affiliates; • create liens (including liens on the shares of our subsidiaries) or enter into sale and leaseback transactions; • make investments; or • create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us from our subsidiaries. Under the terms of the indentures governing the Notes, the holders of the 2027 Notes and 2030 Convertible Notes may require us to repurchase 100% of such notes upon the occurrence of a “Change of Control Repurchase Event,” which would occur upon certain changes of control that result in a downgrade in such notes below investment grade or “fundamental change”, respectively. Furthermore, the terms of the indenture and the Notes do not protect holders of the Notes in the event that we experience changes (including significant adverse changes) in our financial condition, results of operations or credit ratings, if any, as they do not require that we or our subsidiaries adhere to any financial tests or ratios or specified levels of net worth, revenues, income, cash flow, or liquidity. Our ability to recapitalize, incur additional debt (including additional debt that matures prior to the maturity of the Notes), and take a number of other actions that are not limited by the terms of the Notes may have important consequences for you as a holder of the Notes, including making it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to the Notes or negatively affecting the trading value of the Notes. Other debt we issue or incur in the future could contain more protections for its holders than the indenture and the Notes, including additional covenants and events of default. The issuance or incurrence of any such debt with incremental protections could affect the market for, trading levels and prices of the Notes. 38 Table of Contents We cannot assure you an active trading market for the Notes will develop or be maintained. We have not listed, and do not intend to list in the future, the 2027 Notes and the 2030 Convertible Notes on any securities exchange or for quotation of the Notes on any automated dealer quotation system.  Accordingly, we cannot assure you that a liquid trading market will develop and/or be maintained for any of the Notes, that a holder will be able to sell its Notes at a particular time or that the price received when a holder sells its Notes will be favorable. To the extent an active trading market does not develop or is not maintained, the liquidity and trading price for the Notes may be harmed. Accordingly, the holder of a Note may be required to bear the financial risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period of time. If we default on our obligations to pay our other indebtedness, we may not be able to make payments on the Notes. Any default under the agreements governing our indebtedness, including a default under the Credit Facility or other indebtedness to which we may be a party, that is not waived by the required lenders or holders, and the remedies sought by the holders of such indebtedness could make us unable to pay principal and interest on the Notes and substantially decrease the market value of such notes. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required payments of principal and interest on our indebtedness, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants, including financial and operating covenants, in the instruments governing our indebtedness, we could be in default under the terms of the agreements governing such indebtedness. In the event of such default, the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and unpaid interest, the lenders under the Credit Facility or other debt we may incur in the future could elect to terminate their commitments, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure proceedings against our assets, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If our operating performance declines, we may in the future need to refinance or restructure our debt, including the Notes, sell assets, reduce or delay capital investments, seek to raise additional capital or seek to obtain waivers from the required lenders under the Credit Facility or other debt that we may incur in the future to avoid being in default. If we are unable to implement one or more of these alternatives, we may not be able to meet our payment obligations under the Notes or our other debt. If we breach our covenants under the Credit Facility or other debt and seek a waiver, we may not be able to obtain a waiver from the required lenders or holders. If this occurs, we would be in default under the Credit Facility or other debt, the lenders or holders could exercise their rights as described above, and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. If we are unable to repay debt, lenders having secured obligations, including the lenders under the Credit Facility, could proceed against the collateral securing the debt. Because the Credit Facility has, and any future credit facilities will likely have, customary cross-default provisions, if the indebtedness under the Notes or the Credit Facility or under any future credit facility is accelerated, we may be unable to repay or finance the amounts due. We may choose to redeem the Notes when prevailing interest rates are relatively low. The 2027 Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company’s option prior to maturity at par plus a “make-whole” premium, if applicable.  We may not redeem the 2030 Convertible Notes prior to October 6, 2028. We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2030 Convertible Notes (subject to the “partial redemption limitation”), at our option, on a redemption date on or after October 6, 2028 and on or before the 45th scheduled trading day immediately prior to the maturity date if the last reported sale price of our common stock has been at least 130% of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. If prevailing rates are lower at the time of redemption, and we redeem the Notes, you likely would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed. We may not be able to repurchase the 2027 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event. We may not be able to repurchase the 2027 Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event (as defined in the indenture governing such Notes) because we may not have sufficient funds. We would not be able to borrow under our Credit Facility to finance such a repurchase of the 2027 Notes, and we expect that any future credit facility would have similar limitations. Upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event, holders of the 2027 Notes may require us to repurchase for cash some or all of such Notes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the aggregate principal amount of the Notes being repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but not including, the repurchase date. The terms of our Credit Facility also provide that certain change of control events will constitute an event of default thereunder entitling the lenders to accelerate any indebtedness outstanding under our Credit Facility at that time and to terminate our Credit Facility. Our 39 Table of Contents failure to purchase such tendered Notes upon the occurrence of such Change of Control Repurchase Event would cause an event of default under the indenture governing the Notes and a cross-default under the agreements governing the Credit Facility, which may result in the acceleration of such indebtedness requiring us to repay that indebtedness immediately. If the holders of the 2027 Notes exercise their right to require us to repurchase such Notes upon a Change of Control Repurchase Event, the financial effect of this repurchase could cause a default under our current and future debt instruments, and we may not have sufficient funds to repay any such accelerated indebtedness. A downgrade, suspension or withdrawal of the credit rating assigned by a rating agency to us or the Notes or change in the debt markets could cause the liquidity or market value of the Notes to decline significantly. Any credit rating assigned to us or the Notes represents an assessment by the assigning rating agency of our ability to pay our debts when due. Consequently, real or anticipated changes in our credit ratings will generally affect the market value of the Notes. These credit ratings may not reflect the potential impact of risks relating to the structure or marketing of the Notes. Credit ratings are paid for by the issuer and are not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold any security, and may be revised or withdrawn at any time by the issuing organization in its sole discretion. An increase in market interest rates could result in a decrease in the value of the Notes. In general, as market interest rates rise, notes bearing interest at a fixed rate generally decline in value because the premium, if any, over market interest rates will decline. Consequently, if you purchase the Notes and market interest rates increase, the market value of your Notes may decline. We cannot predict the future level of market interest rates. Additional Risks Related to our 2030 Convertible Notes We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle conversions of the 2030 Convertible Notes in cash or to repurchase the 2030 Convertible Notes upon a fundamental change, and our future debt may contain limitations on our ability to pay cash upon conversion or repurchase of the 2030 Convertible Notes. Holders of the 2030 Convertible Notes will have the right to require us to repurchase all or any portion of their 2030 Convertible Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a fundamental change repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2030 Convertible Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. In addition, upon conversion of the 2030 Convertible Notes, unless we elect to deliver solely shares of our common stock to settle such conversion (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share), we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the 2030 Convertible Notes being converted. However, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to make repurchases of 2030 Convertible Notes surrendered therefor or pay cash with respect to 2030 Convertible Notes being converted. In addition, our ability to repurchase the 2030 Convertible Notes or to pay cash upon conversions of the 2030 Convertible Notes may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to repurchase Notes at a time when the repurchase is required by the indenture governing the 2030 Convertible Notes or to pay any cash payable on future conversions of the 2030 Convertible Notes as required by the indenture governing the 2030 Convertible Notes would constitute a default under the indenture governing the 2030 Convertible Notes. A default under the indenture governing the 2030 Convertible Notes or the fundamental change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our future indebtedness. If the repayment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness and repurchase the 2030 Convertible Notes or make cash payments upon conversions thereof. Recent and future regulatory actions and other events may adversely affect the trading price and liquidity of the 2030 Convertible Notes. We expect that many investors in, and potential purchasers of, the 2030 Convertible Notes will employ, or seek to employ, a convertible arbitrage strategy with respect to the 2030 Convertible Notes. Investors would typically implement such a strategy by selling short the common stock underlying the 2030 Convertible Notes and dynamically adjusting their short position while continuing to hold the 2030 Convertible Notes. Investors may also implement this type of strategy by entering into swaps on our common stock in lieu of or in addition to short selling the common stock. We cannot assure you that market conditions will permit investors to implement this type of strategy, whether on favorable pricing and other terms or at all. If market conditions do not permit investors to implement this type of strategy, whether on favorable pricing and other terms or at all, at any time while the 2030 Convertible Notes are outstanding, the trading price and liquidity of the 2030 Convertible Notes may be adversely affected. 40 Table of Contents The SEC and other regulatory and self-regulatory authorities have implemented various rules and taken certain actions, and may in the future adopt additional rules and take other actions, that may impact those engaging in short selling activity involving equity securities (including our common stock). Such rules and actions include Rule 201 of SEC Regulation SHO, the adoption by the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. and the national securities exchanges of a “Limit Up-Limit Down” program, the imposition of market-wide circuit breakers that halt trading of securities for certain periods following specific market declines, and the implementation of certain regulatory reforms required by the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. Any governmental or regulatory action that restricts the ability of investors in, or potential purchasers of, the 2030 Convertible Notes to effect short sales of our common stock, borrow our common stock or enter into swaps on our common stock could adversely affect the trading price and the liquidity of the 2030 Convertible Notes. In addition, the number of shares of our common stock available for lending in connection with short sale transactions and the number of counterparties willing to enter into an equity swap on our common stock with a Note investor may not be sufficient for the implementation of a convertible arbitrage strategy. These and other market events could make implementing a convertible arbitrage strategy prohibitively expensive or infeasible. We cannot assure you that a sufficient number of shares of our common stock will be available to borrow on commercial terms, or at all, to holders of the 2030 Convertible Notes. If purchasers of the 2030 Convertible Notes that seek to employ a convertible arbitrage strategy are unable to do so on commercial terms, or at all, then the trading price of, and the liquidity of the market for, the 2030 Convertible Notes may significantly decline. Volatility in the market price and trading volume of our common stock could adversely impact the trading price of the 2030 Convertible Notes. The stock market in recent years has experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of companies. The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly for many reasons, including in response to the risks described in this Annual Report or the documents we have incorporated by reference in this Annual Report or for reasons unrelated to our operations, such as reports by industry analysts, investor perceptions or negative announcements by our customers, competitors or suppliers regarding their own performance, as well as industry conditions and general financial, economic and political instability. A decrease in the market price of our common stock would likely adversely impact the trading price of the 2030 Convertible Notes. The market price of our common stock could also be affected by possible sales of our common stock by investors who view the 2030 Convertible Notes as a more attractive means of equity participation in us and by hedging or arbitrage trading activity that we expect to develop involving our common stock. This trading activity could, in turn, affect the trading price of the 2030 Convertible Notes. Conversion of the 2030 Convertible Notes may dilute the ownership interest of our stockholders or may otherwise depress the price of our common stock. The conversion of some or all of the 2030 Convertible Notes may dilute the ownership interests of our stockholders. Upon conversion of the 2030 Convertible Notes, we have the option to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock. If we elect to settle our conversion obligation in shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, any sales in the public market of our common stock issuable upon such conversion could adversely affect prevailing market prices of our common stock. In addition, the existence of the 2030 Convertible Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the conversion of the 2030 Convertible Notes could be used to satisfy short positions, or anticipated conversion of the 2030 Convertible Notes into shares of our common stock could depress the price of our common stock. The accounting method for the 2030 Convertible Notes could adversely affect our reported financial condition and results. The accounting method for reflecting the 2030 Convertible Notes on our balance sheet, accruing interest expense for the 2030 Convertible Notes and reflecting the underlying shares of our common stock in our reported diluted earnings per share may adversely affect our reported earnings and financial condition. In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board’s Accounting Standards Update 2020-06 (“ASU 2020-06”), the 2030 Convertible Notes are reflected as a liability on our balance sheets, with the initial carrying amount equal to the principal amount of the 2030 Convertible Notes, net of issuance costs. The issuance costs are treated as a debt discount for accounting purposes, which will be amortized into interest expense over the term of the 2030 Convertible Notes. As a result of this amortization, the expense that we recognize for the 2030 Convertible Notes for accounting purposes will be greater than the cash interest payments we pay on the 2030 Convertible Notes, which results in lower reported income. 41 Table of Contents In addition, we expect that the shares of common stock underlying the 2030 Convertible Notes will be reflected in our diluted earnings per share using the “if converted” method, in accordance with ASU 2020-06. Under that method, diluted earnings per share are generally calculated assuming that all the 2030 Convertible Notes were converted solely into shares of common stock at the beginning of the reporting period, unless the result would be anti-dilutive. The application of the if-converted method may reduce our reported diluted earnings per share. In addition, in the future, we may, in our sole discretion, irrevocably elect to settle the conversion value of the 2030 Convertible Notes in cash up to the principal amount being converted. Following such an irrevocable election, if the conversion value of the 2030 Convertible Notes exceeds their principal amount for a reporting period, then we will calculate our diluted earnings per share by assuming that all of the 2030 Convertible Notes were converted at the beginning of the reporting period and that we issued shares of our common stock to settle the excess, unless the result would be anti-dilutive. Future sales of our common stock or equity-linked securities in the public market could lower the market price for our common stock and adversely impact the trading price of the 2030 Convertible Notes. In the future, we may sell additional shares of our common stock or equity-linked securities to raise capital. In addition, a substantial number of shares of our common stock is reserved for issuance upon the exercise of conversion of the 2030 Convertible Notes. We cannot predict the size of future issuances or the effect, if any, that they may have on the market price for our common stock. The issuance and sale of substantial amounts of common stock or equity-linked securities, or the perception that such issuances and sales may occur, could adversely affect the trading price of the 2030 Convertible Notes and the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity or equity-linked securities. Holders of 2030 Convertible Notes are not entitled to any rights with respect to our common stock, but they will be subject to all changes made with respect to our common stock to the extent our conversion obligation includes shares of our common stock. Holders of 2030 Convertible Notes are not entitled to any rights with respect to our common stock (including, without limitation, voting rights and rights to receive any dividends or other distributions on our common stock) prior to the conversion date relating to such 2030 Convertible Notes (if we have elected to settle the relevant conversion by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share)) or the last trading day of the relevant observation period (if we elect to pay and deliver, as the case may be, a combination of cash and shares of our common stock in respect of the relevant conversion), but holders of 2030 Convertible Notes will be subject to all changes affecting our common stock. For example, if an amendment is proposed to our charter or bylaws requiring stockholder approval and the record date for determining the stockholders of record entitled to vote on the amendment occurs prior to the conversion date related to a holder’s conversion of its 2030 Convertible Notes (if we have elected to settle the relevant conversion by delivering solely shares of our common stock (other than paying cash in lieu of delivering any fractional share)) or the last trading day of the relevant observation period (if we elect to pay and deliver, as the case may be, a combination of cash and shares of our common stock in respect of the relevant conversion), such holder will not be entitled to vote on the amendment, although such holder will nevertheless be subject to any changes affecting our common stock. Upon conversion of the 2030 Convertible Notes, you may receive less valuable consideration than expected because the value of our common stock may decline after you exercise your conversion right but before we settle our conversion obligation. Under the 2030 Convertible Notes, a converting holder will be exposed to fluctuations in the value of our common stock during the period from the date such holder surrenders 2030 Convertible Notes for conversion until the date we settle our conversion obligation. Upon conversion of the 2030 Convertible Notes, we have the option to pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock. If we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation in cash or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, the amount of consideration that you will receive upon conversion of your 2030 Convertible Notes will be determined by reference to the volume-weighted average price of our common stock for each trading day in a 40 trading day observation period. If the price of our common stock decreases during this period, the amount and/or value of consideration you receive will be adversely affected. In addition, if the market price of our common stock at the end of such period is below the average volume-weighted average price of our common stock during such period, the value of any shares of our common stock that you will receive in satisfaction of our conversion obligation will be less than the value used to determine the number of shares that you will receive. 42 Table of Contents If we elect to satisfy our conversion obligation solely in shares of our common stock upon conversion of the 2030 Convertible Notes, we will be required to deliver the shares of our common stock, together with cash for any fractional share, on the second business day following the relevant conversion date. Accordingly, if the price of our common stock decreases during this period, the value of the shares that you receive will be adversely affected and would be less than the conversion value of the 2030 Convertible Notes on the conversion date. The increase in the conversion rate for 2030 Convertible Notes converted in connection with a make-whole fundamental change or a notice of redemption may not adequately compensate you for any lost value of your 2030 Convertible Notes as a result of such transaction or redemption. If a make-whole fundamental change occurs prior to the maturity date or if we deliver a notice of redemption, we will, under certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate by a number of additional shares of our common stock for 2030 Convertible Notes converted in connection with such make-whole fundamental change or notice of redemption. The increase, if any, in the conversion rate for 2030 Convertible Notes converted in connection with a make-whole fundamental change or a notice of redemption may not adequately compensate you for any lost value of your 2030 Convertible Notes as a result of such transaction or redemption. In addition, if the “stock price” is greater than $32.50 per share or less than $23.65 per share (in each case, subject to adjustment), no additional shares will be added to the conversion rate. Moreover, in no event will the conversion rate per $1,000 principal amount of 2030 Convertible Notes as a result of this adjustment exceed 42.2834 shares of common stock, subject to adjustment in the same manner as the conversion rate. Our obligation to increase the conversion rate for 2030 Convertible Notes converted in connection with a make-whole fundamental change or a notice of redemption could be considered a penalty, in which case the enforceability thereof would be subject to general principles of reasonableness and equitable remedies. The conversion rate of the 2030 Convertible Notes may not be adjusted for all dilutive events. The conversion rate of the 2030 Convertible Notes is subject to adjustment for certain events, including, but not limited to, the issuance of certain stock dividends on our common stock, the issuance of certain rights or warrants, subdivisions, combinations, distributions of capital stock, indebtedness, or assets, cash dividends (excluding regular monthly dividends in an amount that do not exceed $0.165 per share) and certain issuer tender or exchange offers. However, the conversion rate will not be adjusted for other events, such as a third-party tender or exchange offer or an issuance of common stock for cash, that may adversely affect the trading price of the 2030 Convertible Notes or our common stock. An event that adversely affects the value of the 2030 Convertible Notes may occur, and that event may not result in an adjustment to the conversion rate. Some significant restructuring transactions may not constitute a fundamental change, in which case we would not be obligated to offer to repurchase the 2030 Convertible Notes. Upon the occurrence of a fundamental change, you have the right to require us to repurchase all or any portion of your 2030 Convertible Notes. However, the fundamental change provisions will not afford protection to holders of 2030 Convertible Notes in the event of other transactions that could adversely affect the 2030 Convertible Notes. For example, transactions such as leveraged recapitalizations, refinancings, restructurings, or acquisitions initiated by us may not constitute a fundamental change requiring us to offer to repurchase the 2030 Convertible Notes. In the event of any such transaction, the holders would not have the right to require us to repurchase 2030 Convertible Notes, even though each of these transactions could increase the amount of our indebtedness, or otherwise adversely affect our capital structure or any credit ratings, thereby adversely affecting the holders of 2030 Convertible Notes. Certain provisions in the indenture governing the 2030 Convertible Notes may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover attempt of us. Certain provisions in the indenture governing the 2030 Convertible Notes may make it more difficult or expensive for a third party to acquire us. For example, the indenture governing the 2030 Convertible Notes will require us, except as described in this Annual Report, to repurchase the 2030 Convertible Notes for cash upon the occurrence of a fundamental change and, in certain circumstances, to increase the conversion rate for a holder that converts its 2030 Convertible Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change. A takeover of us may trigger the requirement that we repurchase the 2030 Convertible Notes and/or increase the conversion rate, which could make it costlier for a potential acquirer to engage in such takeover. Such additional costs may have the effect of delaying or preventing a takeover of us that would otherwise be beneficial to investors. 43 Table of Contents You may be subject to tax if we make or fail to make certain adjustments to the conversion rate of the 2030 Convertible Notes even though you do not receive a corresponding cash distribution. The conversion rate of the 2030 Convertible Notes is subject to adjustment in certain circumstances, including the payment of cash dividends (excluding regular monthly cash dividends in an amount that does not exceed $0.165 per share). If the conversion rate is adjusted as a result of a distribution that is taxable to our common stockholders, such as a cash dividend, you may be deemed to have received a dividend subject to U.S. federal income tax without the receipt of any cash. In addition, a failure to adjust (or to adjust adequately) the conversion rate after an event that increases your proportionate interest in us could be treated as a deemed taxable dividend to you. If a make-whole fundamental change occurs prior to the maturity date or if we deliver a notice of redemption, under some circumstances, we will increase the conversion rate for 2030 Convertible Notes converted in connection with the make-whole fundamental change or notice of redemption, as the case may be. Such increase also may be treated as a distribution subject to U.S. federal income tax as a dividend. If you are a non-U.S. Holder, any deemed dividend would be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a 30% rate, or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable treaty, which may be set off against subsequent payments on the 2030 Convertible Notes or any common stock received upon conversion thereof or from any proceeds of any subsequent sale, exchange or other disposition of such 2030 Convertible Notes (including the retirement of such 2030 Convertible Notes) or such common stock by such non-U.S. Holder or other funds or assets of such non-U.S. Holder. Risks Related to our Preferred Stock There is no public market for the Series A Preferred Stock as we do not intend to apply for listing on a national securities exchange unless the Share Repurchase Program is terminated. There is currently no public market for our Series A Preferred Stock and we do not intend to apply to list the Series A Preferred Stock on a national securities exchange or to include the Series A Preferred Stock for listing on any national securities market. Unless shares of the Series A Preferred Stock are listed on a national securities exchange, holders of shares of Series A Preferred Stock may be unable to sell them at all or, if they are able to, only at substantial discounts from the liquidation preference of such shares. Even if the Series A Preferred Stock is listed on Nasdaq or another national securities exchange following the termination of any share repurchase program, there is a risk that such shares may be thinly traded, and the market for such shares may be relatively illiquid compared to the market for other types of securities, with the spread between the bid and asked prices considerably greater than the spreads of other securities with comparable terms and features. Also, since the Series A Preferred Stock does not have a stated maturity date, you may be forced to hold your Series A Preferred Stock with no assurance as to ever receiving the liquidation preference of such shares. Dividend payments on the Series A Preferred Stock are not guaranteed. Although dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are cumulative, our Board of Directors must approve the actual payment of the dividends. Our Board of Directors can elect at any time or from time to time, and for an indefinite duration, not to pay any or all accrued dividends. Our Board of Directors could elect to suspend dividends for any reason, and may be prohibited from approving dividends in the following instances: • poor historical or projected cash flows; • the need to make payments on our indebtedness; • concluding that payment of dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock would cause us to breach the terms of any indebtedness or other instrument or agreement; or • determining that the payment of dividends would violate applicable law regarding unlawful distributions to stockholders. The Series A Preferred Stock will bear a risk of redemption by us. Except in limited circumstances, including those related to us maintaining the asset coverage required by Sections 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act, we, at our option, may not redeem shares of the Series A Preferred Stock prior to the earlier of (1) the one‑year anniversary of the earlier of (a) December 31, 2026 (unless earlier terminated or extended by our Board of Directors) or (b) the date on which all 6,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock are sold (the “Series A Termination Date”) and (2) January 1, 2027.  However, after such date, we may redeem the shares of Series A Preferred Stock at any time after such date and may do so at a time that is unfavorable to holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. We may have an incentive to voluntarily redeem the Series A Preferred Stock if market conditions allow us to issue other Preferred Stock or debt securities at a dividend or interest rate that is lower than the dividend rate on the Series A Preferred Stock. 44 Table of Contents Your option to request that your shares of Series A Preferred Stock be repurchased is subject to a 5% quarterly limitation, the continuation of the share repurchase program and our availability of funds, and may also be limited by law. We will only repurchase, in each quarter, up to 5% of our then outstanding Series A Preferred Stock (by number of shares outstanding), calculated as of the end of the previous calendar quarter. As a result, depending on the amount of repurchase requests, a stockholder’s repurchase request may not be fulfilled in the amount requested. In addition, our Board of Directors may terminate or suspend the share repurchase program at any time for any reason in its sole and absolute discretion. Therefore, our obligation to repurchase shares at the request of a holder of Series A Preferred Stock is limited to the extent our Board of Directors suspends or terminates the optional repurchase right for any reason, including after delivery of a stockholder repurchase request but prior to the corresponding stockholder repurchase date. Our obligation to repurchase shares at the option of a holder of Series A Preferred Stock is also limited to the extent that our Board of Directors determines, in its sole and absolute discretion, that we do not have sufficient funds available to fund any such repurchase or we are restricted by applicable law from making such repurchase. If you deliver a request to repurchase your shares of Series A Preferred Stock, but our Board of Directors determines we do not have sufficient funds available to fund such repurchase (even if there is sufficient funding as determined under applicable law), only a portion, if any, of your shares of Series A Preferred Stock may be repurchased. Our ability to pay dividends on and/or repurchase shares of Series A Preferred Stock may be limited by Maryland law, the 1940 Act and the terms of our debt facilities as well as future agreements we may enter. Under Maryland law, a corporation may pay dividends on and repurchase stock as long as, after giving effect to the dividend payment or repurchase, the corporation is able to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business (the equity solvency test), or, except in limited circumstances, the corporation’s total assets exceed the sum of its total liabilities plus, unless its charter permits otherwise, the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the dividend payment or repurchase, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose preferential rights on dissolution are superior to those receiving the dividend or whose stock is being repurchased (the balance sheet solvency test). If we are insolvent at any time when a repurchase of shares of Series A Preferred Stock is desired or required to be made, we may not be able to effect such repurchase. Furthermore, the terms of our debt facilities may restrict our ability to repurchase shares of Series A Preferred Stock for cash during an event of default, and we expect to enter agreements in the future that may similarly restrict our ability to repurchase in cash in such instances. In addition, under the 1940 Act, we may not (1) declare any dividend with respect to any shares of preferred stock if, at the time of such declaration (and after giving effect thereto), our asset coverage with respect to any of our borrowings that are senior securities representing indebtedness (as defined in the 1940 Act) would be less than 150% (or such other percentage as may in the future be specified in or under the 1940 Act as the minimum asset coverage for senior securities representing indebtedness of a BDC as a condition of declaring dividends on its preferred stock) or (2) declare any other distribution on the preferred stock or purchase or redeem preferred stock if at the time of the declaration or redemption (and after giving effect thereto), our asset coverage with respect to such borrowings that are senior securities representing indebtedness would be less than 150% (or such other percentage as may in the future be specified in or under the 1940 Act as the minimum asset coverage for senior securities representing indebtedness of a BDC as a condition of declaring distributions, purchases or redemptions of its shares). The cash distributions you receive may be less frequent or lower in amount than you expect. Our Board of Directors intends to pay distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock monthly in arrears on or about the fifth day of each month for dividends accrued the previous month (or such later date as our Board of Directors may designate) in an amount equal to $1.5625 per share per year. However, our Board of Directors has ultimate discretion to determine the amount and timing of these distributions. In making this determination, our Board of Directors will consider all relevant factors, including the amount of cash available for distribution, capital expenditure and reserve requirements and general operational requirements. We cannot assure you that we will consistently be able to generate sufficient available cash flow to fund distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock at the stated dividend rate nor can we assure you that sufficient cash will be available to make distributions to you. We cannot predict the amount of distributions you may receive and we may be unable to pay distributions over time. Our inability to acquire additional investments or operate profitably may have a negative effect on our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to pay distributions on the Series A Preferred Stock. 45 Table of Contents If you elect to participate in the Share Repurchase Program, the cash payment that you receive as a result of your optional repurchase request may be a substantial discount to the price that you paid for the shares of Series A Preferred Stock. The cash payment that stockholders who request to have their shares of Series A Preferred Stock repurchased will receive will be at a substantial discount if such request is made within three years of the purchase date. Repurchases under the share repurchase program for the Series A Preferred Stock will be at a price per share equal to the liquidation preference of the Series A Preferred Stock plus accrued and unpaid dividends, except that shares that have been outstanding for less than one year will be subject to an early repurchase discount of 10% (or at a price of $22.50 per share), shares that have been outstanding for at least one year but less than two years will be subject to an early repurchase discount of 6% (or at a price of $23.50 per share), and shares that have been outstanding for at least two years but less than three years will be subject to an early repurchase discount of 3% (or at a price of $24.25 per share). If you request to have your shares repurchased such request could cause you to lose a substantial portion of your investment. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will be subject to inflation risk. Inflation is the reduction in the purchasing power of money resulting from the increase in the price of goods and services. Inflation risk is the risk that the inflation-adjusted, or “real,” value of an investment or the income from that investment will be worth less in the future. As inflation occurs, the real value of the Series A Preferred Stock and dividends payable on such Shares declines. An investment in the Series A Preferred Stock bears interest rate risk. The Series A Preferred Stock will pay dividends at a fixed dividend rate. Prices of fixed income investments vary inversely with changes in market yields. The market yields on securities comparable to the Series A Preferred Stock may increase, which could result in a decline in the value or secondary market price of the Series A Preferred Stock. Holders of the Series A Preferred Stock will bear reinvestment risk. Given the potential for redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock at our option commencing with the earlier of (1) first anniversary of the Series A Termination Date and (2) January 1, 2027, holders of such Shares may face an increased reinvestment risk, which is the risk that the return on an investment purchased with proceeds from the sale or redemption of the Series A Preferred Stock may be lower than the return previously obtained from the investment in such shares. General

--- VENDORS ---
vendors; • review of loan documents and material contracts; • background checks and a management capabilities assessment on the prospective portfolio company’s management team and controlling shareholders; and • research on the prospective portfolio company’s products, services or particular industry and its competitive position therein. Upon completion of a due diligence investigation and a decision to proceed with an investment, the Adviser’s investment professionals who have primary responsibility for the investment present the investment opportunity to the Adviser’s investment committee. The investment committee then determines whether to pursue the potential investment. Prior to the closing of an investment, additional due diligence may be conducted by the Adviser or on our behalf by attorneys, independent accountants, and other outside advisers, as appropriate. We also rely on the long-term relationships that the Adviser’s investment professionals have with leveraged buyout funds, private credit managers, investment bankers, commercial bankers, private equity sponsors, attorneys, accountants, and business brokers. In addition, the extensive direct experiences of our executive officers and managing directors in the operations of lower middle market companies and providing debt and equity capital to lower middle market companies plays a significant role in our investment evaluation and assessment of risk. 7 Table of Contents Investment Structure Once the Adviser has determined that an investment meets our standards and investment criteria, the Adviser works with the management of that company, the private equity firm or ownership group controlling any prospective borrower, and other capital providers to structure the transaction in a way that we believe will provide us with the greatest opportunity to maximize our return on the investment, while providing appropriate incentives to the shareholders and management of the company. As discussed above, the capital classes through which we typically structure a deal include secured first lien debt, secured second lien debt, and preferred and common equity or equivalents. Through its risk management process, the Adviser seeks to limit the downside risk of our investments by: • seeking collateral or superior positions in the portfolio company’s capital structure where possible; • negotiating covenants in connection with our investments that afford our portfolio companies as much flexibility as possible in managing their businesses, consistent with preserving our capital; • securing board observation rights at the portfolio company; • incorporating call protection into the investment structure where possible; and • making investments with an expected total return (including both interest and potential equity appreciation) that it believes compensates us appropriately for the credit risk of the investment. We expect to hold most of our debt investments until maturity or repayment, but may sell our investments (including our equity investments) earlier if a liquidity event takes place, such as the sale or recapitalization of a portfolio company. Occasionally, we may sell some or all of our investment interests in a portfolio company to a third party in a privately negotiated transaction to manage our credit or sector exposures or to enhance our portfolio yield. Competitive Advantages A large number of entities compete with us and make the types of investments that we seek to make in lower middle market privately-owned businesses. Such competitors include other BDCs, registered investment companies, private  investment funds, and other financing sources, including traditional financial services companies such as commercial banks. Many of our competitors are substantially larger than we are and have considerably greater funding sources or are able to access capital more cost effectively. In addition, certain of our competitors may have higher risk tolerances or different risk assessments, which could allow them to consider a wider variety of investments, serve a broader customer base, and establish a greater market share. Furthermore, many of these competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions that the 1940 Act imposes on us as a BDC or the regulatory requirements we must comply with as a publicly traded company. However, we believe that we have the following competitive advantages over many other providers of financing to lower middle market companies. Management Expertise Our Adviser has a separate investment committee for the Company and each of the Affiliated Public Funds. The Adviser’s investment committee for the Company is comprised of Messrs. Gladstone, Marcotte and Sateri and Ms. Gladstone, each of whom have a wealth of experience in our area of operation. Ms. Gladstone and Messrs. Gladstone and Sateri also serve on the Adviser’s investment committee for the other Affiliated Public Funds. Ms. Gladstone has over 20 years of experience in investing in middle market companies and continues to hold the role of managing director with the Company and the Adviser. Each of Messrs. Gladstone, Marcotte and Sateri has over 30 years of experience in investing in middle market companies and with operating in the BDC marketplace in general. Mr. Gladstone also has principal management responsibility for the Adviser as its executive officer, and has worked at the Gladstone Companies for more than 20 years. These four individuals dedicate a significant portion of their time to managing our investment portfolio. Our senior management has extensive experience providing capital to lower middle market companies. In addition, we have access to the resources and expertise of the Adviser’s investment professionals and support staff who possess a broad range of transactional, financial, managerial, and investment skills. Increased Access to Investment Opportunities Developed Through Extensive Research Capability and Network of Contacts The Adviser seeks to identify potential investments through active origination and due diligence and through its dialogue with numerous private equity firms and other members of the financial community with whom the Adviser’s investment professionals have long-term relationships. We believe that the Adviser’s investment professionals have developed a broad network of contacts within the investment, commercial banking, private equity and investment management communities, 8 Table of Contents and that their reputation, experience and focus on investing in lower middle market companies enables us to source and identify well-positioned prospective portfolio companies that provide attractive investment opportunities. Additionally, the Adviser expects to generate information from its professionals’ network of accountants, consultants, lawyers and management teams of portfolio companies and other contacts to support the Adviser’s investment activities. Disciplined, Value and Income-Oriented Investment Philosophy with a Focus on Preservation of Capital In making its investment decisions, the Adviser focuses on the risk and reward profile of each prospective portfolio company, seeking to minimize the risk of capital loss without foregoing the potential for capital appreciation. We expect the Adviser to use the same investment philosophy that its professionals use in the management of the other Affiliated Public Funds and to commit resources to manage downside exposure. The Adviser’s approach seeks to reduce our risk in investments by using some or all of the following approaches: • focusing on companies with sustainable market positions and cash flow; • investing in businesses with experienced and established management teams; • engaging in extensive due diligence from the perspective of a long-term investor; • investing in businesses backed by successful private equity sponsors or owner operators; and • adopting flexible transaction structures by drawing on the experience of the investment professionals of the Adviser and its affiliates. Longer Investment Horizon Unlike private equity and private credit funds that are often organized as finite-life partnerships (generally seven to ten years), we are not subject to standard periodic capital return requirements. These structures often force private equity and private credit funds to seek returns on their investments by causing their portfolio companies to pursue mergers, public equity offerings, or other liquidity events more quickly than might otherwise be optimal or desirable, potentially resulting in a lower overall return to investors and/or an adverse impact on their portfolio companies. In contrast, we are an exchange-traded corporation of perpetual duration. We believe that our flexibility to make investments with a long-term view and without the capital return requirements of traditional private investment vehicles provides us with the opportunity to achieve greater long-term returns on invested capital. Flexible Transaction Structuring We believe our management team’s broad expertise and years of combined experience enable the Adviser to identify, assess, and structure investments successfully across all levels of a company’s capital structure and manage potential risk and return at all stages of the economic cycle. We are not subject to many of the regulatory limitations that govern traditional lending institutions, such as banks. As a result, we are flexible in selecting and structuring investments, adjusting investment criteria and transaction structures and, in some cases, the types of securities in which we invest. We believe that this approach enables the Adviser to craft a financing structure which best fits the investment and growth profile of the underlying business and yields attractive investment opportunities that will continue to generate current income and capital gain potential throughout the economic cycle, including during turbulent periods in the capital markets. Ongoing Management of Investments and Portfolio Company Relationships The Adviser’s investment professionals actively oversee each investment by continuously evaluating the portfolio company’s performance and, although generally not expected to control such companies or become involved in day-to-day operations, will work collaboratively with the portfolio company’s management, either at the portfolio company’s request or in connection with any board observer rights, to identify and incorporate best resources and practices that help us achieve our projected investment performance. Monitoring The Adviser’s investment professionals monitor the financial performance, trends, and changing risks of each portfolio company on an ongoing basis to determine if each company is performing within expectations and to guide the portfolio 9 Table of Contents company’s management in taking the appropriate courses of action. The Adviser employs various methods of evaluating and monitoring the performance of our investments in portfolio companies, which can include the following: • monthly or quarterly analysis of financial and operating performance; • frequent assessment of the portfolio company’s performance against its business plan and our investment expectations; • attendance at and/or participation in the portfolio company’s board of directors or management meetings; • assessment of portfolio company management, sponsor, governance, and strategic direction; • assessment of the portfolio company’s industry and competitive environment; and • review and assessment of the portfolio company’s operating outlook and financial projections. Relationship Management The Adviser’s investment professionals interact with various parties involved with a portfolio company, or investment, by actively engaging with internal and external constituents, including: • management; • boards of directors; • private equity sponsors; • capital partners; and • advisers and consultants. Managerial Assistance and Services As a BDC, we make available significant managerial assistance, as defined in the 1940 Act, to our portfolio companies and provide other services (other than such managerial assistance) to such portfolio companies. Neither we, nor the Adviser, currently receive fees in connection with the managerial assistance we make available. At times, the Adviser may also provide other services to our portfolio companies under certain agreements and may receive fees for services other than managerial assistance. Such services may include: (i) assistance obtaining, sourcing or structuring credit facilities, long term loans or additional equity from unaffiliated third parties; (ii) negotiating important contractual financial relationships; (iii) consulting services regarding restructuring of the portfolio company and financial modeling as it relates to raising additional debt and equity capital from unaffiliated third parties; and (iv) taking a primary role in interviewing, vetting and negotiating employment contracts with candidates in connection with adding and retaining key portfolio company management team members. The Adviser non-contractually, unconditionally, and irrevocably credits 100% of any fees received for such services against the base management fee that we would otherwise be required to pay to the Adviser as discussed below in “— Transactions with Related Parties – Investment Advisory and Management Agreement – Base Management Fee. ” However, pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, a small percentage of certain of such fees is retained by the Adviser in the form of reimbursement, at cost, for tasks completed by personnel of the Adviser, primarily for the valuation of portfolio companies. Gladstone Securities also provides other services (such as investment banking and due diligence services) to certain of our portfolio companies and receives fees for the provision of such services; see “— Transactions with Related Parties – Other Transactions ” below. Valuation Process Our Board of Directors has approved investment valuation policies and procedures pursuant to Rule 2a-5 (the “Policy”) and, in July 2022, designated the Adviser to serve as the Board of Directors’ valuation designee (“Valuation Designee”) under the 1940 Act. The following is a general description of the Policy that the professionals of the Adviser and Administrator, with oversight and direction from our chief valuation officer, an employee of the Administrator that reports directly to our Board of Directors (collectively, the “Valuation Team”), use each quarter to determine the fair value of our investment portfolio. In accordance with the 1940 Act, our Board of Directors has the ultimate responsibility for reviewing the good faith fair value determination of our investments for which market quotations are not readily available based on our Policy and for overseeing the Valuation Designee. The Adviser values our investments in accordance with the requirements of the 1940 10 Table of Contents Act and accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. (“GAAP”). There is no single standard for determining fair value (especially for privately-held businesses), as fair value depends upon the specific facts and circumstances of each individual investment. Each quarter, our Board of Directors reviews the Policy to determine if changes thereto are advisable and whether the Valuation Team has applied the Policy consistently. With respect to the valuation of our investment portfolio, the Valuation Team performs the following steps each quarter: • Each investment is initially assessed by the Valuation Team using the Policy, which may include: • obtaining fair value quotes or utilizing valuation inputs from third party valuation firms; and • using techniques, such as total enterprise value, yield analysis, market quotes and other factors, including but not limited to: the nature and realizable value of the collateral, including external parties’ guaranties; any relevant offers or letters of intent to acquire the portfolio company; and the markets in which the portfolio company operates. • Preliminary valuation conclusions are then discussed amongst the Valuation Team and with our management and documented for review by our Board of Directors. Fair value determinations and supporting material are sent to the Board of Directors in advance of its quarterly meetings. • The Valuation Committee of the Board of Directors (comprised entirely of independent directors) meets to review the valuation determinations and supporting materials, discusses the information provided by the Valuation Team, determines whether the Valuation Team has followed the Policy and reviews other facts and circumstances, including current valuation risks, conflicts of interest, material valuation matters, appropriateness of valuation methodologies, back-testing results, price challenges/overides, and ongoing monitoring and oversight of pricing services. After the Valuation Committee concludes its meeting, it and the chief valuation officer, representing the Valuation Designee, present the Valuation Committee’s findings on the Valuations Designee's determinations to the entire Board of Directors so that the full Board of Directors may review the Valuation Designee's determined fair values of such investments in accordance with the Policy. Fair value measurements of our investments may involve subjective judgment and estimates. Due to the uncertainty inherent in valuing these securities, the determinations of fair value may fluctuate from period to period and may differ materially from the values that could be obtained if a ready market for these securities existed. Our net asset value (“NAV”) could be materially affected if the determinations regarding the fair value of our investments are materially different from the values that we ultimately realize upon our disposal of such securities. Our valuation policies, procedures and processes are more fully described in Note 2— Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Transactions with Related Parties Investment Advisory and Management Agreement In 2006, we entered into the Advisory Agreement, which was most recently amended and restated in January 2025. In accordance with the Advisory Agreement, we pay the Adviser fees as compensation for its services, consisting of a base management fee and an incentive fee. On July 10, 2025, our Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not parties to the Advisory Agreement or interested persons of such party, unanimously approved the renewal of the Advisory Agreement through August 31, 2026.  The Board of Directors considered the following factors as the basis for its decision to renew the Advisory Agreement: (1) the nature, extent and quality of services provided by the Adviser to our shareholders; (2) the investment performance of the Company and the Adviser; (3) the costs of the services to be provided and profits to be realized by the Adviser and its affiliates from the relationship with the Company; (4) the extent to which economies of scale will be realized as the Company and the Affiliated Public Funds grow and whether the fee level under the Advisory Agreement reflects the economies of scale for the Company’s investors; (5) the fee structure of the advisory and administrative agreements of comparable funds; (6) indirect profits to the Adviser created through the Company; and (7) in light of the foregoing considerations, the overall fairness of the advisory fees paid under the Advisory Agreement. Based on the information reviewed and the considerations detailed above, our Board of Directors, including all of the directors who are not “interested persons” as that term is defined in the 1940 Act, concluded that the investment advisory fee rates and terms are fair and reasonable in relation to the services provided and approved the Advisory Agreement, as being in the best interests of our stockholders. 11 Table of Contents Base Management Fee The base management fee is payable quarterly to the Adviser pursuant to our Advisory Agreement and is assessed at an annual rate of 1.75%, computed on the basis of the value of our average total assets at the end of the two most recently-completed quarters (inclusive of the current quarter), which are total assets, including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period. Our Board of Directors may (as it has for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023) accept a non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credit from the Adviser to reduce the annual 1.75% base management fee on syndicated loan participations to 0.5%, to the extent that proceeds resulting from borrowings were used to purchase such syndicated loan participations. Additionally, pursuant to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Adviser makes available significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. The Adviser may also provide other services to our portfolio companies under certain agreements and may receive fees for services other than managerial assistance. The Adviser non-contractually, unconditionally, and irrevocably credits 100% of these fees against the base management fee that we would otherwise be required to pay to the Adviser; however, pursuant to the terms of the Advisory Agreement, a small percentage of certain of such fees is retained by the Adviser in the form of reimbursement, at cost, for tasks completed by personnel of the Adviser, primarily for the valuation of portfolio companies. Loan servicing fees that are payable to the Adviser pursuant to our revolving line of credit with KeyBank National Association (“KeyBank”), as administrative agent, lead arranger and lender (as amended and restated from time to time, our “Credit Facility") are also 100% credited against the base management fee as discussed below, “—Loan Servicing Fee Pursuant to Credit Agreement.” Incentive Fee The incentive fee consists of two parts: an income-based incentive fee and a capital gains-based incentive fee. The income-based incentive fee rewards the Adviser if our quarterly net investment income (before giving effect to any incentive fee) exceeds 1.75% of our net assets (2.0% during the period from April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2023), which we define as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any incentive fees payable or contractually due but not payable during the period, at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period (the “hurdle rate”). The income-based incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income is generally payable quarterly to the Adviser and is computed as follows: • no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; • 100.0% of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.1875% (2.50% from April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023) of our net assets, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period, in any calendar quarter; and • 20.0% of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.1875% (2.50% from April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023) of our net assets, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period, in any calendar quarter. 12 Table of Contents Quarterly Incentive Fee Based on Net Investment Income Pre-incentive fee net investment income (expressed as a percentage of the value of net assets) Percentage of pre-incentive fee net investment income allocated to income-related portion of incentive fee The second part of the incentive fee is a capital gains-based incentive fee that is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date) and equals 20.0% of our “net realized capital gains” (as defined below) as of the end of the fiscal year. In determining the capital gains-based incentive fee payable to the Adviser, we calculate “net realized capital gains” at the end of each applicable year by subtracting the sum of our cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and our entire portfolio's aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains. For this purpose, cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, if any, equals the sum of the differences between the net sales price of each investment, when sold, and the original cost of such investment since inception. Cumulative aggregate realized capital losses equals the sum of the amounts by which the net sales price of each investment, when sold, is less than the original cost of such investment since inception. The entire portfolio’s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any, equals the sum of the difference between the valuation of each investment as of the applicable calculation date and the original cost of such investment. At the end of the applicable fiscal year, the amount of capital gains that serves as the basis for our calculation of the capital gains-based incentive fee equals the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains less cumulative aggregate realized capital losses, less the entire portfolio’s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any. If this number is positive at the end of such fiscal year, then the capital gains-based incentive fee for such year equals 20.0% of such amount, less the aggregate amount of any capital gains-based incentive fees paid in respect of our portfolio in all prior years. No capital gains-based incentive fee has been recorded or paid since our inception through September 30, 2025, as cumulative unrealized capital depreciation has exceeded cumulative realized capital gains net of cumulative realized capital losses. In accordance with GAAP, a capital gains-based incentive fee accrual is calculated using the aggregate cumulative realized capital gains and losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation. If such amount is positive at the end of a period, then GAAP requires us to record a capital gains-based incentive fee equal to 20.0% of such amount, less the aggregate amount of actual capital gains-based incentive fees paid in all prior years. If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such period. GAAP requires that the capital gains-based incentive fee accrual consider the cumulative aggregate unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, as a capital gains-based incentive fee would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital appreciation will be realized in the future. No GAAP accrual for a capital gains-based incentive fee has been recorded from our inception through September 30, 2025. Our Board of Directors accepted non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits from the Adviser to reduce the income-based incentive fee to the extent net investment income did not cover 100.0% of distributions to common stockholders for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, which credits totaled $ 2.3 million and $ 0.2 million, respectively. There were no such credits during the year ended September 30, 2023. Loan Servicing Fee Pursuant to Credit Agreement The Adviser also services the loans held by our wholly-owned subsidiary, Gladstone Business Loan, LLC (“Business Loan”) (the borrower under our Credit Facility), in return for which the Adviser receives a 1.5% annual fee payable monthly based on the monthly aggregate outstanding balance of loans pledged under our Credit Facility. Since Business Loan is a consolidated subsidiary of ours, and the total base management fee paid to the Adviser pursuant to the Advisory Agreement cannot exceed 1.75% of total assets (less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period) during any given calendar year, we 13 Table of Contents treat payment of the loan servicing fee pursuant to our Credit Facility as a pre-payment of the base management fee under the Advisory Agreement. Accordingly, these loan servicing fees are 100% non-contractually, unconditionally, and irrevocably credited back to us by the Adviser. Administration Agreement We reimburse the Administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement for our allocable portion of the Administrator’s expenses incurred while performing services to us, which are primarily rent and salaries and benefits expenses of the Administrator’s employees, including our chief financial officer and treasurer, chief compliance officer, chief valuation officer and co-general counsel and co-secretary (who also serves as the Administrator’s president), and their respective staffs. Our allocable portion of the Administrator’s expenses are generally derived by multiplying the Administrator’s total expenses by the approximate percentage of time during the current quarter the Administrator’s employees performed services for us in relation to their time spent performing services for all companies serviced by the Administrator. On July 10, 2025, our Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not parties to the Administration Agreement or interested persons of either party, approved the renewal of the Administration Agreement through August 31, 2026. Other Transactions Mr. Gladstone also serves on the board of managers of our affiliate, Gladstone Securities, a privately-held broker-dealer registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and insured by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation. Gladstone Securities is 100% indirectly owned and controlled by Mr. Gladstone and has provided other services, such as investment banking and due diligence services, to certain of our portfolio companies, for which Gladstone Securities receives a fee. Any such fees paid by portfolio companies to Gladstone Securities do not impact the fees we pay to the Adviser or the non-contractual, unconditional, and irrevocable credits against the base management fee or incentive fee. For additional information refer to Note 4 — Related Party Transactions of our accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations This is a general summary of certain material U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to us, to our qualification and taxation as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Subchapter M of the Code and to the ownership and disposition of our common stock. This summary does not purport to be a complete description of all of the tax considerations relating thereto. In particular, we have not described certain considerations that may be relevant to certain types of stockholders subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws. This summary does not discuss any aspect of state, local or foreign tax laws, or the U.S. estate or gift tax, and it does not discuss any tax considerations relevant to holders of our preferred stock or Notes. Stockholders and note holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding their particular situations and the possible applicability of federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other tax laws, and any proposed tax law changes. A “U.S. stockholder” is a beneficial owner of our common stock that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: • an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States; • a corporation, or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any state thereof of the District of Columbia; • a trust, if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over its administration and one or more U.S. persons (as defined in the Code) have the authority to control all of its substantial decisions, or if the trust has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a domestic trust for U.S. federal income tax purposes; or • an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source. RIC Status To qualify for treatment as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, we must generally distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90.0% of our taxable ordinary income plus the excess of our realized net short-term capital gains 14 Table of Contents over our realized net long-term capital losses (“Investment Company Taxable Income”). We refer to this as the “annual distribution requirement.” We must also meet several additional requirements, including: • Business Development Company status. At all times during the taxable year, we must maintain our status as a BDC. • Income source requirements. At least 90.0% of our gross income for each taxable year must be from dividends, interest, payments with respect to securities, loans, gains from sales or other dispositions of securities or other income (including certain deemed inclusions) derived with respect to our business of investing in securities, and net income derived from an interest in a qualified publicly traded partnership. • Asset diversification requirements. As of the close of each quarter of our taxable year: (1) at least 50% of the value of our assets must consist of cash, cash items, U.S. government securities, the securities of other regulated investment companies and other securities to the extent that (a) we do not hold more than 10% of the outstanding voting securities of an issuer of such other securities and (b) such other securities of any one issuer do not represent more than 5% of our total assets, and (2) no more than 25% of the value of our total assets may be invested in the securities (other than U.S. government securities or the securities of other regulated investment companies) of (i) one issuer, (ii) two or more issuers that are controlled by us and are engaged in the same or similar or related trades or businesses, and (iii) one or more qualified publicly-traded partnerships. Failure to Qualify as a RIC If we were to fail to meet the income, diversification, or distribution tests described above, we could in some cases cure such failure, including by paying a fund-level tax, paying interest, making additional distributions, or disposing of certain assets. If we were ineligible to or otherwise did not cure such failure, or were otherwise unable to qualify for treatment as a RIC, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on all of our taxable income at the regular corporate income tax rate and would be subject to any applicable state and local taxes, even if we distributed all of our Investment Company Taxable Income to our stockholders. We would not be able to deduct distributions to our stockholders, nor would we be required to make such distributions for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Distributions would be taxable to our stockholders as ordinary dividend income and, subject to certain limitations under the Code, would be eligible for the current maximum rate applicable to qualifying dividend income of individuals and other non-corporate U.S. stockholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. Subject to certain limitations under the Code, corporate distributees would be eligible for the dividends received deduction, if applicable. Distributions in excess of our current and accumulated earnings and profits would be treated first as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder’s adjusted tax basis, and then as capital gain. If we fail to meet the RIC requirements for more than two consecutive years and then seek to requalify as a RIC, we generally would be subject to corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on any unrealized appreciation with respect to our assets unless we make a special election to pay corporate-level U.S. federal income tax on any such unrealized appreciation during the succeeding five-year period. Qualification as a RIC If we qualify as a RIC and meet the annual distribution requirement, we will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the portion of our Investment Company Taxable Income and net capital gain (realized net long term capital gain in excess of realized net short term capital loss) that we timely distribute (or are deemed to timely distribute) to our stockholders. If we fail to distribute in a timely manner an amount at least equal to the sum of (1) 98.0% of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2% of our net capital gains for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year (or November 30 or December 31 of that year if we are permitted to elect and so elect) and (3) any income realized, but not distributed, in the preceding period (to the extent that income tax was not imposed on such amounts), less certain reductions, as applicable (together, the “excise tax distribution requirements”), we will be subject to a 4% nondeductible federal excise tax on the portion of the undistributed amounts of such income that are less than the amounts required to be distributed based on the excise tax distribution requirements. For the calendar year ended December 31, 2024, we incurred $0.1 million in excise taxes. For the calendar years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, we did not incur any excise taxes. If we acquire debt obligations that (i) were originally issued at a discount, (ii) bear interest at rates that are not either fixed rates or certain qualified variable rates, or (iii) are not unconditionally payable at least annually over the life of the obligation, we will be required to include in taxable income each year a portion of the original issue discount (“OID”) that accrues over the life of the obligation. Additionally, PIK interest, which is computed at the contractual rate specified in a loan agreement and is added to the principal balance of a loan, is also a non-cash source of income that we are required to include in taxable income each year. Both OID and PIK income will be included in our Investment Company Taxable Income even though we receive no cash corresponding to such amounts. As a result, we may be required to make 15 Table of Contents additional distributions corresponding to such OID and PIK amounts in order to satisfy the annual distribution requirement and to continue to qualify as a RIC or to avoid the imposition of federal income and excise taxes. In this event, we may be required to sell investments or other assets to meet the RIC distribution requirements. For the year ended September 30, 2025, we recorded $ 0.4 million of OID income and the unamortized balance of OID investments as of September 30, 2025 totaled $ 0.2 million. As of September 30, 2025, we had nine investments which had a PIK interest component and we recorded PIK interest income of $ 5.0 million during the year ended September 30, 2025. Taxation of Our U.S. Stockholders Distributions For any period during which we qualify as a RIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, distributions to our U.S. stockholders attributable to our Investment Company Taxable Income generally will be taxable as ordinary income to our U.S. stockholders to the extent of our current or accumulated earnings and profits. We first allocate our earnings and profits to distributions to our preferred stockholders, if any, and then to distributions to our common stockholders based on priority in our capital structure. Any distributions in excess of our earnings and profits will first be treated as a return of capital to the extent of the stockholder’s adjusted basis in his or her shares of stock and thereafter as capital gain. Distributions of our long-term capital gains, reported by us as such, will be taxable to our stockholders as long-term capital gains regardless of the U.S.  stockholder’s holding period of the stock and whether the distributions are paid in cash or invested in additional stock. Corporate U.S. stockholders generally are eligible for the 50% dividends received deduction with respect to ordinary income dividends received from us, but only to the extent such amount is attributable to dividends received by us from taxable domestic corporations. A RIC that has two or more classes of stock generally is required to allocate to each class proportionate amounts of each type of its income (such as ordinary income, capital gains, qualified dividend income and dividends qualifying for the dividends-received deduction) based upon the percentage of total distributions paid to each class for the tax year. Accordingly, for any tax year in which we have common shares and preferred shares, we intend to allocate capital gain distributions, distributions of qualified dividend income, and distributions qualifying for the dividends-received deduction, if any, between our common shares and preferred shares in proportion to the total distributions paid to each class with respect to such tax year. Any distribution declared by us in October, November or December of any calendar year, payable to our stockholders of record on a specified date in such a month and actually paid during January of the following year, will be treated as if it were paid by us and received by our stockholders on December 31 of the previous year. In addition, we may elect (in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code) to relate a distribution back to the prior taxable year if we (1) declare such distribution prior to the later of the extended due date for filing our return for that taxable year or the 15 th day of the ninth month following the close of the taxable year, (2) make the election in that return, and (3) distribute the amount in the 12-month period following the close of the taxable year but not later than the first regular distribution payment of the same type following the declaration. Any such election will not alter the general rule that a stockholder will be treated as receiving a distribution in the taxable year in which the distribution is made, subject to the October, November, December rule described above. If a common stockholder participates in our “opt in” dividend reinvestment plan, then the common stockholder will have their cash dividends and distributions automatically reinvested in additional shares of our common stock, rather than receiving cash dividends and distributions. Any distributions reinvested under the plan will be taxable to the common stockholder to the same extent, and with the same character, as if the common stockholder had received the distribution in cash. The common stockholder will have an adjusted basis in the additional common shares purchased through the plan equal to the dollar amount that would have been received if the U.S. stockholder had received the dividend or distribution in cash, unless we were to issue new shares that are trading at or above net asset value, in which case, the U.S. stockholder’s basis in the new shares would generally be equal to their fair market value. The additional common shares will have a new holding period commencing on the day following the day on which the shares are credited to the common stockholder’s account. The plan agent purchases shares in the open market in connection with the obligations under the plan. Sale of Our Shares A U.S. stockholder generally will recognize taxable gain or loss if the U.S. stockholder sells or otherwise disposes of the shares of our common stock. Any gain arising from such sale or disposition generally will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. stockholder has held the shares for more than one year. Otherwise, it will be classified as short-term 16 Table of Contents capital gain or loss. However, any capital loss arising from the sale or disposition of shares of our stock held for six months or less will be treated as long-term capital loss to the extent of the amount of capital gain dividends received, or undistributed capital gain deemed received, with respect to such shares. All or a portion of any loss realized upon a taxable disposition of shares will be disallowed under the Code’s “wash sale” rule if other substantially identical shares are purchased within 30 days before or after the disposition. In such a case, the basis of the newly purchased shares will be adjusted to reflect the disallowed loss.Under the tax laws in effect as of the date of this filing, individual U.S. stockholders are subject to a maximum federal income tax rate of 20% on their net capital gain (i.e. the excess of realized net long-term capital gain over realized net short-term capital loss for a taxable year) including any long-term capital gain derived from an investment in our shares. Such rate is lower than the maximum rate on ordinary income currently payable by individuals. Corporate U.S. stockholders currently are subject to federal income tax on net capital gain at the same rates applied to their ordinary income. Capital losses are subject to limitations on use for both corporate and non-corporate stockholders. Certain U.S. stockholders who are individuals, estates or trusts generally are also subject to a 3.8% Medicare tax on, among other things, dividends on and capital gain from the sale or other disposition of shares of our stock. Backup Withholding and Other Required Withholding We may be required to withhold U.S. federal income tax (i.e. backup withholding) from all taxable distributions to any non-corporate U.S. stockholder (i) who fails to furnish us with a correct taxpayer identification number or a certificate that such stockholder is exempt from backup withholding, or (ii) with respect to whom the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) notifies us that such stockholder has failed to properly report certain interest and dividend income to the IRS and to respond to notices to that effect. An individual’s taxpayer identification number is generally his or her social security number. Any amount withheld under backup withholding is allowed as a credit against the U.S. stockholder’s federal income tax liability, provided that proper information is timely provided to the IRS. Sections 1471-1474 of the Code and the U.S. Treasury and IRS guidance issued thereunder (collectively, “FATCA”) generally require that we obtain information sufficient to identify the status of each shareholder under FATCA or under an applicable intergovernmental agreement (an “IGA”) between the United States and a foreign government. If a shareholder fails to provide the requested information or otherwise fails to comply with FATCA or an IGA, we may be required to withhold under FATCA at a rate of 30% with respect to that shareholder on ordinary dividends it pays. The IRS and the Department of Treasury have issued proposed regulations providing that these withholding rules will not apply to the gross proceeds of share redemptions or capital gain dividends we pay. If a payment is subject to FATCA withholding, we are required to withhold even if such payment would otherwise be exempt from withholding under the rules applicable to foreign shareholders described above (e.g., interest-related dividends). In addition, subject to certain exceptions, this legislation also imposes a 30% withholding on payments to foreign entities that are not financial institutions unless the foreign entity certifies that it does not have a greater than 10% U.S. owner or provides the withholding agent with identifying information on each greater than 10% U.S. owner. Depending on the status of a non-U.S. stockholder and the status of the intermediaries through which they hold their shares, non-U.S. stockholders could be subject to this 30% withholding tax with respect to distributions on their shares and proceeds from the sale of their shares. Under certain circumstances, a non-U.S. stockholder might be eligible for refunds or credits of such taxes. Information Reporting We will send to each of our U.S. stockholders, after the end of each calendar year, a notice providing, on a per share and per distribution basis, the amounts includible in the U.S. stockholder’s taxable income for such year as ordinary income and as long-term capital gain, if any. In addition, the U.S. federal tax status of each year’s distributions will generally be reported to the IRS (including the amount of dividends, if any, eligible for the preferential rates applicable to long-term capital gains). Regulation as a BDC We are a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a BDC under Section 54 of the 1940 Act. As such, we are subject to regulation under the 1940 Act. The 1940 Act contains prohibitions and restrictions relating to transactions between BDCs and their affiliates, principal underwriters and affiliates of those affiliates or underwriters and requires that a majority of the directors be persons other than “interested persons,” as defined in the 1940 Act. In addition, the 1940 Act provides that we may not change the nature of our business so as to cease to be, or to withdraw our election as, a BDC unless approved by a “vote of a majority of outstanding voting securities,” as defined in the 1940 Act. 17 Table of Contents In general, a BDC must have been organized and have its principal place of business in the U.S. and must be operated for the purpose of making investments in qualifying assets, as described in Sections 55(a)(1) through (a)(3) of the 1940 Act. Qualifying Assets Under the 1940 Act, a BDC may not acquire any asset other than assets of the type listed in Section 55(a) of the 1940 Act, which are referred to as qualifying assets, unless, at the time the acquisition is made, qualifying assets, other than certain interests in furniture, equipment, real estate, or leasehold improvements (“Operating Assets”) represent at least 70.0% of total assets, exclusive of Operating Assets. The types of qualifying assets in which we may invest under the 1940 Act include the following: (1) Securities purchased in transactions not involving any public offering from the issuer of such securities, which issuer is an eligible portfolio company. An eligible portfolio company is generally defined in the 1940 Act as any issuer which: (a) is organized under the laws of, and has its principal place of business in, any state or states in the U.S.; (b) is not an investment company (other than a small business investment company wholly owned by the BDC or otherwise excluded from the definition of investment company); and (c) satisfies one of the following: (i) it does not have any class of securities with respect to which a broker or dealer may extend margin credit; (ii) it is controlled by the BDC and for which an affiliate of the BDC serves as a director; (iii) it has total assets of not more than $4.0 million and capital and surplus of not less than $2 million; (iv) it does not have any class of securities listed on a national securities exchange; or (v) it has a class of securities listed on a national securities exchange, with an aggregate market value of outstanding voting and non-voting equity of less than $250.0 million. (2) Securities received in exchange for or distributed on or with respect to securities described in (1) above, or pursuant to the exercise of options, warrants or rights relating to such securities. (3) Cash, cash items, government securities or high quality debt securities maturing in one year or less from the time of investment. As of September 30, 2025, 99.1% of our assets were qualifying assets. Asset Coverage Pursuant to Section 61(a)(3) of the 1940 Act, we are permitted to issue multiple classes of “senior securities representing indebtedness.” However, pursuant to Section 18(c) of the 1940 Act, we are permitted to issue only one class of “senior securities that is stock.” In either case, we may only issue such senior securities if such class of senior securities, after such issuance, has an asset coverage, as defined in Section 18(h) of the 1940 Act, of at least 150%. In addition, our ability to pay dividends or distributions (other than dividends payable in our common stock) to holders of any class of our capital stock would be restricted if our “senior securities representing indebtedness” fail to have an asset coverage of at least 150% (measured at the time of declaration of such distribution and accounting for such distribution). The 1940 Act does not apply this limitation to privately arranged debt that is not intended to be publicly distributed, unless this limitation is specifically negotiated by the lender. In addition, our ability to pay dividends or distributions (other than dividends payable in our common stock) to our common stockholders would be restricted if our “senior securities that are stock” fail to have an asset coverage of at least 150% (measured at the time of declaration of such distribution and accounting for such distribution). If the value of our assets declines, we might be unable to satisfy these asset coverage requirements. To satisfy the 150% asset coverage requirement in the event that we are seeking to pay a distribution, we might either have to (i) liquidate a portion of our portfolio to repay a portion of our indebtedness or (ii) issue common stock. This may occur at a time when a sale of a portfolio asset may be disadvantageous, or when we have limited access to capital markets on agreeable terms. In addition, any amounts that we use to service our indebtedness or for offering costs will not be available for distributions to our stockholders. If we are unable to regain the requisite asset coverage through these methods, we may be forced to suspend the payment of such dividends or distributions. 18 Table of Contents Significant Managerial Assistance A BDC generally must make available significant managerial assistance to issuers of certain of its portfolio securities that the BDC counts as a qualifying asset for the 70.0% test described above. Making available significant managerial assistance means, among other things, any arrangement whereby the BDC, through its directors, officers or employees, offers to provide, and, if accepted, does so provide, significant guidance and counsel concerning the management, operations or business objectives and policies of a portfolio company. Significant managerial assistance also includes the exercise of a controlling influence over the management and policies of the portfolio company. However, with respect to certain, but not all such securities, where the BDC purchases such securities in conjunction with one or more other persons acting together, one of the other persons in the group may make available such managerial assistance, or the BDC may exercise such control jointly. Summary

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components that are actively quoted and can be validated to external sources). The level in the fair value hierarchy within which the fair value measurement falls is determined based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Investments in funds measured using NAV as a practical expedient are not categorized within the fair value hierarchy. As of September 30, 2025, all of our investments were valued using Level 3 inputs within the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy, except for our investments in money market funds, which were valued using Level 1 inputs and our investments in Gladstone Alternative Income Fund (“Gladstone Alternative”) and Leeds Novamark Capital I, L.P. (“Leeds”), which were valued using NAV as a practical expedient. As of September 30, 2024, all of our investments were valued using Level 3 inputs within the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy, except for our investments in money market funds, which were valued using Level 1 inputs and our investment in Leeds, which was valued using NAV as a practical expedient. We transfer investments in and out of Level 1, 2, and 3 of the valuation hierarchy as of the beginning balance sheet date, based on changes in the use of observable and unobservable inputs utilized to perform the valuation for the period. During the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, there were no investments transferred into or out of Levels 1, 2 or 3 of the valuation hierarchy. 104 Table of Contents As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, our investments, by security type, at fair value were categorized as follows within the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy: Fair Value Measurements Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Fair Value As of September 30, 2025: Secured first lien debt $ — $ — $ 622,371 $ 622,371 Secured second lien debt — — 150,542 150,542 Unsecured debt — — 333 333 Preferred equity — — 31,214 31,214 Common equity/equivalents — — 49,553 49,553 Total $ — $ — $ 854,013 $ 854,013 Investments measured at NAV (A) — — — 5,111 Total Investments $ — $ — $ 854,013 $ 859,124 Cash Equivalents 31,774 — — 31,774 Total Investments and Cash Equivalents as of September 30, 2025 $ 31,774 $ — $ 854,013 $ 890,898 Fair Value Measurements Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Fair Value As of September 30, 2024: Secured first lien debt $ — $ — $ 554,937 $ 554,937 Secured second lien debt — — 113,716 113,716 Unsecured debt — — 32 32 Preferred equity — — 31,346 31,346 Common equity/equivalents — — 96,191 96,191 Total $ — $ — $ 796,222 $ 796,222 Investments measured at NAV (A) — — — 38 Total Investments $ — $ — $ 796,222 $ 796,260 Cash Equivalents 2,157 — — 2,157 Total Investments and Cash Equivalents as of September 30, 2024 $ 2,157 $ — $ 796,222 $ 798,417 (A) Includes our investments in Gladstone Alternative and Leeds as of September 30, 2025 and our investment in Leeds as of September 30, 2024. Investments that are measured at fair value using NAV as a practical expedient have not been categorized in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented elsewhere in this annual report. 105 Table of Contents The following table presents our portfolio investments, valued using Level 3 inputs within the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy and carried at fair value as of September 30, 2025 and 2024 by caption on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities, and by security type: Total Recurring Fair Value Measurements Reported in Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments Secured first lien debt $ 517,762 $ 540,661 Secured second lien debt 131,750 105,169 Unsecured debt 17 32 Preferred equity 16,794 27,247 Common equity/equivalents 29,958 (A) 77,757 (B) Total Non-Control/Non-Affiliate Investments $ 696,281 $ 750,866 Affiliate Investments Secured first lien debt $ 34,713 $ 380 Preferred equity 9,420 4,099 Common equity/equivalents 4,703 2,959 Total Affiliate Investments $ 48,836 $ 7,438 Control Investments Secured first lien debt $ 69,896 $ 13,896 Secured second lien debt 18,792 8,547 Unsecured debt 316 — Preferred equity 5,000 — Common equity/equivalents 14,892 15,475 Total Control Investments $ 108,896 $ 37,918 Total Investments at Fair Value Using Level 3 Inputs $ 854,013 $ 796,222 (A) Excludes our investments in Gladstone Alternative and Leeds with fair values of $ 5.1 million and $ 36 thousand, respectively, as of September 30, 2025, which were valued using NAV as a practical expedient. (B) Excludes our investment in Leeds with a fair value of $ 38 thousand as of September 30, 2024, which was valued using NAV as a practical expedient. 106 Table of Contents In accordance with ASC 820, the following table provides quantitative information about our Level 3 fair value measurements of our investments as of September 30, 2025 and 2024. The table below is not intended to be all-inclusive, but rather provides information on the significant Level 3 inputs as they relate to our fair value measurements. The weighted average calculations in the table below are based on the principal balances for all debt related calculations and on the cost basis for all equity related calculations for the particular input. Quantitative Information about Level 3 Fair Value Measurements Range / Weighted Average as of September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Valuation Techniques/ Methodologies Unobservable Input September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Secured first lien debt $ 548,670 $ 464,090 Yield Analysis Discount Rate 9.4 %– 19.8 % / 11.7 % 10.8 %– 17.3 % / 12.6 % 73,701 90,847 TEV EBITDA multiple 3.5 x– 8.0 x / 6.0 x 4.1 x– 13.9 x / 10.0 x EBITDA $ 538 –$ 4,655 / $ 3,540 $ 3,020 –$ 16,211 / $ 10,309 Revenue multiple 0.6 x– 0.8 x / 0.7 x 0.2 x– 4.6 x / 2.1 x Revenue $ 10,844 –$ 21,649 / $ 15,090 $ 6,336 –$ 21,118 / $ 13,981 Secured second lien debt 141,750 101,928 Yield Analysis Discount Rate 11.4 %– 15.2 % / 13.1 % 12.2 %— 16.0 % / 14.1 % — 3,241 Market Quote IBP N/A 88.0 %– 88.0 % / 88.0 % 8,792 8,547 TEV EBITDA multiple 5.4 x– 5.4 x / 5.4 x 5.4 x– 5.4 x / 5.4 x EBITDA $ 2,345 –$ 2,345 / $ 2,345 $ 3,343 –$ 3,343 / $ 3,343 Unsecured debt 333 32 TEV EBITDA multiple 8.0 x– 8.0 x / 8.0 x 0.0 x– 0.0 x / 0.0 x EBITDA $ 3,804 –$ 3,804 / $ 3,804 $ 0 –$ 0 / $ 0 Revenue multiple 0.9 x– 0.9 x / 0.9 x 1.0 x– 1.0 x / 1.0 x Revenue $ 4,846 –$ 4,846 / $ 4,846 $ 7,834 –$ 7,834 / $ 7,834 Preferred and common equity / equivalents (A) 80,767 127,537 TEV EBITDA multiple 3.5 x– 14.6 x / 6.8 x 4.1 x– 13.9 x / 8.0 x EBITDA $ 538 –$ 142,549 / $ 10,222 $ 1,182 –$ 144,458 / $ 10,847 Revenue multiple 0.6 x– 0.9 x / 0.7 x 0.2 x– 4.6 x / 2.0 x Revenue $ 4,846 –$ 21,649 / $ 12,394 $ 4,672 –$ 21,118 / $ 12,587 Total Level 3 Investments, at Fair Value $ 854,013 $ 796,222 (A) Fair value as of September 30, 2025 includes one proprietary equity investment totaling $ 2.2 million, which was valued using the payoff amount as the unobservable input. Fair value as of September 30, 2025 excludes our investments in Gladstone Alternative and Leeds with fair values of $ 5.1 million and $ 36 thousand, respectively, which were valued using NAV as a practical expedient. Fair value as of September 30, 2024 excludes our investment in Leeds with a fair value of $ 38 thousand, which was valued using NAV as a practical expedient. Fair value measurements can be sensitive to changes in one or more of the valuation inputs. Changes in discount rates, EBITDA or EBITDA multiples (or revenue or revenue multiples), each in isolation, may change the fair value of certain of our investments. Generally, an increase/(decrease) in market yields, discount rates, or a (decrease)/increase in EBITDA or EBITDA multiples (or revenue or revenue multiples) may result in a (decrease)/increase, respectively, in the fair value of certain of our investments. 107 Table of Contents Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements of Investments The following tables provide the changes in fair value, broken out by security type, during the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024 for all investments for which we determine fair value using unobservable (Level 3) inputs. Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Year Ended September 30, 2025 Secured First Lien Debt Secured Second Lien Debt Unsecured Debt Preferred Equity Common Equity/ Equivalents Total Fair Value as of September 30, 2024 $ 554,937 $ 113,716 $ 32 $ 31,346 $ 96,191 $ 796,222 Total gains (losses): Net realized gain (loss) (A) ( 8,513 ) — — ( 946 ) 64,827 55,368 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (B) ( 7,573 ) 285 ( 56 ) 6,510 7,179 6,345 Reversal of prior period net depreciation (appreciation) on realization (B) 9,612 295 — 946 ( 60,010 ) ( 49,157 ) New investments, repayments and settlements: (C) Issuances/originations 322,603 57,958 357 12,762 3,026 396,706 Settlements/repayments ( 240,195 ) ( 21,712 ) — — — ( 261,907 ) Net proceeds from sales — — — ( 19,404 ) ( 70,160 ) ( 89,564 ) Transfers ( 8,500 ) — — — 8,500 — Fair Value as of September 30, 2025 $ 622,371 $ 150,542 $ 333 $ 31,214 $ 49,553 $ 854,013 Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Year Ended September 30, 2024 Secured First Lien Debt Secured Second Lien Debt Unsecured Debt Preferred Equity Common Equity/ Equivalents Total Fair Value as of September 30, 2023 $ 510,701 $ 127,854 $ 24 $ 26,855 $ 39,128 $ 704,562 Total gains (losses): Net realized gain (loss) (A) ( 50 ) — — 332 1,724 2,006 Net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) (B) ( 7,071 ) 2,445 8 ( 5,039 ) 52,781 43,124 Reversal of prior period net depreciation (appreciation) on realization (B) ( 53 ) ( 22 ) — 130 ( 283 ) ( 228 ) New investments, repayments and settlements: (C) Issuances/originations 131,462 36,978 — 10,150 4,585 183,175 Settlements/repayments ( 80,102 ) ( 53,539 ) — — — ( 133,641 ) Net proceeds from sales 50 — — ( 1,082 ) ( 1,744 ) ( 2,776 ) Transfers — — — — — — Fair Value as of September 30, 2024 $ 554,937 $ 113,716 $ 32 $ 31,346 $ 96,191 $ 796,222 (A) Included in net realized gain (loss) on investments on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the corresponding period. (B) Included in net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) on investments on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the corresponding period. (C) Includes increases in the cost basis of investments resulting from new portfolio investments, accretion of discounts, PIK, and other non-cash disbursements to portfolio companies, as well as decreases in the cost basis of investments resulting from principal repayments or sales, the amortization of premiums and acquisition costs and other cost-basis adjustments. 108 Table of Contents Investment Activity Proprietary Investments As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, we held 54 and 47 proprietary investments with an aggregate fair value of $ 859.1 million and $ 792.9 million, or 100.0 % and 99.6 % of the total portfolio at fair value, respectively. The following significant proprietary investment transactions occurred during the year ended September 30, 2025: • In October 2024, our $ 15.0 million debt investment in Perimeter Solutions Group paid off at par.  We also received a $ 0.5 million prepayment penalty in conjunction with the payoff. • In October 2024, our investment in Antenna Research Associates, Inc. was sold, which resulted in a net realized gain on our common equity of approximately $ 59.3 million and the repayment of our debt investment of $ 31.3 million at par. • In November 2024, we invested an additional $ 28.9 million in Giving Home Healthcare, LLC (“Giving Home”), an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt.  In June 2025, we invested an additional $ 7.0 million in Giving Home through secured first lien debt. • In November 2024, we invested $ 10.5 million in Wings ‘N More Restaurants, LLC (“Wings”) through secured first lien debt.  We also extended Wings a $ 1.5 million secured first lien line of credit commitment and a $ 5.0 million secured first lien delayed draw term loan commitment, both of which were unfunded at close. • In November 2024, our $ 22.3 million debt investment in ENET Holdings, LLC paid off at par. • In December 2024, we invested $ 42.8 million in Vet’s Choice Radiology, LLC through secured first lien debt. • In December 2024, we invested $ 28.9 million in Pan-Am Dental, LLC through secured second lien debt and preferred equity. • In December 2024, we invested $ 15.0 million in Freedom Dental Management, Inc. through secured first lien  debt. • In December 2024, we invested $ 5.0 million in Tube Bending Technology, LLC through secured second lien  debt. • In December 2024, we invested $ 5.0 million in Gladstone Alternative, one of our affiliated funds, through common equity. • In December 2024, our investment in Salt and Straw, LLC, paid off which resulted in a realized gain of approximately $ 2.5 million on our preferred equity and the repayment of our debt investment of $ 10.9 million at par.   We also received a $ 0.1 million prepayment penalty in conjunction with the payoff.  We continue to hold warrants for common equity in Salt and Straw, LLC. • In December 2024, we sold our debt investments in DKI Ventures, LLC, which resulted in a net realized loss on our debt of approximately $ 4.1 million. • In January 2025, our $ 20.6 million debt investment in Fix-It Group, LLC paid off at par. We also received a $ 0.1 million prepayment penalty. • In January 2025, our $ 5.4 million debt investment in Sokol and Company, LLC (“Sokol”) paid off at par. Additionally, in February 2025, a portion of our common equity investment in Sokol was sold, representing a return of our equity cost basis of $ 1.1 million and a realized gain of $ 4.7 million. • In February 2025, we invested $ 18.9 million in Dutch Gold Honey, Inc. through secured second lien debt and common equity. • In February 2025, we invested $ 19.4 million in Viron International, LLC through secured first lien debt and common equity. • In March 2025, we received a $ 6.0 million partial repayment on our debt investment in Viva Railings, LLC. • In March 2025, we exited our investment in MCG Energy Solutions, LLC, which resulted in a realized gain on our preferred equity investment of approximately $ 3.0 million and the repayment of our debt investment of $ 20.4 million at par. • In April 2025, our $ 42.2 million debt investment in SpaceCo Holdings, LLC paid off at par. • In April 2025, our investment in Eegees, LLC was restructured as part of the bankruptcy process resulting in a new $ 12.8 million first lien debt investment and a new $ 8.5 million common equity investment in Eegee Acquisition Corporation.  In conjunction with the restructuring, we recorded a net realized loss of approximately $ 4.4 million. • In May 2025, we invested $ 46.0 million in Altior Healthcare, LLC through secured first lien debt. • In June 2025, our $ 36.1 million debt investment in Cafe Zupas paid off at par. We also received a $ 0.4 million prepayment penalty in conjunction with the payoff. • In June 2025, we invested $ 12.6 million in RF Technologies, LLC through secured first lien debt.  We also extended RF Technologies, LLC a $ 3.5 million secured first lien line of credit commitment. • In July 2025, we invested $ 25.0 million in MASSiv Brands, LLC through secured first lien debt. 109 Table of Contents • In July 2025, we invested $ 15.0 million in Alsay Incorporated through secured second lien debt and preferred equity. • In July 2025, we invested $ 23.7 million in Snif-Snax, LLC through secured first lien debt and preferred equity. • In July 2025, we invested $ 13.0 million in Zero Case Holding Inc. through secured first lien debt and common equity. We also extended this business a $ 4.0 million secured first lien line of credit commitment, which was unfunded at close. • In August 2025, we invested an additional $ 16.6 million in OCI, LLC, an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt and common equity. • In August 2025, we invested $ 30.0 million in Foodservices Brand Group (“FBG”) through secured first lien debt.  We also extended FBG a $ 10.0 million secured first lien line of credit commitment, which was unfunded at close. • In September 2025, we recorded a realized loss of $ 6.4 million on our equity investment in FES Resources Holdings, LLC. • In September 2025, our $ 15.4 million debt investment in Ohio Armor Holdings, LLC paid off at par.  We continue to hold a common equity investment in Ohio Armor Holdings, LLC. Syndicated Investments As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, we held one and two syndicated investments with an aggregate fair value of less than $ 0.1 million and $ 3.3 million, or less than 0.1 % and 0.4 % of the total portfolio at fair value, respectively. The following significant syndicated investment transaction occurred during the year ended September 30, 2025: • In July 2025, our $ 3.7 million debt investment in 8th Avenue Food & Provisions, Inc. paid off at par. Investment Concentrations As of September 30, 2025, our investment portfolio consisted of investments in 55 portfolio companies located in 22 states in 16 different industries, with an aggregate fair value of $ 859.1 million. The five largest investments at fair value as of September 30, 2025 totaled $ 196.5 million, or 22.9 % of our total investment portfolio, as compared to the five largest investments at fair value as of September 30, 2024 totaling $ 232.7 million, or 29.2 % of our total investment portfolio. As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, our average investment by obligor was $ 15.9 million and $ 15.7 million at cost, respectively. The following table outlines our investments by security type as of September 30, 2025 and 2024: September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Cost Fair Value Cost Fair Value Secured first lien debt $ 646,131 73.7 % $ 622,371 72.4 % $ 580,736 75.3 % $ 554,937 69.7 % Secured second lien debt 149,937 17.1 150,542 17.5 113,691 14.8 113,716 14.3 Unsecured debt 555 0.1 333 0.1 198 0.0 32 0.0 Total debt investments 796,623 90.9 773,246 90.0 694,625 90.1 668,685 84.0 Preferred equity 37,429 4.3 31,214 3.6 45,017 5.8 31,346 3.9 Common equity/equivalents 42,562 4.8 54,664 6.4 31,369 4.1 96,229 12.1 Total equity investments 79,991 9.1 85,878 10.0 76,386 9.9 127,575 16.0 Total Investments $ 876,614 100.0 % $ 859,124 100.0 % $ 771,011 100.0 % $ 796,260 100.0 % 110 Table of Contents Our investments at fair value consisted of the following industry classifications as of September 30, 2025 and 2024: Industry Classification September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments Healthcare, Education, and Childcare $ 273,262 31.8 % $ 101,707 12.8 % Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing 202,466 23.6 160,264 20.1 Diversified/Conglomerate Service 152,042 17.7 179,032 22.5 Beverage, Food, and Tobacco 54,605 6.4 88,327 11.1 Home and Office Furnishings, Housewares and Durable Consumer Products 30,000 3.5 — — Automobile 27,361 3.2 28,286 3.6 Machinery 26,381 3.1 21,816 2.7 Personal, Food, and Miscellaneous Services 23,700 2.7 — — Cargo Transportation 20,000 2.3 20,200 2.5 Oil and Gas 17,512 2.0 20,554 2.6 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products 13,866 1.6 13,586 1.7 Printing and Publishing 5,809 0.7 4,312 0.5 Aerospace and Defense 1,184 0.1 153,096 19.2 Other, < 2.0% 10,936 1.3 5,080 0.7 Total Investments $ 859,124 100.0 % $ 796,260 100.0 % Our investments at fair value were included in the following U.S. geographic regions as of September 30, 2025 and 2024: Location September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments Fair Value Percentage of Total Investments South $ 287,371 33.5 % $ 314,010 39.4 % Midwest 237,417 27.6 192,897 24.2 West 233,564 27.2 249,082 31.3 Northeast 100,772 11.7 40,271 5.1 Total Investments $ 859,124 100.0 % $ 796,260 100.0 % The geographic composition indicates the location of the headquarters for our portfolio companies. A portfolio company may have additional locations in other geographic regions. 111 Table of Contents Investment Principal Repayments The following table summarizes the contractual principal repayment and maturity of our investment portfolio by fiscal year, assuming no voluntary prepayments, as of September 30, 2025: Year Ending September 30, Amount 2026 (A) $ 58,434 2027 157,554 2028 222,265 2029 139,336 2030 209,608 Thereafter 10,000 Total contractual repayments $ 797,197 Adjustments to cost basis of debt investments ( 574 ) Investments in equity securities 79,991 Investments held as of September 30, 2025 at cost: $ 876,614 (A) Includes debt investments with contractual principal amounts totaling $ 0.5 million for which the maturity date has passed as of September 30, 2025. Receivables from Portfolio Companies Receivables from portfolio companies represent non-recurring costs incurred on behalf of such portfolio companies and are included in other assets on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. We generally maintain an allowance for uncollectible receivables from portfolio companies when the receivable balance becomes 90 days or more past due or if it is determined, based upon management’s judgment, that the portfolio company is unable to pay its obligations. We write-off accounts receivable when we have exhausted collection efforts and have deemed the receivables uncollectible. As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, we had gross receivables from portfolio companies of $ 2.4 million and $ 1.7 million, respectively. The allowance for uncollectible receivables was $ 52 thousand and $ 75 thousand as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. NOTE 4. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS Transactions with the Adviser We have been externally managed by the Adviser pursuant to the Advisory Agreement since October 1, 2004 pursuant to which we pay the Adviser a base management fee and an incentive fee for its services.  On July 10, 2025, our Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not parties to the Advisory Agreement or interested persons of us or the Adviser, unanimously approved the renewal of the Advisory Agreement through August 31, 2026. We also pay the Adviser a loan servicing fee for its role of servicer pursuant to our Credit Facility. The entire loan servicing fee paid to the Adviser by Business Loan is non-contractually, unconditionally and irrevocably credited against the base management fee otherwise payable to the Adviser, since Business Loan is a consolidated subsidiary of ours, and overall, the base management fee (including any loan servicing fee) cannot exceed 1.75 % of total assets (including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings) during any given fiscal year pursuant to the Advisory Agreement. David Gladstone (our chairman and chief executive officer) serves as a director and executive officer of the Adviser, which, as of September 30, 2025, is 100 % indirectly owned by Mr. Gladstone. Robert Marcotte (our president) also serves as executive vice president of private equity of the Adviser.  Michael LiCalsi, our chief administrative officer, co-general counsel, and co-secretary, also serves in the same roles for our Adviser and Administrator (in addition to serving as president of our Administrator).  Erich Hellmold, our co-general counsel and co-secretary, also serves in the same roles for our Adviser and Administrator. 112 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the base management fee, incentive fee, and loan servicing fee and associated non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits reflected in our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations: Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2023 Average total assets subject to base management fee (A)(B) $ 794,857 $ 777,657 $ 685,600 Multiplied by annual base management fee of 1.75 % 1.75 % 1.75 % 1.75 % Base management fee (C) 13,910 13,609 11,998 Portfolio company fee credit ( 5,593 ) ( 2,866 ) ( 3,263 ) Syndicated loan fee credit ( 37 ) ( 101 ) ( 126 ) Net Base Management Fee $ 8,280 $ 10,642 $ 8,609 Loan servicing fee (C) $ 8,888 $ 8,862 $ 8,053 Credit to base management fee - loan servicing fee (C) ( 8,888 ) ( 8,862 ) ( 8,053 ) Net Loan Servicing Fee $ — $ — $ — Incentive fee (C) $ 10,486 $ 11,410 $ 10,255 Incentive fee credit ( 2,344 ) ( 204 ) — Net Incentive Fee $ 8,142 $ 11,206 $ 10,255 Portfolio company fee credit $ ( 5,593 ) $ ( 2,866 ) $ ( 3,263 ) Syndicated loan fee credit ( 37 ) ( 101 ) ( 126 ) Incentive fee credit ( 2,344 ) ( 204 ) — Credit to Fees from Adviser—Other (C) $ ( 7,974 ) $ ( 3,171 ) $ ( 3,389 ) (A) Average total assets subject to the base management fee is defined in the Advisory Agreement as total assets, including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings, valued at the end of the two most recently completed quarters within the respective years and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period. (B) Excludes our investment in Gladstone Alternative valued at the end of the applicable periods. (C) Reflected as a line item on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. Base Management Fee The base management fee is payable quarterly to the Adviser pursuant to our Advisory Agreement and is assessed at an annual rate of 1.75 %, computed on the basis of the value of our average total assets at the end of the two most recently-completed quarters (inclusive of the current quarter), which are total assets, including investments made with proceeds of borrowings, less any uninvested cash or cash equivalents resulting from borrowings and adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period. Additionally, pursuant to the requirements of the 1940 Act, the Adviser makes available significant managerial assistance to our portfolio companies. The Adviser may also provide other services to our portfolio companies under certain agreements and may receive fees for services other than managerial assistance. Such services may include: (i) assistance obtaining, sourcing or structuring credit facilities, long term loans or additional equity from unaffiliated third parties; (ii) negotiating important contractual financial relationships; (iii) consulting services regarding restructuring of the portfolio company and financial modeling as it relates to raising additional debt and equity capital from unaffiliated third parties; and (iv) taking a primary role in interviewing, vetting and negotiating employment contracts with candidates in connection with adding and retaining key portfolio company management team members. The Adviser non-contractually, unconditionally, and irrevocably credits 100 % of any fees for such services against the base management fee that we would otherwise be required to pay to the Adviser. Our Board of Directors accepted a non-contractual, unconditional, and irrevocable credit from the Adviser to reduce the annual base management fee on syndicated loan participations to 0.5 %, to the extent that proceeds resulting from 113 Table of Contents borrowings were used to purchase such syndicated loan participations, for each of the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024. Loan Servicing Fee The Adviser also services the loans held by Business Loan (the borrower under the Credit Facility), in return for which the Adviser receives a 1.5 % annual fee payable monthly based on the aggregate outstanding balance of loans pledged under our Credit Facility. As discussed in the notes to the table above, we treat payment of the loan servicing fee pursuant to the Credit Facility as a pre-payment of the base management fee under the Advisory Agreement. Accordingly, these loan servicing fees are 100 % non-contractually, unconditionally and irrevocably credited back to us by the Adviser. Incentive Fee The incentive fee consists of two parts: an income-based incentive fee and a capital gains-based incentive fee. The income-based incentive fee rewards the Adviser if our quarterly net investment income (before giving effect to any incentive fee) exceeds 1.75 % ( 2.0 % during the period from April 1, 2020 through March 31, 2023) of our net assets, which we define as total assets less indebtedness and before taking into account any incentive fees payable or contractually due but not payable during the period, at the end of the immediately preceding calendar quarter, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period (the “hurdle rate”). The income-based incentive fee with respect to our pre-incentive fee net investment income is generally payable quarterly to the Adviser and is computed as follows: • no incentive fee in any calendar quarter in which our pre-incentive fee net investment income does not exceed the hurdle rate; • 100.0 % of our pre-incentive fee net investment income with respect to that portion of such pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds the hurdle rate but is less than 2.1875 % ( 2.50 % from April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023) of our net assets, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period, in any calendar quarter; and • 20.0 % of the amount of our pre-incentive fee net investment income, if any, that exceeds 2.1875 % ( 2.50 % from April 1, 2022 through March 31, 2023) of our net assets, adjusted appropriately for any share issuances or repurchases during the period, in any calendar quarter. The second part of the incentive fee is a capital gains-based incentive fee that is determined and payable in arrears as of the end of each fiscal year (or upon termination of the Advisory Agreement, as of the termination date) and equals 20.0 % of our “net realized capital gains” (as defined herein) as of the end of the fiscal year. In determining the capital gains-based incentive fee payable to the Adviser, we calculate “net realized capital gains” at the end of each applicable year by subtracting the sum of our cumulative aggregate realized capital losses and our entire portfolio’s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation from our cumulative aggregate realized capital gains. For this purpose, cumulative aggregate realized capital gains, if any, equals the sum of the differences between the net sales price of each investment, when sold, and the original cost of such investment since inception. Cumulative aggregate realized capital losses equals the sum of the amounts by which the net sales price of each investment, when sold, is less than the original cost of such investment since inception. The entire portfolio’s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any, equals the sum of the difference between the valuation of each investment as of the applicable calculation date and the original cost of such investment. At the end of the applicable fiscal year, the amount of capital gains that serves as the basis for our calculation of the capital gains-based incentive fee equals the cumulative aggregate realized capital gains less cumulative aggregate realized capital losses, less the entire portfolio’s aggregate unrealized capital depreciation, if any. If this number is positive at the end of such fiscal year, then the capital gains-based incentive fee for such year equals 20.0 % of such amount, less the aggregate amount of any capital gains-based incentive fees paid in respect of our portfolio in all prior years. No capital gains-based incentive fee has been recorded or paid since our inception through September 30, 2025, as cumulative unrealized capital depreciation has exceeded cumulative realized capital gains net of cumulative realized capital losses. In accordance with GAAP, a capital gains-based incentive fee accrual is calculated using the aggregate cumulative realized capital gains and losses and aggregate cumulative unrealized capital appreciation and depreciation. If such amount is positive at the end of a period, then GAAP requires us to record a capital gains- based incentive fee equal to 20.0 % of such amount, less the aggregate amount of actual capital gains-based incentive fees paid in all prior years. If such amount is negative, then there is no accrual for such period. GAAP requires that the capital gains-based incentive fee accrual consider the cumulative aggregate unrealized capital appreciation in the calculation, as a capital gains-based incentive fee would be payable if such unrealized capital appreciation were realized. There can be no assurance that such unrealized capital 114 Table of Contents appreciation will be realized in the future. No GAAP accrual for a capital gains-based incentive fee has been recorded from our inception through September 30, 2025. Our Board of Directors accepted non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits from the Adviser to reduce the income-based incentive fee to the extent net investment income did not 100.0 % cover distributions to common stockholders for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, which credits totaled $ 2.3 million and $ 0.2 million, respectively.  There were no such credits during the year ended September 30, 2023. Transactions with the Administrator We have entered into the Administration Agreement with the Administrator to provide administrative services. We reimburse the Administrator pursuant to the Administration Agreement for the portion of expenses the Administrator incurs while performing services for us. The Administrator’s expenses are primarily rent and the salaries, benefits and expenses of the Administrator’s employees, including: our chief financial officer and treasurer, chief compliance officer, chief valuation officer, and co-general counsels and co-secretaries and their respective staffs. David Gladstone (our chairman and chief executive officer) serves as a member of the board of managers and executive officer of the Administrator, which, as of September 30, 2025, is 100 % indirectly owned and controlled by Mr. Gladstone. Mr. LiCalsi, our chief administrative officer, co-general counsel and co-secretary, also serves in the same roles for our Adviser and Administrator (in addition to serving as president of our Administrator).  Mr. Hellmold, our co-general counsel and co-secretary also serves in the same roles for our Adviser and Administrator. Our allocable portion of the Administrator’s expenses is generally derived by multiplying the Administrator’s total expenses by the approximate percentage of time during the current quarter the Administrator’s employees performed services for us in relation to their time spent performing services for all companies serviced by the Administrator. On July 10, 2025, our Board of Directors, including a majority of the directors who are not parties to the Administration Agreement or interested persons of either party, approved the renewal of the Administration Agreement through August 31, 2026. Other Transactions Gladstone Securities, LLC (“Gladstone Securities”), a privately-held broker-dealer registered with the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority and insured by the Securities Investor Protection Corporation, which is 100 % indirectly owned and controlled by Mr. Gladstone, our chairman and chief executive officer, has provided other services, such as investment banking and due diligence services, to certain of our portfolio companies, for which Gladstone Securities receives a fee. Any such fees paid by portfolio companies to Gladstone Securities do not impact the fees we pay to the Adviser or the non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits against the base management fee or incentive fee. Gladstone Securities received fees from portfolio companies totaling $ 1.1 million, $ 0.4 million, and $ 0.8 million during the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, respectively. We entered into a dealer manager agreement (the “Dealer Manager Agreement”) with Gladstone Securities pursuant to which Gladstone Securities serves as our exclusive dealer manager in connection with the offering of our Series A Preferred Stock (as defined in Note 6 —Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock Offering ).  Under the Dealer Manager Agreement, Gladstone Securities  provides certain sales, promotional and marketing services to us in connection with the offering of the Series A Preferred Stock (the “Series A Offering”), and we pay Gladstone Securities (i) selling commissions of up to 7.0 % of the gross proceeds from sales of Series A Preferred Stock in the offering, and (ii) a dealer manager fee of up to 3.0 % of the gross proceeds from sales of Series A Preferred Stock in the offering. Gladstone Securities may, in its sole discretion, reallow a portion of the dealer manager fee to participating broker-dealers in support of the Series A Offering. The terms of the Dealer Manager Agreement were approved by our board of directors, including its independent directors. During the years ended September 30, 2025, and 2024, respectively, we paid Gladstone Securities selling commissions and dealer manager fees totaling $ 1.3 million and $ 0.9 million related to the offering of Series A Preferred Stock, which are netted against gross proceeds from the sales. There were no such fees paid during the year ended September 30, 2023. Investment in Affiliated Fund In December 2024, we invested in Gladstone Alternative, one of our affiliated funds, that is a registered, non-diversified, closed-end management investment company that operates as an interval fund. The fair value of the investment in Gladstone Alternative is excluded from the average total assets subject to base management fee for the purposes of calculating the base management fee we pay to the Adviser. 115 Table of Contents Related Party Fees Due Amounts due to related parties on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities were as follows: September 30, 2025 September 30, 2024 Base management fee due to (from) Adviser $ ( 408 ) $ 809 Loan servicing fee due to Adviser 551 509 Incentive fee due to (from) Adviser 2,778 2,571 Total fees due to (from) Adviser 2,921 3,889 Fee due to Administrator 610 569 Total Related Party Fees Due $ 3,531 $ 4,458 In addition to the above fees, other operating expenses due to the Adviser as of September 30, 2025 and 2024 totaled $ 0.1 million and $ 52 thousand, respectively. In addition, net expenses payable to Gladstone Investment Corporation (for reimbursement purposes), which includes certain co-investment expenses, totaled $ 52 thousand and $ 75 thousand as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. These amounts are generally settled in the quarter subsequent to being incurred and are included in other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2025 and 2024. NOTE 5. BORROWINGS Revolving Line of Credit On May 13, 2021, we, through Business Loan, entered into a sixth amended and restated credit agreement with KeyBank as administrative agent, lead arranger, managing agent and lender, the Adviser, as servicer, and certain other lenders party thereto (the “Credit Facility”). On June 23, 2025, we, through Business Loan, entered into Amendment No. 9 to the Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2025, our Credit Facility had a total commitment amount of $ 320.0 million with an “accordion” feature that permits us to increase the size of the facility to $ 400.0 million. The Credit Facility has a revolving period end date of October 31, 2027 and a final maturity date of October 31, 2029 (at which time all principal and interest will be due and payable if the Credit Facility is not extended by the revolving period end date). The interest rate margin is 2.60 % during the revolving period and 3.10 % thereafter. The following tables summarize noteworthy information related to our Credit Facility: As of September 30, 2025 2024 Commitment amount $ 320,000 $ 293,659 Borrowings outstanding, at cost — 70,600 Availability (A) 307,467 200,381 Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2023 Weighted average borrowings outstanding, at cost $ 40,212 $ 70,572 $ 133,692 Weighted average interest rate (B) 13.8 % 11.0 % 8.0 % Commitment (unused) fees incurred $ 2,575 $ 1,696 $ 624 (A) Available borrowings are subject to various constraints imposed under our Credit Facility, based on the aggregate loan balance pledged by Business Loan, which varies as loans are added and repaid, regardless of whether such repayments are prepayments or made as contractually required. (B) Includes unused commitment fees and excludes the impact of deferred financing costs. 116 Table of Contents Our Credit Facility also requires that any interest or principal payments on pledged loans be remitted directly by the borrower into a lockbox account with KeyBank. KeyBank is also the trustee of the account and generally remits the collected funds to us once each month. Amounts collected in the lockbox account with KeyBank are presented as Due from administrative agent on the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2025 and 2024. Our Credit Facility contains covenants that require Business Loan to maintain its status as a separate legal entity, prohibit certain significant corporate transactions (such as mergers, consolidations, liquidations or dissolutions), and restrict material changes to our credit and collection policies without the lenders’ consent. Our Credit Facility also generally limits distributions to our stockholders on a fiscal year basis to the sum of our net investment income, net capital gains and amounts elected to have been paid during the prior year in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code. Business Loan is also subject to certain limitations on the type of loan investments it can apply as collateral towards the borrowing base to receive additional borrowing availability under our Credit Facility, including restrictions on geographic concentrations, sector concentrations, loan size, payment frequency and status, average life and lien property. Our Credit Facility further requires Business Loan to comply with other financial and operational covenants, which obligate Business Loan to, among other things, maintain certain financial ratios, including asset and interest coverage and a minimum number of 25 obligors required in the borrowing base. Additionally, we are required to maintain (i) a minimum net worth (defined in our Credit Facility to include any outstanding mandatorily redeemable preferred stock) of $ 500.0 million plus 50.0 % of all equity and subordinated debt raised after June 23, 2025 less 50 % of any equity and subordinated debt retired or redeemed after June 23, 2025, which equates to $ 581.0 million as of September 30, 2025, (ii) asset coverage with respect to “senior securities representing indebtedness” of at least 150 % (or such percentage as may be set forth in Section 18 of the 1940 Act, as modified by Section 61 of the 1940 Act), and (iii) our status as a BDC under the 1940 Act and as a RIC under the Code. As of September 30, 2025, and as defined in our Credit Facility, we had a net worth of $ 877.9 million, asset coverage on our “senior securities representing indebtedness” of 219.8 %, calculated in accordance with the requirements of Section 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act, and an active status as a BDC and RIC. In addition, we had 34 obligors in our Credit Facility’s borrowing base as of September 30, 2025. As of September 30, 2025, we were in compliance with all of our Credit Facility covenants. Fair Value We elected to apply the fair value option of ASC 825, “Financial Instruments,” specifically for the Credit Facility, which was consistent with our application of ASC 820 to our investments. Generally, the fair value of our Credit Facility is determined using a yield analysis which includes a DCF calculation and the assumptions that the Valuation Team believes market participants would use, including the estimated remaining life, counterparty credit risk, current market yield and interest rate spreads of similar securities as of the measurement date. As of September 30, 2025, the discount rate used to determine the fair value of our Credit Facility was one-month Term SOFR, plus 2.60 % per annum, plus a 1.00 % unused commitment fee. As of September 30, 2024, the discount rate used to determine the fair value of our Credit Facility was one-month Term SOFR, plus 3.10 % per annum, plus a 1.00 % unused commitment fee. Generally, an increase or decrease in the discount rate used in the DCF calculation may result in a corresponding decrease or increase, respectively, in the fair value of our Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2025 and 2024, our Credit Facility was valued using Level 3 inputs and any changes in its fair value are recorded in net unrealized depreciation (appreciation) of other on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. The following tables present our Credit Facility carried at fair value as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities for Level 3 of the hierarchy established by ASC 820 and the changes in fair value of our Credit Facility during the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024: Total Recurring Fair Value Measurement Reported in Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities Using Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) As of September 30, 2025 2024 Credit Facility $ — $ 70,600 117 Table of Contents Fair Value Measurements Using Significant Unobservable Data Inputs (Level 3) Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Fair value as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively $ 70,600 $ 47,800 Borrowings 332,000 221,200 Repayments ( 402,600 ) ( 198,400 ) Net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation (A) — — Fair Value as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively $ — $ 70,600 (A) Included in net unrealized (appreciation) depreciation of other on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024. The fair value of the collateral under our Credit Facility totaled approximately $ 754.6 million and $ 714.4 million as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Notes Payable The indenture relating to the 7.75 % Notes due 2028 (the “2028 Notes”), 3.75 % Notes due 2027 (the “2027 Notes”), and 5.125 % Notes due 2026 (the “2026 Notes”) contains certain covenants, including (i) an inability to incur additional debt or issue additional debt or preferred securities unless the Company’s asset coverage meets the threshold specified in the 1940 Act after such borrowing, (ii) an inability to declare any dividend or distribution (except a dividend payable in our stock) on a class of our capital stock or to purchase shares of our capital stock unless the Company’s asset coverage meets the threshold specified in the 1940 Act at the time of (and giving effect to) such declaration or purchase, and (iii) if, at any time, we are not subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, we will provide the holders of the 2028 Notes, the 2027 Notes, and the 2026 Notes, as applicable, and the trustee with audited annual consolidated financial statements and unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. The indenture relating to the 5.875 % Convertible Notes due 2030 (the “2030 Convertible Notes”) similarly contains certain covenants including (i) an inability to incur additional debt or issue additional debt or preferred securities unless the Company’s asset coverage meets the threshold specified in the 1940 Act after such borrowing and (ii) that we will file with the trustee any documents or reports that we are required to file with the SEC pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act within 15 days after the same are required to be filed with the SEC; provided that any documents filed by us with the SEC via the EDGAR system will be deemed to be filed with the trustee. The 2030 Convertible Notes, 2028 Notes, 2027 Notes, and 2026 Notes are recorded at the aggregate principal amount, plus applicable premiums, less discounts and offering costs, on our Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. 2030 Convertible Notes In September 2025, we completed an offering of $ 149.5 million aggregate principal amount of 2030 Convertible Notes for net proceeds of approximately $ 142.8 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses borne by us.  The 2030 Notes will mature on October 1, 2030, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased.  The 2030 Notes bear interest at a rate of 5.875 % per year. Interest is payable semi-annually on April 1 and October 1 of each year beginning April 1, 2026 (which equates to approximately $ 8.8 million per year). At any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding October 1, 2030, holders may convert all or any portion of their 2030 Convertible Notes. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of its common stock, or a combination of cash and shares of its common stock, at the Company's election. The conversion rate was initially 38.4394 shares of common stock per $1,000 principal amount of 2030 Convertible Notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of $ 26.02 per share of common stock). The conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon certain events, such as share splits and combinations, mergers, tender or exchange offers, increases in dividends per share and certain changes in control. In no event will the total number of shares of common stock issuable upon conversion exceed 42.2834 per $1,000 principal amount of the 2030 Convertible Notes. The Company has 118 Table of Contents determined that the embedded conversion option in the 2030 Convertible Notes is not required to be separately accounted for as a derivative under GAAP. The following table summarizes certain key terms related to the convertible features of the 2030 Convertible Notes as of September 30, 2025. 2030 Convertible Notes Conversion Premium 10.0 % Closing stock price at issuance $ 23.65 Closing stock price date September 9, 2025 Conversion price (A) $ 25.90 Conversion rate (shares per $1,000 principal amount) (A) 38.61 Last conversion price calculation date September 22, 2025 (A) Represents conversion price and conversion rate, as applicable, as of September 30, 2025. We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 2030 Convertible Notes (subject to the partial redemption limitation), at our option, on a redemption date on or after October 6, 2028 and on or before the 45th scheduled trading day immediately prior to the maturity date if the last reported sale price of our common stock has been at least 130 % of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any 30 consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to 100 % of the principal amount of the 2030 Convertible Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. The issuance of the 2030 Convertible Notes is considered part of the if-converted method for calculation of diluted earnings per share as reflected in Note 8— Net Increase (Decrease) in Net Assets Resulting From Operations per Common Share. The fair value of the 2030 Convertible Notes, based on the indicative bid price offered by a recognized independent data provider was $ 146.9 million on September 30, 2025, which we consider to be a Level 2 input within the ASC 820 hierarchy. 2028 Notes In August 2023, we completed an offering of $ 57.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2028 Notes for net proceeds of approximately $ 55.1 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses borne by us. On October 15, 2025, we voluntarily redeemed 100 % of the issued and outstanding 2028 Notes, following which they were delisted from the Nasdaq Global Select Market. The 2028 Notes would have otherwise matured on September 1, 2028.  The 2028 Notes bore interest at a rate of 7.75 % per year. Interest was payable quarterly on March 1, June 1, September 1, and December 1 of each year. The fair value, based on the last quoted closing price, of the 2028 Notes as of September 30, 2025 was $ 57.3 million. We consider the trading price of the 2028 Notes to be a Level 1 input within the ASC 820 hierarchy. 2027 Notes In November 2021, we completed an issuance of $ 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of 2027 Notes for net proceeds of approximately $ 48.5 million after deducting initial purchasers’ costs, commissions and offering expenses borne by us. The 2027 Notes will mature on May 1, 2027 and may be redeemed in whole or in part at any time or from time to time at the Company’s option prior to maturity at par plus a “make-whole” premium, if applicable. The 2027 Notes bear interest at a rate of 3.75 % per year. Interest is payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year (which equates to approximately $ 1.9 million per year). In April 2022, pursuant to the registration rights agreement we entered into in connection with the 2027 Notes, we conducted an exchange offer through which we offered to exchange all of our then outstanding 2027 Notes (the “Restricted Notes”) that were issued on November 4, 2021, for an equal aggregate principal amount of our new 3.75 % Notes due 2027 (the “Exchange Notes”) that had been registered with the SEC under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The terms of 119 Table of Contents the Exchange Notes are identical to those of the Restricted Notes, except that the transfer restrictions and registration rights relating to the Restricted Notes do not apply to the Exchange Notes, and the Exchange Notes do not provide for the payment of additional interest in the event of a registration default. The fair value, based on a DCF analysis, of the 2027 Notes as of September 30, 2025 was $ 48.0 million.  We consider the 2027 Notes to be Level 3 within the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy. 2026 Notes In December 2020, we completed an offering of $ 100.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes for net proceeds of approximately $ 97.7 million after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and offering expenses borne by us. In March 2021, we completed an offering of an additional $ 50.0 million aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes for net proceeds of approximately $ 50.6 million after adding premiums and deducting underwriting costs, commissions and offering expenses borne by us. On October 31, 2025, we voluntarily redeemed 100 % of the issued and outstanding 2026 Notes. The 2026 Notes would have otherwise matured on January 31, 2026.  The 2026 Notes bore interest at a rate of 5.125 % per year. Interest was payable semi-annually on January 31 and July 31 of each year. The fair value, based on a DCF analysis, of the 2026 Notes as of September 30, 2025 was $ 149.4 million. We consider the 2026 Notes to be Level 3 within the ASC 820 fair value hierarchy. NOTE 6. CUMULATIVE REDEEMABLE PREFERRED STOCK OFFERING In May 2023, we entered into a Dealer Manager Agreement pursuant to which we may sell a maximum of 6,000,000 shares of 6.25 % Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock (the “Series A Preferred Stock”), par value $ 0.001 per share, on a “reasonable best efforts” basis through our affiliated dealer manager, Gladstone Securities, at a public offering price of $ 25.00 per share. Pursuant to the Dealer Manager Agreement, the offering will terminate on the date that is the earlier of (1) December 31, 2026 (unless earlier terminated or extended by our Board of Directors) and (2) the date on which all 6,000,000 shares of Series A Preferred Stock offered are sold. See Note 4, “Related-Party Transactions—Other Transactions,” for a discussion of the commissions and fees to be paid to Gladstone Securities in connection with the Series A Offering. The Series A Preferred Stock is being sold pursuant to our shelf registration statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-275934), under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and a prospectus supplement, dated November 22, 2024, and a base prospectus dated January 17, 2024. As of September 30, 2025, we had a remaining capacity to sell up to an additional 5,134,548 shares of Series A Preferred Stock under the Dealer Manager Agreement. During the year ended September 30, 2025, we sold 518,321 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for gross proceeds of $ 13.0 million and net proceeds of $ 11.6 million. During the year ended September 30, 2024, we sold 349,931 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for gross proceeds of $ 8.7 million and net proceeds of $ 7.8 million. During the year ended September 30, 2025, we redeemed 2,800 shares of Series A Preferred Stock for a total gross cost of $ 70 thousand. There were no redemptions of Series A Preferred Stock during the year ended September 30, 2024. There were 865,452 and 349,931 shares of Series A Preferred Stock outstanding as of September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, respectively. In accordance with ASC 480-10-S99-3A, the Company’s Series A Preferred Stock has been classified in temporary equity on the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities . The Series A Preferred Stock is recorded net of offering and issuance costs. Dividend payments to our preferred stockholders are included in preferred stock dividends on our Consolidated Statements of Operations, which totaled $ 0.9 million and $ 0.2 million during the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively. We may be required to mandatorily redeem some or all of the shares of our Series A Preferred Stock if we fail to maintain asset coverage of at least the minimum amount required by Sections 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act (which is currently 150%).  The asset coverage on our “senior securities that are stock” as of September 30, 2025 was 208.8 %, calculated in accordance with Sections 18 and 61 of the 1940 Act. We paid monthly cash dividends of $ 0.130208 per share to holders of our Series A Preferred Stock for each month during the year ended September 30, 2025 and each month from January through September during the year ended September 30, 2024. 120 Table of Contents NOTE 7. REGISTRATION STATEMENT AND COMMON EQUITY OFFERINGS Reverse Stock Split On April 4, 2024, we completed a 1-for-2 Reverse Stock Split of the Company’s issued and outstanding common stock, by the filing of Articles of Amendment with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of Maryland pursuant to the Maryland General Corporation Law. The Reverse Stock Split became effective at 4:05 p.m. Eastern Time on April 4, 2024. The Reverse Stock Split was effective for purposes of trading as of the opening of business on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on April 5, 2024. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every two shares of common stock issued and outstanding were automatically combined into one new share of common stock. The Reverse Stock Split did not modify any rights or preferences of the shares of common stock. The common stock issued pursuant to the Reverse Stock Split remains fully paid and non-assessable. The Reverse Stock Split did not affect the number of authorized shares of common stock or the par value of the common stock. Common Stock At-the-Market Offerings In August 2024, we entered into an equity distribution agreement with Jefferies LLC and Huntington Securities, Inc, (the “2024 Sales Agreement”) under which we have the ability to issue and sell, from time to time, shares of our common stock with an aggregate offering price of up to $ 150.0 million in an “at the market offering” (the “2024 ATM Program”). During the year ended September 30, 2025, we sold 362,482 shares of our common stock under the 2024 Sales Agreement, at a weighted-average price of $ 26.44 per share and raised $ 9.6 million of gross proceeds. Net proceeds, after deducting commissions and offering costs borne by us, were approximately $ 9.4 million. During the year ended September 30, 2024, we sold 476,138 shares of our common stock under the 2024 Sales Agreement, at a weighted-average price of $ 23.10 per share and raised $ 11.0 million of gross proceeds. Net proceeds, after deducting commissions and offering costs borne by us, were approximately $ 10.8 million. As of September 30, 2025, we had a remaining capacity to sell up to an additional $ 129.4 million of our common stock under the 2024 ATM Program. Shelf Registration Statement Our registration statement, which was declared effective on January 17, 2024, permits us to issue, through one or more transactions, up to an aggregate of $ 700.0 million in securities, consisting of common stock, preferred stock, subscription rights, debt securities and warrants to purchase common stock or preferred stock. As of September 30, 2025, we had the ability to issue up to $ 519.3 million in securities under the registration statement. 121 Table of Contents NOTE 8. NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN NET ASSETS RESULTING FROM OPERATIONS PER COMMON SHARE The following table sets forth the computation of basic and diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per weighted average common share for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023: Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2023 Numerator for basic net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share $ 57,191 $ 94,506 $ 42,668 Denominator for basic weighted average common shares (A) 22,357,574 21,781,074 18,657,961 Basic net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share (A) $ 2.56 $ 4.34 $ 2.29 Numerator for basic net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share $ 57,191 $ 94,506 $ 42,668 Adjustment for interest and amortization on 2030 Convertible Notes (A) 517 — — Numerator for diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share (A) $ 57,708 $ 94,506 $ 42,668 Denominator for basic weighted average common shares (A) 22,357,574 21,781,074 18,657,961 Adjustment for dilutive effect of 2030 Convertible Notes 304,623 — — Denominator for diluted weighted average common shares (A) 22,662,197 21,781,074 18,657,961 Diluted net increase (decrease) in net assets resulting from operations per common share (A)(B) $ 2.55 $ 4.34 $ 2.29 (A) Per share data and shares outstanding have been adjusted on a retroactive basis to reflect the Reverse Stock Split effected on April 4, 2024, as described in Note 2— Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . (B) In applying the if-converted method, conversion is not assumed for purposes of computing diluted earnings per share if the effect would be anti-dilutive.  For the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, there was no anti-dilution. NOTE 9. DISTRIBUTIONS TO COMMON STOCKHOLDERS To qualify to be taxed as a RIC under Subchapter M of the Code, we must generally distribute to our stockholders, for each taxable year, at least 90% of our taxable ordinary income plus the excess of our net short- term capital gains over net long-term capital losses (“Investment Company Taxable Income”). The amount to be paid out as distributions to our stockholders is determined by our Board of Directors quarterly and is based on management’s estimate of Investment Company Taxable Income. Based on that estimate, our Board of Directors declares three monthly distributions to common stockholders each quarter. The federal income tax characteristics of all distributions will be reported to stockholders on the IRS Form 1099 after the end of each calendar year. Estimates of tax characterization made on a quarterly basis may not be representative of the actual tax characterization of cash distributions for the full year. Estimates made on a quarterly basis are updated as of each interim reporting date. For the calendar year ended December 31, 2024, 83.1 % of distributions to common stockholders were deemed to be paid from ordinary income and 16.9 % were deemed to be paid from capital gains for Form 1099 reporting purposes. For the calendar year ended December 31, 2023, 100.0 % of distributions to common stockholders were deemed to be paid from ordinary income for Form 1099 reporting purposes. 122 Table of Contents We paid the following monthly distributions to common stockholders for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024: Fiscal Year Declaration Date Record Date Payment Date Distribution per Common Share(A) 2025 October 8, 2024 October 22, 2024 October 31, 2024 $ 0.165 October 8, 2024 November 20, 2024 November 29, 2024 0.165 November 12, 2024 December 4, 2024 December 18, 2024 (B) 0.400 October 8, 2024 December 20, 2024 December 31, 2024 0.165 January 14, 2025 January 24, 2025 January 31, 2025 0.165 January 14, 2025 February 19, 2025 February 28, 2025 0.165 January 14, 2025 March 19, 2025 March 31, 2025 0.165 April 8, 2025 April 21, 2025 April 30, 2025 0.165 April 8, 2025 May 21, 2025 May 30, 2025 0.165 April 8, 2025 June 20, 2025 June 30, 2025 0.165 July 10, 2025 July 21, 2025 July 31, 2025 0.165 July 10, 2025 August 20, 2025 August 29, 2025 0.165 September 12, 2025 September 23, 2025 September 29, 2025 (B) 0.100 July 10, 2025 September 22, 2025 September 30, 2025 0.165 Year Ended September 30, 2025: $ 2.48 2024 October 10, 2023 October 20, 2023 October 31, 2023 $ 0.165 October 10, 2023 November 20, 2023 November 30, 2023 0.165 October 10, 2023 December 18, 2023 December 29, 2023 0.165 January 9, 2024 January 23, 2024 January 31, 2024 0.165 January 9, 2024 February 21, 2024 February 29, 2024 0.165 January 9, 2024 March 21, 2024 March 29, 2024 0.165 April 9, 2024 April 19, 2024 April 30, 2024 0.165 April 9, 2024 May 17, 2024 May 31, 2024 0.165 April 9, 2024 June 19, 2024 June 28, 2024 0.165 July 9, 2024 July 22, 2024 July 31, 2024 0.165 July 9, 2024 August 21, 2024 August 30, 2024 0.165 July 9, 2024 September 20, 2024 September 30, 2024 0.165 Year Ended September 30, 2024: $ 1.98 (A) Per share data has been adjusted on a retroactive basis to reflect the Reverse Stock Split effected on April 4, 2024, as described in Note 2— Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . (B) Represents a supplemental distribution to common stockholders. Aggregate distributions declared and paid to our common stockholders were approximately $ 55.5 million and $ 43.1 million for the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, respectively, and were declared based on estimates of Investment Company Taxable Income.  For the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023, Investment Company Taxable Income exceeded common stock distributions declared and paid, and, in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code, we elected to treat $ 5.5 million, $ 6.6 million, and $ 5.0 million, respectively, of the first common distributions paid to common stockholders in the subsequent fiscal year as having been paid in the prior year.  In addition, for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, net capital gains exceeded common stock distributions declared and paid, and, in accordance with Section 855(a) of the Code, we elected to treat $ 0.7 million of the first common distributions paid to common stockholders in the subsequent fiscal year as having been paid in the prior year.  There were no such amounts for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 123 Table of Contents The components of our net assets on a tax basis were as follows: Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Common stock $ 45 $ 44 Capital in excess of par value 501,628 492,305 Cumulative net unrealized appreciation (depreciation) of investments ( 17,490 ) 25,249 Undistributed ordinary income 5,481 6,590 Undistributed capital gain 717 — Capital loss carryforward — ( 47,435 ) Other temporary differences ( 8,346 ) ( 5,858 ) Net Assets $ 482,035 $ 470,895 We intend to retain some or all of our realized capital gains first to the extent we have available capital loss carryforwards and second, through treating the retained amount as a “deemed distribution.” For the years ended September 30, 2025 and 2024, we recorded the following adjustments for permanent book-tax differences to reflect tax character. Results of operations, total net assets, and cash flows were not affected by these adjustments. Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 Undistributed net investment income $ ( 946 ) $ ( 1,299 ) Accumulated net realized losses 1,053 1,310 Capital in excess of par value ( 107 ) ( 11 ) NOTE 10. FEDERAL AND STATE INCOME TAXES We intend to continue to maintain our qualifications as a RIC for federal income tax purposes. As a RIC, we are generally not subject to federal income tax on the portion of our taxable income and gains that we distribute to stockholders. To maintain our qualification as a RIC, we must meet certain source-of-income and asset diversification requirements. In addition, to qualify to be taxed as a RIC, we must also meet certain annual stockholder distribution requirements. To satisfy the RIC annual distribution requirement, we must distribute to stockholders at least 90.0% of our Investment Company Taxable Income. Our policy generally is to make distributions to our stockholders in an amount up to 100.0 % of our Investment Company Taxable Income. Because we have distributed more than 90.0% of our Investment Company Taxable Income, no income tax provisions have been recorded for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023. In an effort to limit certain federal excise taxes imposed on RICs, a RIC has to distribute to stockholders, during each calendar year, an amount close to the sum of (1) 98.0 % of our ordinary income for the calendar year, (2) 98.2 %, of our capital gains in excess of capital losses for the one-year period ending on October 31 of the calendar year and (3) any ordinary income and capital gains in excess of capital losses for preceding years that were not distributed during such years. We incurred an excise tax of $ 0.1 million and $ 0 for the calendar years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which is included in Other general and administrative expenses on the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations. Under the RIC Modernization Act, we are permitted to carry forward capital losses that we may incur in taxable years beginning after September 30, 2011 for an unlimited period, and such capital loss carryforwards will retain their character as either short-term or long-term capital losses. 124 Table of Contents NOTE 11. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES Legal Proceedings We are party to certain legal proceedings incidental to the normal course of our business. We are required to establish reserves for litigation matters where those matters present loss contingencies that are both probable and estimable. When loss contingencies are not both probable and estimable, we do not establish reserves. Based on current knowledge, we do not believe that loss contingencies, if any, arising from pending investigations, litigation or regulatory matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Additionally, based on our current knowledge, we do not believe such loss contingencies are both probable and estimable and therefore, as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, we had no established reserves for such loss contingencies. Escrow Holdbacks From time to time, we enter into arrangements relating to exits of certain investments whereby specific amounts of the proceeds are held in escrow to be used to satisfy potential obligations, as stipulated in the sales agreements. We record escrow amounts in Restricted cash and cash equivalents, if received in cash but subject to potential obligations or other contractual restrictions, or as escrow receivables in Other assets, net, if not yet received in cash, on our accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities. We establish reserves and holdbacks against escrow amounts if we determine that it is probable and estimable that a portion of the escrow amounts will not ultimately be released or received at the end of the escrow period. Reserves and holdbacks against escrow amounts were $ 1.5 million and $ 0.1 million as of September 30, 2025 and September 30, 2024, respectively. Financial Commitments and Obligations We have lines of credit, delayed draw term loans, and an uncalled capital commitment with certain of our portfolio companies that have not been fully drawn. Since these commitments have expiration dates and we expect many will never be fully drawn, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. We estimate the fair value of the combined unused lines of credit, the unused delayed draw term loans and the uncalled capital commitment as of September 30, 2025 and 2024 to be immaterial. The following table summarizes the amounts of our unused lines of credit, delayed draw term loans and uncalled capital commitment, at cost, as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, which are not reflected as liabilities in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities: As of September 30, 2025 2024 Unused line of credit commitments (A) $ 54,553 $ 42,601 Delayed draw term loans (A) 11,000 14,150 Uncalled capital commitment 843 843 Total $ 66,396 $ 57,594 (A) There may be specific covenant requirements that temporarily limit a portfolio company’s availability to draw on an unused line of credit commitment or a delayed draw term loan. 125 Table of Contents NOTE 12. FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS As of and for the Year Ended September 30, 2025 2024 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 2017 2016 Per Common Share Data (A) : Net asset value at beginning of  year (B) $ 21.18 $ 18.79 $ 18.16 $ 18.56 $ 14.80 $ 16.44 $ 16.64 $ 16.80 $ 17.24 $ 18.12 Income from operations (C) Net investment income 2.02 2.11 2.20 1.88 1.58 1.62 1.68 1.70 1.68 1.68 Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on investments 0.57 2.05 0.07 ( 0.70 ) 3.58 ( 1.68 ) ( 0.30 ) ( 0.32 ) ( 0.24 ) ( 0.70 ) Net realized and unrealized gain (loss) on other 0.01 0.18 0.02 ( 0.02 ) ( 0.08 ) ( 0.06 ) ( 0.02 ) — ( 0.10 ) — Preferred stock dividends ( 0.04 ) — — — — — — — — — Total from operations 2.56 4.34 2.29 1.16 5.08 ( 0.12 ) 1.36 1.38 1.34 0.98 Distributions to common stockholders from (C)(D) Net Investment Income ( 1.98 ) ( 1.98 ) ( 1.89 ) ( 1.52 ) ( 1.50 ) ( 1.60 ) ( 1.64 ) ( 1.68 ) ( 1.68 ) ( 1.40 ) Realized gains ( 0.50 ) — — — — — — — — ( 0.28 ) Return of capital — — — ( 0.08 ) ( 0.06 ) ( 0.02 ) ( 0.04 ) — — — Total distributions ( 2.48 ) ( 1.98 ) ( 1.89 ) ( 1.60 ) ( 1.56 ) ( 1.62 ) ( 1.68 ) ( 1.68 ) ( 1.68 ) ( 1.68 ) Capital share transactions (C) Discounts, commissions, and offering costs — — — — ( 0.02 ) — ( 0.02 ) ( 0.02 ) ( 0.08 ) ( 0.10 ) Repurchase of common stock — — — — — — — — — 0.04 Net anti-dilutive (dilutive) effect of equity offering (E) 0.08 0.05 0.26 0.04 0.30 0.10 0.14 0.16 ( 0.04 ) ( 0.10 ) Total capital share transactions 0.08 0.05 0.26 0.04 0.28 0.10 0.12 0.14 ( 0.12 ) ( 0.16 ) Other, net (C)(F) — ( 0.02 ) ( 0.03 ) — ( 0.04 ) — — — 0.02 ( 0.02 ) Net asset value at end of period / year (B) $ 21.34 $ 21.18 $ 18.79 $ 18.16 $ 18.56 $ 14.80 $ 16.44 $ 16.64 $ 16.80 $ 17.24 Per common share market value at beginning of year $ 24.05 $ 19.28 $ 16.98 $ 22.60 $ 14.82 $ 19.50 $ 19.00 $ 19.00 $ 16.26 $ 16.26 Per common share market value at end of year 21.87 24.05 19.28 16.98 22.60 14.82 19.50 19.00 19.00 16.26 Total return (G) ( 0.17 ) % 36.61 % 24.85 % ( 19.16 ) % 64.93 % ( 15.75 ) % 12.55 % 9.53 % 27.90 % 11.68 % Common stock outstanding at end of year (B) 22,593,069 22,230,587 21,754,449 17,367,398 17,152,186 15,783,425 15,172,962 14,250,990 13,080,342 11,672,211 Statement of Assets and Liabilities Data: Net assets at end of year $ 482,035 $ 470,895 $ 408,695 $ 315,487 $ 318,439 $ 233,743 $ 249,330 $ 237,092 $ 219,650 $ 201,207 Average net assets (H) 479,038 431,796 349,518 320,838 275,509 235,266 239,851 234,092 215,421 193,228 Senior Securities Data: Borrowings under line of credit, at cost $ — $ 70,600 $ 47,800 $ 141,800 $ 50,500 $ 128,000 $ 66,900 $ 110,000 $ 93,000 $ 71,300 Preferred Stock 21,636 8,748 — — — — 51,750 51,750 51,750 61,000 Notes Payable 406,500 257,000 257,000 200,000 188,813 96,313 57,500 — — — Ratios/Supplemental Data: Ratio of net expenses to average net assets (I)(J) 9.17 % 11.71 % 12.99 % 9.62 % 10.04 % 9.69 % 10.61 % 9.61 % 8.26 % 10.16 % Ratio of net investment income to average net assets (K) 9.44 10.67 11.74 10.06 9.48 10.70 10.25 9.86 9.95 10.08 126 Table of Contents (A) Financial Highlights data presented for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, and 2016 are not covered by the report of the independent registered public accounting firm. (B) Based on actual shares outstanding at the beginning or end of the corresponding year, as appropriate.  Per share data and shares outstanding have been adjusted on a retroactive basis to reflect the 1-for-2 Reverse Stock Split effected on April 4, 2024, as described in Note 2— Summary of Significant Accounting Policies . (C) Based on weighted average basic per share data. (D) The tax character of distributions is determined based on taxable income calculated in accordance with income tax regulations, which may differ from amounts determined under GAAP. (E) During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, and 2018, the anti-dilution was a result of issuing common shares during the period at a price above the then-current NAV per share. During the fiscal years ended September 30, 2017 and 2016, the net dilution was a result of issuing common shares during the period at a price below the then-current NAV per share. (F) Represents the impact of the different share amounts (weighted average shares outstanding during the fiscal year and shares outstanding at the end of the fiscal year) in the per share data calculations and rounding impacts. (G) Total return equals the change in the ending market value of our common stock from the beginning of the fiscal year, taking into account distributions reinvested in accordance with the terms of our dividend reinvestment plan. Total return does not take into account distributions that may be characterized as a return of capital or any sales load paid by a stockholder. For further information on the estimated character of our distributions to common stockholders, refer to Note 9— Distributions to Common Stockholders. (H) Computed using the average of the balance of net assets at the end of each month of the fiscal year. (I) Ratio of net expenses to average net assets is computed using total expenses, net of credits from the Adviser, to the base management, loan servicing, and incentive fees. (J) Had we not received any non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits of fees from the Adviser, the ratio of net expenses to average net assets would have been 12.72 %, 14.53 %, 16.31 %, 13.13 %, 13.17 %, 14.36 %, 14.18 %, 13.12 %, 12.14 %, and 13.40 % for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. (K) Had we not received any non-contractual, unconditional and irrevocable credits of fees from the Adviser, the ratio of net investment income to average net assets would have been 5.93 %, 7.90 %, 8.49 %, 6.61 %, 6.40 %, 6.11 %, 6.74 %, 6.41 %, 6.13 %, and 6.90 % for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020, 2019, 2018, 2017, and 2016, respectively. 127 Table of Contents NOTE 13. UNCONSOLIDATED SIGNIFICANT SUBSIDIARIES In accordance with the SEC’s Regulation S-X, we do not consolidate portfolio company investments. Further, in accordance with ASC 946, we are precluded from consolidating any entity other than another investment company, except that ASC 946 provides for the consolidation of a controlled operating company that provides substantially all of its services to the investment company or its consolidated subsidiaries. We did not have any unconsolidated subsidiaries that met any of the significance conditions under Rule l-02(w)(2) of the SEC’s Regulation S-X as of or during at least one of the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024, and 2023. NOTE 14. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS Portfolio Activity In October 2025, we invested an additional $ 11.0 million in Total Access Elevator, LLC (“Total Access”), an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt.   We also extended Total Access a new $ 9.85 million delayed draw term loan commitment, which was unfunded at close. In October 2025, our $ 28.1 million debt investment in Leadpoint Business Services, LLC paid off at par.  We also received a $ 0.3 million prepayment penalty in conjunction with the payoff. In October 2025, the sale of our remaining common equity investment in Sokol was completed, representing a return of our equity cost basis of $ 0.5 million and a realized gain of approximately $ 1.8 million. In October 2025, our $ 17.8 million debt investment in Sea Link International IRB, Inc. (“Sea Link”) paid off at par.  We also received a $ 0.2 million exit fee in conjunction with the payoff.   We continue to hold common and preferred equity in Sea Link. In November 2025, we invested $ 15.0 million in Turn Key Health Clinics, LLC (“Turn Key”), an existing portfolio company, through secured first lien debt.  We also increased our existing line of credit commitment to Turn Key by $ 1.0 million to $ 5.0 million, which was unfunded at close. In November 2025, we invested $ 26.6 million in Sicilian Oven Restaurants LLC through secured first lien debt and preferred equity. Debt Redemption On October 15, 2025, we voluntarily redeemed the 2028 Notes with an aggregate principal amount outstanding of $ 57.0 million. On October 31, 2025, we voluntarily redeemed the 2026 Notes with an aggregate principal amount outstanding of $ 150.0 million. Distributions On October 14, 2025, our Board of Directors declared the following distributions to common and preferred stockholders: Record Date Payment Date Distribution per Common Share October 24, 2025 October 31, 2025 $ 0.15 November 17, 2025 November 26, 2025 0.15 December 22, 2025 December 31, 2025 0.15 Total for the Quarter $ 0.45 128 Table of Contents Record Date Payment Date Distribution per Series A Preferred Stock October 27, 2025 November 5, 2025 $ 0.130208 November 25, 2025 December 5, 2025 0.130208 December 29, 2025 January 5, 2026 0.130208 Total for the Quarter $ 0.390624 129 Table of Contents ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES a) Disclosure Controls and Procedures As of September 30, 2025 (the end of the period covered by this report), we, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness and design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in timely alerting management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of material information about us required to be included in periodic SEC filings. However, in evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. b) Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Refer to the Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting located in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. c) Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm Not Applicable. d) Change in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in internal controls for the three months ended September 30, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION During the three months ended September 30, 2025, none of our officers or directors adopted or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) (“Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement”) or any “non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement.” In addition, during the three months ended September 30, 2025, we did not adopt or terminate any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 130 Table of Contents PART III We will file a definitive Proxy Statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “2026 Proxy Statement”) with the SEC, pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year. Accordingly, certain information required by Part III has been omitted under General Instruction G(3) to Form 10-K. Only those sections of the 2026 Proxy Statement that specifically address the items set forth herein are incorporated herein by reference. ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2026 Proxy Statement. We have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “Code of Conduct”) that applies to all of our officers and directors and to the employees of our Adviser and our Administrator. The Code of Conduct is available in the Investors section of our website under “Governance – Governance Documents” at www.GladstoneCapital.com. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2026 Proxy Statement. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The information required by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2026 Proxy Statement. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2026 Proxy Statement. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our 2026 Proxy Statement. 131 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES a. DOCUMENTS FILED AS PART OF THIS ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 1. The following financial statements are filed herewith: Management ’ s Annual Report on Internal Controls over Financial Reporting 78 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 79 Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 202 5 and 202 4 81 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 202 5 , 202 4 and 20 23 82 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended September 30, 202 5 , 202 4 and 20 23 84 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 202 5 , 202 4 and 20 23 85 Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 202 5 and 202 4 86 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 98 2. The following financial statement schedule is filed herewith: Schedule 12-14 Investments in and Advances to Affiliates as of September 30, 202 5 and 202 4 137 No other financial statement schedules are filed herewith because (1) such schedules are not required or (2) the information has been presented in the aforementioned financial statements. 3. Exhibits The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or are hereby incorporated by reference to exhibits previously filed with the SEC: 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement to the Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.a.2 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-63700), filed July 27, 2001. 3.2 Articles Supplementary Establishing and Fixing the Rights and Preferences of Term Preferred Shares, including Appendix A thereto relating to the Term Preferred Shares, 7.125% Series 2016, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.a.2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 5 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-162592), filed October 31, 2011. 3.3 Certificate of Correction to Articles Supplementary Establishing and Fixing the Rights and Preferences of Term Preferred Shares, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed October 29, 2015. 3.4 Articles Supplementary, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed September 21, 2017. 3.5 Articles Supplementary for 6.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed on June 1, 2023. 3.6 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed April 5, 2024. 3.7 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed April 5, 2024. 3.8 Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.b to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-63700), filed July 27, 2001. 3.9 Amendment to Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00237), filed February 17, 2004. 132 Table of Contents 3.10 Second Amendment to Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed July 10, 2007. 3.11 Third Amendment to Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed June 10, 2011. 3.12 Fourth Amendment to Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed November 29, 2016. 3.13 Fifth Amendment to Bylaws, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed October 10, 2023. 4.1 Form of Certificate for Common Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.d.2 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 3 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-63700), filed August 23, 2001. 4.2 Form of Certificate for 6.25% Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed on June 1, 2023. 4.3 Indenture between the Registrant and U.S. Bank National Association, dated as of November 6, 2018, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.d.l0 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-208637), filed November 6, 2018. 4.4 Fourth Supplemental Indenture between Gladstone Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank National Association, dated as of November 4, 2021, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed November 4, 2021. 4.5 Sixth Supplemental Indenture between Gladstone Capital Corporation and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), dated as of September 12, 2025, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed on September 12, 2025. 4.6* Description of Securities 10.1 Stock Transfer Agency Agreement between the Registrant and The Bank of New York, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.k.1 to Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-63700), filed July 27, 2001. 10.2 Custody Agreement between the Registrant and The Bank of New York, dated as of May 5, 2006, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00237), filed August 1, 2006. 10.3 Administration Agreement between the Registrant and Gladstone Administration, LLC, dated as of October 1, 2006, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed October 5, 2006. 10.4 Custodial Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.j.2 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to Form N-2 (File No. 333-185191), filed December 23, 2013. 10.5 Amendment No. 1 to Custodial Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.j.3 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-185191), filed December 23, 2013. 10.6 Amendment No. 2 to Custodial Agreement, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.j.4 to Post-Effective Amendment No. 1 to the Registration Statement on Form N-2 (File No. 333-185191), filed December 23, 2013. 10.7 Fifth Amended and Restated Investment Advisory and Management Agreement between the Registrant and Gladstone Management Corporation, dated as of January 24, 2 025, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed on January 24, 2025. 10.8 Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 13, 2021 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and the financial institutions from the time to time party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed May 13, 2021. 133 Table of Contents 10.9 Amendment No. 1 to the Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 12, 2022 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and the financial institutions from the time to time party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00237), filed November 11, 2022. 10.10 Amendment No. 2 to the Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of September 20, 2022 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and the financial institutions from the time to time party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00237), filed November 11, 2022. 10.11 Amendment No. 3 to the Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of October 31, 2022 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent and the financial institutions from the time to time party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 814-00237), filed November 11, 2022. 10.12 Amendment No. 4 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 16, 2023 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC, as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation, as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed on June 22, 2023. 10.13 Amendment No. 5 to the Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 13, 2023 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00237), filed February 5, 2024. 10.14 Amendment No. 6 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2024 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (File No. 814-00237), filed May 1, 2024. 10.15 Amendment No. 7 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of June 27, 2024 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed June 27, 2024. 10.16 Amendment No. 8 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of August 12, 2024 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed August 12, 2024. 10.17 Amendment No. 9 to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 23, 2025 by and among Gladstone Business Loan, LLC, as Borrower, Gladstone Management Corporation, as Servicer, KeyBank National Association, as administrative agent, swingline lender, managing agent and lead arranger and certain other lenders party thereto, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 814-00237), filed June 25, 2025. 14* Code of Ethics 19 Insider Trading Policy For Gladstone Capital Corporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 filed herewith. 21* Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 23.1* Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 134 Table of Contents 31.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 302 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1** Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2** Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 97.1* Clawback Policy 99.1* Estimated Value methodology for Series A Cumulative Redeemable Preferred Stock at September 30, 20 25 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Definition Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) *    Filed herewith **    Furnished herewith Attached as Exhibit 101 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the following materials, formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Consolidated Statements of Assets and Liabilities as of September 30, 2025 and 2024, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024 and 2023, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Net Assets for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024 and 2023, (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended September 30, 2025, 2024 and 2023, (v) the Consolidated Schedules of Investments as of September 30, 2025 and 2024 and (vi) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY None. 135 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION Date: November 17, 2025 By: /s/ NICOLE SCHALTENBRAND Nicole Schaltenbrand Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Date: November 17, 2025 By: /s/ DAVID GLADSTONE David Gladstone Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (principal executive officer) Date: November 17, 2025 By: /s/ NICOLE SCHALTENBRAND Nicole Schaltenbrand Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer (principal financial and accounting officer) Date: November 17, 2025 By: /s/ ANTHONY W. PARKER Anthony W. Parker Director Date: November 17, 2025 By: /s/ JOHN OUTLAND John Outland Director Date: November 17, 2025 By: /s/ MICHELA A. ENGLISH Michela A. English Director Date: November 17, 2025 By: /s/ WALTER H. WILKINSON, JR. Walter H. Wilkinson, Jr. Director Date: November 17, 2025 By: /s/ PAULA NOVARA Paula Novara Director Date: November 17, 2025 By: /s/ KATHARINE CORNELL GORKA Katharine Cornell Gorka Director 136 Table of Contents SCHEDULE 12-14 GLADSTONE CAPITAL CORPORATION INVESTMENTS IN AND ADVANCES TO AFFILIATES (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) Company and Investment (A)(B)(I)(L)(M) Principal/ Shares/Units (K) Net Realized Gain (Loss) for Period Amount of Investment Income (C) Value as of September 30, 2024 Gross Additions (D) Gross Reductions (E) Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Value as of September 30, 2025 AFFILIATE INVESTMENTS— 11.2 % Secured First Lien Debt— 7.2 % Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing— 2.6 % Edge Adhesives Holdings, Inc.—Term Debt (S + 5.5 %. 9.6 % Cash, Due 8/2026) $ 6,140 — — $ 380 — — $ 133 $ 513 Zero Case Holding Inc. – Line of Credit, $ 4,000 available (S + 6.4 %, 10.5 % Cash, Due 7/2030) — — 4 — — — — — Zero Case Holding Inc. – Term Debt (S + 6.4 %, 10.5 % Cash, Due 7/2030) 12,000 — 232 — 12,000 — — 12,000 $ — — $ 236 — $ 380 — $ 12,000 — $ — — $ 133 — $ 12,513 Personal, Food, and Miscellaneous Services – 4.6 % Snif-Snax, LLC  – Term Debt (S + 6.7 %, 10.8 % Cash, Due 7/2030) 22,200 — 487 — 22,200 — — 22,200 $ — $ 723 $ 380 $ 34,200 $ — $ 133 $ 34,713 Preferred Equity — 2.0 % Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing — 0.0 % Edge Adhesives Holdings, Inc.—Preferred Stock 5,466 — — — — — — — Diversified/Conglomerate Service— 1.4 % Encore Dredging Holdings, LLC—Preferred Stock 3,840,000 — 40 3,168 — — 3,746 6,914 Personal, Food, and Miscellaneous Services – 0.3 % Snif-Snax, LLC  – Preferred Stock 1,500,000 — — — 1,500 — — 1,500 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only)— 0.2 % Canopy Safety Brands, LLC—Preferred Stock 500,000 — — 931 — — 75 1,006 Total Preferred Equity $ — $ 40 $ 4,099 $ 1,500 $ — $ 3,821 $ 9,420 137 Table of Contents Company and Investment (A)(B)(I)(L)(M) Principal/ Shares/Units (K) Net Realized Gain (Loss) for Period Amount of Investment Income (C) Value as of September 30, 2024 Gross Additions (D) Gross Reductions (E) Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Value as of September 30, 2025 Common Equity— 2.0 % Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing – 0.2 % Zero Case Holding Inc. – Common Stock 1,000 — — — 1,000 — — 1,000 Finance – 1.1 % Gladstone Alternative Income Fund – Common Stock 500,000 — 191 — 5,000 — 75 5,075 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only)— 0.8 % Canopy Safety Brands, LLC—Common Stock 1,170,370 — — $ 2,959 — — $ 744 $ 3,703 Total Common Equity $ — $ 191 $ 2,959 $ 6,000 $ — $ 819 $ 9,778 TOTAL AFFILIATE INVESTMENTS $ — $ 954 $ 7,438 $ 41,700 $ — $ 4,773 $ 53,911 CONTROL INVESTMENTS— 22.6 % Secured First Lien Debt— 14.5 % Beverage, Food, and Tobacco – 2.6 % Eegee Acquisition Corp. – Line of Credit, $ 3,250 available (S + 7.0 %, 11.1 % Cash, Due 4/2028) 12,750 $ — $ 646 $ — $ 12,750 $ — $ — $ 12,750 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing – 4.7 % Engineering Manufacturing Technologies, LLC – Line of Credit, $ 1,900 available (S + 8.3 %, 12.4 % Cash, Due 10/2026) 1,100 — 62 — 1,100 — ( 266 ) 834 Engineering Manufacturing Technologies, LLC – Term Debt (S + 8.3 %, 8.0 % Cash, 4.4 % PIK, Due 10/2026) 23,163 — 1,257 — 23,163 — ( 5,602 ) 17,561 Lonestar EMS, LLC  – Term Debt ( 12.0 % Cash, Due 6/2027) (F) 4,450 — 588 4,200 273 — ( 23 ) 4,450 $ — $ 1,907 $ 4,200 $ 24,536 $ — $ ( 5,891 ) $ 22,845 Healthcare, Education, and Childcare – 5.2 % Technical Resource Management, LLC – Line of Credit, $ 0 available (S + 10.5 %, 10.1 % Cash, 4.5 % PIK, Due 4/2028) 3,076 — 230 — 3,076 — ( 353 ) 2,723 Technical Resource Management, LLC – Line of Credit, $ 400 available (S + 10.5 %, 10.1 % Cash, 4.5 % PIK, Due 4/2028) 1,214 — 60 — 1,214 — ( 140 ) 1,074 Technical Resource Management, LLC – Term Debt (S + 10.5 %, 10.1 % Cash, 4.5 % PIK, Due 4/2028) 24,111 — 1,800 — 24,111 — ( 2,764 ) 21,347 $ — $ 2,090 $ — $ 28,401 $ — $ ( 3,257 ) $ 25,144 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) — 1.9 % WB Xcel Holdings, LLC—Line of Credit, $ 0 available (S + 10.5 %, 14.6 % Cash, Due 11/2026) 5,150 — $ — $ 3,171 $ 400 — $ ( 411 ) $ 3,160 WB Xcel Holdings, LLC—Term Loan (S + 10.5 %, 14.6 % Cash, Due 11/2026) 9,775 — — 6,525 — $ — ( 528 ) 5,997 $ — $ — $ 9,696 $ 400 $ — $ ( 939 ) $ 9,157 138 Table of Contents Company and Investment (A)(B)(I)(L)(M) Principal/ Shares/Units (K) Net Realized Gain (Loss) for Period Amount of Investment Income (C) Value as of September 30, 2024 Gross Additions (D) Gross Reductions (E) Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Value as of September 30, 2025 Printing and Publishing — 0.0 % TNCP Intermediate HoldCo, LLC—-Line of Credit, $ 2,000 available ( 11.0 % Cash, Due 10/2027) (F) — — $ 70 $ — — $ — — — Total Secured First Lien Debt $ — $ 4,713 $ 13,896 $ 66,087 $ — $ ( 10,087 ) $ 69,896 Secured Second Lien Debt— 3.9 % Automobile— 1.8 % Defiance Integrated Technologies, Inc.—Term Debt (S + 9.6 %, 13.7 % Cash, Due 1/2027) 8,792 — $ 1,236 $ 8,547 $ 325 $ ( 80 ) — $ 8,792 Diversified/Conglomerate Service – 2.1 % Alsay Incorporated – Term Debt ( 12.8 % Cash, Due 12/2030) (F) 10,000 — 319 — 10,000 — — 10,000 Total Secured Second Lien Debt $ — $ 1,555 $ 8,547 $ 10,325 $ ( 80 ) $ — $ 18,792 Unsecured Debt— 0.1 % Healthcare, Education, and Childcare – 0.1 % Technical Resource Management, LLC – Term Debt ( 14.0 % PIK, Due 10/2028) (F) 357 $ — $ 24 $ — $ 357 $ — $ ( 41 ) $ 316 Preferred Equity— 1.0 % Diversified/Conglomerate Service – 1.0 % Alsay Incorporated – Preferred Stock 5,000,000 $ — $ — $ — $ 5,000 $ — $ — $ 5,000 Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) — 0.0 % WB Xcel Holdings, LLC - Preferred Stock 333 — — — — — — — Total Preferred Equity $ — $ — $ — $ 5,000 $ — $ — $ 5,000 Common Equity— 3.1 % Automobile– 0.0 % Defiance Integrated Technologies, Inc.—Common Stock 33,321 — — 2,949 — — $ ( 2,949 ) — Beverage, Food, and Tobacco – 1.0 % Eegee Acquisition Corp. – Common Stock 1,000 — — — 8,500 — ( 3,642 ) 4,858 Diversified/Conglomerate Manufacturing— 0.9 % Engineering Manufacturing Technologies, LLC – Common Stock 16,000 — — — 3,000 — ( 3,000 ) — Lonestar EMS, LLC - Common Units 100 % — — 8,214 — — ( 3,989 ) 4,225 $ — $ — $ 8,214 $ 3,000 $ — $ ( 6,989 ) $ 4,225 Healthcare, Education, and Childcare – 0.0 % Technical Resource Management, LLC – Common Stock 2,000,000 — — — 2,000 — ( 2,000 ) — Technical Resource Management, LLC – Common Warrants 4,558,041 — — — — — — — $ — $ — $ — $ 2,000 $ — $ ( 2,000 ) $ — Personal and Non-Durable Consumer Products (Manufacturing Only) — 0.0 % WB Xcel Holdings, LLC - Common Warrant 12,340 — — — — — — — 139 Table of Contents Company and Investment (A)(B)(I)(L)(M) Principal/ Shares/Units (K) Net Realized Gain (Loss) for Period Amount of Investment Income (C) Value as of September 30, 2024 Gross Additions (D) Gross Reductions (E) Net Unrealized Appreciation (Depreciation) Value as of September 30, 2025 Printing and Publishing— 1.2 % TNCP Intermediate HoldCo, LLC—Common Equity Units 790,000 — — 4,312 — — 1,497 5,809 Total Common Equity $ — $ — $ 15,475 $ 13,500 $ — $ ( 14,083 ) $ 14,892 TOTAL CONTROL INVESTMENTS $ — $ 6,292 $ 37,918 $ 95,269 $ ( 80 ) $ ( 24,211 ) $ 108,896 (A) Certain of the securities listed in this schedule are issued by affiliate(s) of the indicated portfolio company. (B) Common stock, warrants, options, membership units and, in some cases, preferred stock are generally non-income producing and restricted. (C) Represents the total amount of interest, dividends and other income credited to investment income for the portion of the fiscal year an investment was a control or affiliate investment, as appropriate. (D) Gross additions include increases in investments resulting from new portfolio investments, paid-in-kind interest or dividends, the amortization of discounts and fees, and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. (E) Gross reductions include decreases in investments resulting from principal collections related to investment repayments or sales, the amortization of premiums and acquisition costs, and the exchange of one or more existing securities for one or more new securities. (F) Debt security has a fixed interest rate. (G) Reserved. (H) Reserved. (I) Interest rate percentages represent cash interest rates in effect at September 30, 2025, and due dates represent the contractual maturity date. Unless indicated otherwise, all cash interest rates are indexed to one-month Secured Overnight Financing Rate (“SOFR” or “S”), which was 4.13 % as of September 30, 2025. If applicable, paid-in-kind interest rates are noted separately from the cash interest rate. Certain securities are subject to an interest rate floor. The cash interest rate is the greater of the floor or SOFR plus a spread. Due dates represent the contractual maturity date. (J) Reserved. (K) Represents the principal balance for debt investments and the number of shares/units held for equity investments as of September 30, 2025. Warrants are represented as a percentage of ownership, as applicable. (L) Unless indicated otherwise, all of our investments are valued using Level 3 inputs within the FASB Accounting Standard Codification Topic 820, “Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures” fair value hierarchy. Refer to Note 3 —Investments in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. (M) Category percentages represent the fair value of each category and subcategory as a percentage of net assets as of September 30, 2025. ** Information related to the amount of equity in the net profit and loss for the year for the investments listed has not been included in this schedule. This information is not considered to be meaningful due to the complex capital structures of the portfolio companies, with different classes of equity securities outstanding with different preferences in liquidation. These investments are not consolidated, nor are they accounted for under the equity method of accounting. 140

