TICKER: GLP
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain. ● Our businesses are subject to federal, state and municipal environmental and non-environmental regulations which could significantly impact our operations, increase our costs and have a material adverse effect on such businesses. ● A disruption to our information technology systems, including cybersecurity, could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our businesses. ● Our general partner and its affiliates have conflicts of interest and limited fiduciary duties, which could permit them to favor their own interests to the detriment of our unitholders. ● Unitholders have limited voting rights and are not entitled to elect our general partner or its directors or remove our general partner without the consent of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding common units (including common units held by our general partner and its affiliates), which could lower the trading price of our units. ● Our tax treatment depends on our status as a partnership for federal income tax purposes. ● Unitholders are required to pay taxes on their share of our income even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements after the date they are made, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Available Information We make available free of charge through our website, www.globalp.com, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file or furnish such material with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). These documents are also available at the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. Our website also includes our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, our Governance Guidelines and the charters of our Audit Committee and Compensation Committee. 5 Table of Contents In addition to our reports filed or furnished with the SEC, we publicly disclose material information from time to time in our press releases, in publicly accessible conferences and investor presentations, and through our website. References to our website in this Form 10-K are provided as a convenience and do not constitute, and should not be deemed, an incorporation by reference of the information contained on, or available through, the website, and such information should not be considered part of this Form 10-K. ​ ​ ​ 6 Table of Contents PART I ​ References in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to “Global Partners LP,” “Partnership,” “we,” “our,” “us” or like terms refer to Global Partners LP and its subsidiaries. References to “our general partner” refer to Global GP LLC. Items 1. and 2. Business and Properties . Overview We are a master limited partnership formed in March 2005. We own, control or have access to a large terminal network of refined petroleum products and renewable fuels—with connectivity to strategic rail, pipeline and marine assets—spanning from Maine to Florida and into the U.S. Gulf States. We are one of the largest independent owners, suppliers and operators of gasoline stations and convenience stores, primarily in Massachusetts, Maine, Connecticut, Vermont, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, New York, New Jersey and Pennsylvania (collectively, the “Northeast”) and Maryland and Virginia. As of December 31, 2025, we had a portfolio of 1,524 owned, leased and/or supplied gasoline stations, including 290 directly operated convenience stores, primarily in the Northeast, as well as 67 gasoline stations located in Texas that are operated or supplied by our joint venture, Spring Partners Retail LLC (“SPR”). We are also one of the largest distributors of gasoline, distillates, residual oil and renewable fuels to wholesalers, retailers and commercial customers in the New England states and New York. We engage in the purchasing, selling, gathering, blending, storing and logistics of transporting petroleum and related products, including gasoline and gasoline blendstocks (such as ethanol), distillates (such as home heating oil, diesel and kerosene), residual oil, renewable fuels, crude oil and propane and in the transportation of petroleum products and renewable fuels by rail from the mid-continent region of the United States and Canada. We purchase refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil primarily from domestic and foreign refiners and ethanol producers, crude oil producers, major and independent oil companies and trading companies. We operate our businesses under three segments: (i) Wholesale, (ii) Gasoline Distribution and Station Operations (“GDSO”) and (iii) Commercial. Global GP LLC, our general partner, manages our operations and activities and employs our officers and substantially all of our personnel, except for most of our gasoline station and convenience store employees who are employed by our wholly owned subsidiary, Global Montello Group Corp. (“GMG”) and for substantially all of the employees who primarily or exclusively provide services to SPR, who are employed by SPR Operator LLC, also a wholly owned subsidiary of ours. 2025 Events Expansion of Marine Fuel Supply Operations —In October 2025, we expanded our marine fuel supply operations into the Gulf Coast with throughput and barge time-charter arrangements that enable operations in the Port of Houston and adjacent Gulf Coast ports, including Freeport, Beaumont and Lake Charles. 2033 Notes Offering and 2027 Notes Tender Offer and Redemption —On June 23, 2025, we and GLP Finance Corp. (the “Issuers”) issued $450.0 million aggregate principal amount of 7.125% senior notes due 2033 (the “2033 Notes”) in a private placement exempt from the registration requirements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). We used the net proceeds from the offering to fund the purchase of a portion of our 7.00% senior notes due 2027 (the “2027 Notes”) in a cash tender offer and to repay a portion of the borrowings outstanding under our credit agreement. On August 1, 2025, the Issuers redeemed the remaining 2027 Notes not purchased in the tender offer. See Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Senior Notes.” Amendment to the Credit Agreement —On March 20, 2025, we and certain of our subsidiaries entered into the eleventh amendment to the third amended and restated credit agreement which, among other things, (i) extended the maturity date from May 2, 2026 to March 20, 2028, (ii) increased the working capital revolving credit facility from 7 Table of Contents $950.0 million to $1.0 billion, and (iii) decreased the revolving credit facility from $600.0 million to $500.0 million. See Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Credit Agreement.” Investment in Real Estate —On January 23, 2025, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, Global HQ 2 LLC, invested in BIG GRP 275 Grove JV LLC, a joint venture formed with unrelated third parties to acquire and operate an office building located in Newton, Massachusetts. Also on January 23, 2025, we signed a 12-year lease arrangement for space in this property that will serve as our principal executive office at the termination of our existing leased space in Waltham, Massachusetts in 2026. See Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. Operating Segments We operate our businesses under three segments: (i) Wholesale, (ii) GDSO and (iii) Commercial. In 2025, our Wholesale, GDSO and Commercial sales accounted for approximately 68%, 26% and 6% of our total sales, respectively. Wholesale In our Wholesale segment, we engage in the logistics of selling, gathering, blending, storing and transporting refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels, crude oil and propane. We transport these products by railcars, barges, trucks and/or pipelines pursuant to spot or long-term contracts. We sell home heating oil, branded and unbranded gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, diesel, kerosene and residual oil to retail and wholesale distributors. Generally, customers use their own vehicles or contract carriers to take delivery of the gasoline, distillates and propane at bulk terminals and inland storage facilities that we own or control or at which we have throughput or exchange arrangements. Ethanol is shipped primarily by rail and by barge. Gasoline Distribution and Station Operations In our GDSO segment, gasoline distribution includes sales of branded and unbranded gasoline to gasoline station operators and sub-jobbers. Station operations include (i) convenience store and prepared food sales, (ii) rental income from gasoline stations leased to dealers, from commissioned agents and from cobranding arrangements and (iii) sundries (such as car wash sales and lottery and ATM commissions). As of December 31, 2025, we had a portfolio of owned, leased and/or supplied gasoline stations, primarily in the Northeast, that consisted of the following: ​ ​ ​ ​ Company operated ​ ​ ​ 290 ​ Commissioned agents 328 ​ Lessee dealers 164 ​ Contract dealers 742 ​ Total (1) 1,524 ​ (1) Excludes 67 sites operated or supplied by our joint venture, SPR (see Note 17 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements). Commercial In our Commercial segment, we include sales and deliveries to end user customers in the public sector and to large commercial and industrial end users of unbranded gasoline, home heating oil, diesel, kerosene, residual oil and bunker fuel. In the case of public sector commercial and industrial end user customers, we sell products primarily either through a competitive bidding process or through contracts of various terms. We respond to publicly issued requests for product proposals and quotes. We generally arrange for the delivery of the product to the customer’s designated location. Our Commercial segment also includes sales of custom blended fuels delivered by barges or from a terminal dock to ships through bunkering activity. 8 Table of Contents Products General The following table presents our product sales and other revenues as a percentage of our consolidated sales for the years ended December 31: ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ ​ 2025 ​ ​ ​ 2024 ​ ​ ​ 2023 Gasoline sales: gasoline and gasoline blendstocks (such as ethanol) 65 % 67 % 68 % Distillates (home heating oil, diesel and kerosene), residual oil and crude oil sales 32 % 30 % 28 % Convenience store and prepared food sales, rental income and sundries ​ 3 % 3 % 4 % Total 100 % 100 % 100 % The above table excludes the 67 sites operated or supplied by our joint venture, SPR. Gasoline. We sell substantially all grades of branded and unbranded gasoline and we sell gasoline blendstocks, such as ethanol, that comply with seasonal and geographical requirements in the areas in which we market. Distillates. Distillates are primarily divided into home heating oil, diesel and kerosene. In 2025, sales of diesel, home heating oil and kerosene accounted for approximately 74%, 25% and 1%, respectively, of our total volume of distillates sold. The distillates we sell are used primarily for fuel for trucks and off-road construction equipment and for space heating of residential and commercial buildings. We sell generic home heating oil and Heating Oil Plus™, our proprietary premium branded heating oil that is electronically blended at the delivery facility, to wholesale distributors and retailers. In addition, we sell the additive used to create Heating Oil Plus™ to some wholesale distributors, make injection systems available to them and provide technical support to assist them with blending. We also educate the sales force of our customers to better prepare them for marketing our products to their customers. We have a fixed price sales program that we market primarily to wholesale distributors and retailers which uses the New York Mercantile Exchange (“NYMEX”) heating oil contract as the pricing benchmark and as the vehicle to manage the commodity risk. Please read “—Commodity Risk Management.” In 2025, approximately 31% of our home heating oil volume was sold using forward fixed price contracts. A forward fixed price contract requires our customer to purchase a specific volume at a specific price during a specific period. The remaining home heating oil volume was sold on either a posted price or a price based on various indices which, in both instances, reflect current market conditions. We sell generic diesel and Diesel One ® , our proprietary premium diesel fuel product. We offer marketing and technical support for those customers who purchase Diesel One ® . Residual Oil. We sell residual oil to industrial, commercial and marine customers. We specially blend product for users in accordance with their individual power specifications and for marine transport. Crude Oil. We engage in the purchasing, selling, storing and logistics of transporting domestic and Canadian crude oil and other products via pipeline, rail and barge from the mid-continent region of the United States and Canada for distribution to refiners and other customers. Convenience Store Items and Sundries. We sell a broad selection of food, beverages, snacks, grocery and non-food merchandise at our convenience store locations and generate sundry sales, such as car wash sales and lottery and ATM commissions, at our convenience store locations. 9 Table of Contents Significant Customers None of our customers accounted for greater than 10% of total sales for years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023. Assets Terminals As of December 31, 2025, we owned, leased or maintained dedicated storage facilities at 54 bulk terminals throughout the United States, each with the capacity to receive petroleum products via marine vessel, pipeline and/or rail, with a collective storage capacity of approximately 22.3 million barrels. Some of our storage tankage is versatile, allowing us to switch tankage from one product to another. We also maintain commingled storage at numerous smaller inland terminals owned and operated by third parties. Our bulk terminals located in New York, Vermont, Oregon, Georgia and Florida include rail facilities capable of handling refined and renewable products. In North Dakota, we own two bulk terminals with rail facilities permitted to receive, store or distribute crude oil. In Albany, New York, we also have an additional rail-fed storage terminal capable of handling propane. The bulk terminals from which we distribute product are supplied by ship, barge, truck, pipeline and/or rail. The inland storage facilities, which we use primarily to store and distribute distillates, are mostly supplied with product delivered by truck from bulk terminals. Our customers receive product from our network of bulk terminals and inland storage facilities primarily via truck, pipeline and/or rail. In connection with our businesses, we may lease or otherwise secure the right to use certain third-party assets (such as railcars and barges). As of December 31, 2025, we supported our rail activity with a fleet of 48 leased general-purpose railcars. We lease railcars from a third party under a lease arrangement that expires in 2027, and we also lease barges from third parties through various time charter lease arrangements with various expiration dates. We are also party to pipeline connection agreements which connect certain of our terminals to interstate pipelines. Many of our bulk terminals operate 24 hours a day and consist of multiple storage tanks and a truck rack with an automated truck loading system. These automated systems monitor terminal access, volumetric allocations, credit control and carrier certification through the remote identification of customers. In addition, some of the bulk terminals from which we market are equipped with truck loading racks capable of providing automated blending and additive packages which meet our customers’ specific requirements. We use throughput arrangements for storage of product at terminals owned by others, including terminals where we do not maintain dedicated storage. We or our customers can load product at these terminals, and we pay the owners of these terminals fees for services rendered in connection with the receipt, storage and handling of such product. Compensation to the terminal owners may be fixed or based upon the volume of our product that is delivered and sold at the terminal. Our throughput agreements may require us to throughput a minimum volume over an agreed-upon period and may include make-up rights if the minimum volume is not met. We have exchange agreements with customers and suppliers. An exchange agreement is a contractual arrangement where the parties exchange product at their respective terminals or facilities. For example, we (or our customers) receive product that is owned by our exchange partner from such party’s facility or terminal, and we deliver the same volume of our product to such party (or to such party’s customers) out of one of the terminals in our terminal network. Generally, both sides of an exchange transaction pay a handling fee (similar to a throughput fee), and often one party also pays a location differential that covers any excess transportation costs incurred by the other party in supplying product to the location at which the first party receives product. Other differentials that may occur in exchanges (and result in additional payments) include product value differentials and timing differentials. 10 Table of Contents We also use throughput arrangements to store product owned by others at certain terminals owned by us. The storage of such product is generally on a commingled basis, meaning that our customers store their product together with the product of others, including us. Our terminalling customers pay us fees for services rendered in connection with the receipt, storage and handling of their product at our terminals. Compensation is primarily based upon the volume of a customer’s product that is delivered and sold at our terminal. The throughput agreements may require our customers to throughput a minimum volume over an agreed-upon period and may include make-up rights if the minimum volume is not met. We sometimes purchase or sell products at terminals owned by us and/or owned by others under rack purchase agreements. Rack purchase agreements enable us to receive (when we are the customer) or deliver (when we are the supplier) product at a terminal’s truck rack. Ownership of the product typically transfers when product passes through the flange connecting the terminal’s truck rack infrastructure and a hauler’s tanker truck. Rack purchase agreements have terms of varying length, with pricing often tied to an index plus a pricing differential and sometimes have minimum and maximum quantity requirements. Gasoline Stations As of December 31, 2025, we had a portfolio of 1,524 owned, leased and/or supplied gasoline stations, including 290 directly operated convenience stores, primarily in the Northeast, as well as 67 gasoline stations located in Texas that are operated or supplied by our joint venture, SPR. At our company-operated stores, we operate the gasoline stations and convenience stores with our employees, and we set the retail price of gasoline at the station. At commissioned agent locations, we own the gasoline inventory, and we set the retail price of gasoline at the station and pay the commissioned agent a fee related to the gallons sold. We receive rental income from commissioned agent leased gasoline stations for the leasing of the convenience store premises, repair bays and/or other businesses that may be conducted by the commissioned agent. At dealer-leased locations, the dealer purchases gasoline from us, and the dealer sets the retail price of gasoline at the dealer’s station. We also receive rental income from (i) dealer-leased gasoline stations and (ii) cobranding arrangements. We also supply gasoline to locations owned and/or leased by independent contract dealers. Additionally, we have contractual relationships with distributors in certain New England states pursuant to which we source and supply these distributors’ gasoline stations with Exxon- or Mobil-branded gasoline. Supply Our products, including refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks and renewable fuels, come from some of the major energy companies and refineries in the world as well as North American crude oil producers. Products can be sourced from the United States, Canada, Mexico, South America, Europe and occasionally from Asia. Most of our products are delivered by water, pipeline, rail or truck. We enter into supply agreements with these suppliers on a term basis or a spot basis. With respect to trade terms, our supply purchases vary depending on the particular contract from prompt payment (usually two days) to net 30 days. Please read “—Commodity Risk Management.” We obtain our convenience store inventory from traditional suppliers. Seasonality Due to the nature of our businesses and our reliance, in part, on consumer travel and spending patterns, we may experience more demand for gasoline during the late spring and summer months than during the fall and winter months. Travel and recreational activities are typically higher in these months in the geographic areas in which we operate, increasing the demand for gasoline. Therefore, our volumes in gasoline are typically higher in the second and third quarters of the calendar year. As demand for some of our refined petroleum products, specifically home heating oil and residual oil for space heating purposes, is generally greater during the winter months, heating oil and residual oil volumes are generally higher during the first and fourth quarters of the calendar year. These factors may result in fluctuations in our quarterly operating results. 11 Table of Contents Commodity Risk Management When we take title to the products that we sell, we are exposed to commodity risk. Commodity risk is the risk of unfavorable market fluctuations in the price of commodities such as refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil. We endeavor to minimize commodity risk in connection with our daily operations through hedging by the use of exchange-traded futures contracts on regulated exchanges or using other over-the-counter derivatives, and then lift hedges as we sell the product for physical delivery to third parties. Products are generally purchased and sold at spot market prices, fixed prices or indexed prices, with certain adjustments based on quality and freight due to location differences and prevailing supply and demand conditions, as well as other factors. While we use these transactions to seek to maintain a position that is substantially balanced within our commodity product purchase and sales activities, we may experience net unbalanced positions for short periods of time as a result of variances in daily purchases and sales and transportation and delivery schedules as well as other logistical issues inherent in our businesses, such as weather conditions. In connection with managing these positions, we are aided by maintaining a constant presence in the marketplace. We also engage in a controlled trading program with an aggregate outright commodity exposure of up to 250,000 barrels at any one point in time. Our policy is generally to purchase only products for which we have a market and to structure our sales contracts so that price fluctuations do not materially affect our profit. While our policies are designed to minimize market risk, as well as inherent basis risk, exposure to fluctuations in market conditions remains. Operating results are sensitive to a number of factors. Such factors include commodity location, grades of product, individual customer demand for grades or location of product, localized market price structures, availability of transportation facilities, daily delivery volumes that vary from expected quantities and timing and costs to deliver the commodity to the customer. Basis risk is the inherent market price risk created when a commodity of a certain grade or location is purchased, sold or exchanged as compared to a purchase, sale or exchange of a commodity at a different time or place, including transportation costs and timing differentials. We attempt to reduce our exposure to basis risk by grouping our purchase and sale activities by geographical region and commodity quality in order to stay balanced within such designated region. However, basis risk cannot be entirely eliminated, and basis exposure, particularly in backward markets (when prices for future deliveries are lower than current prices) or other adverse market conditions, can adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. With respect to the pricing of commodities, we utilize exchange-traded futures contracts and other derivative instruments to minimize or hedge the impact of commodity price changes on our inventories and forward fixed price commitments. Any hedge ineffectiveness is reflected in our results of operations. We utilize regulated exchanges, including the NYMEX, the Chicago Mercantile Exchange (“CME”) and the Intercontinental-Exchange (“ICE”), which are exchanges for the respective commodities that each trades, thereby reducing potential delivery and supply risks. Generally, our practice is to close all exchange positions rather than to make or receive physical deliveries. We monitor processes and procedures to prevent unauthorized trading by our personnel and to maintain substantial balance between purchases and sales or future delivery obligations. We can provide no assurance, however, that these steps will eliminate commodity risk or detect and prevent all violations of such trading processes and procedures, particularly if deception or other intentional misconduct is involved. In our Wholesale segment, we obtain Renewable Identification Numbers (“RINs”) in connection with our purchase of ethanol which is used for bulk trading purposes or for blending with gasoline through our terminal system. A RIN is a renewable identification number associated with government-mandated renewable fuel standards. To evidence that the required volume of renewable fuel is blended with gasoline, obligated parties must retire sufficient RINs to cover their Renewable Volume Obligation (“RVO”). Our U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) obligations relative to renewable fuel reporting are comprised of foreign gasoline and diesel that we may import and blending operations at certain facilities. As a wholesaler of transportation fuels through our terminals, we separate RINs from renewable fuel through blending with gasoline and can use those separated RINs to settle our RVO. While the annual compliance period for the RVO is a calendar year and the settlement of the RVO typically occurs by March 31 of the following year, the settlement of the RVO can occur, under certain EPA deferral actions, more than one year after the close of the compliance period. Our Wholesale segment operating results may be sensitive to the timing associated with our RIN position relative to our RVO at a point in time, and we may recognize a mark-to-market liability for a shortfall in RINs at 12 Table of Contents the end of each reporting period. To the extent that we do not have a sufficient number of RINs to satisfy our RVO as of the balance sheet date, we charge cost of sales for such deficiency based on the market price of the RINs as of the balance sheet date and record a liability representing our obligation to purchase RINs. For more information about our policies and procedures to minimize our exposure to market risk, including commodity market risk, please read Part II, Item 7A, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” Competition In each of our operating segments, we encounter varying degrees of competition based on product and geographic locations and available logistics. Our competitors include terminal companies, major integrated oil companies and their marketing affiliates, wholesalers, producers and independent marketers of varying sizes, financial resources and experience. In our markets, we compete in various product lines and for all customers of those various product lines. In the residual oil markets, however, where product is heated when stored and cannot be delivered long distances, we face less competition because of the strategic locations of our residual oil storage facilities. We supply oil to industrial, commercial and marine customers. We also compete with natural gas suppliers and marketers in our home heating oil and residual oil product lines. Bunkering requires facilities at ports to service vessels. In various other geographic markets, particularly with respect to unbranded gasoline and distillates markets, we compete with integrated refiners, merchant refiners and regional marketing companies. Our retail gasoline stations compete with unbranded and branded retail gasoline stations as well as supermarket and warehouse stores that sell gasoline, and our convenience stores compete with other convenience store chains, independent convenience stores, supermarkets, drugstores, discount warehouse clubs, motor fuel stations, mass merchants, quick service restaurants and other similar retail outlets. Employees and Human Capital To carry out our operations, our general partner and certain of our operating subsidiaries employed a total of approximately 4,700 employees, including approximately 3,265 full-time employees, as of December 31, 2025, of which approximately 130 employees were represented by labor unions under collective bargaining agreements with various expiration dates. We strive to maintain positive relations with our employees. Our values and culture are central to attracting, developing and retaining the talented employees who drive our success. We offer competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits designed to support employee well-being, engagement and long-term growth. These benefits include, depending on role and employment status, medical, dental and vision coverage; prescription drug benefits; paid time off; parental and military leave; disability and life insurance; mental and behavioral health resources; retirement savings plans; and educational reimbursement programs. We are focused on securing top talent and building future leaders through tailored approaches to hiring and development. At our retail locations, we streamline recruiting with expedited application and processes, including chat-to-apply options and referral incentives. In our corporate offices, we offer flexible working policies that support productivity and work-life balance. Ongoing learning and development are key priorities. All employees have access to curated internal learning programs, new hire training and other on demand learning in our Global University, our online training platform that supports skill-building and career progression. We also foster leadership development through initiatives such as the Global Business Leaders’ Roundtable, which provides employees with direct access to senior leadership, a Global Leadership Program for individuals seeking a larger leadership role and a Global Manager’s Essential Program, which equips new managers with tools and individualized coaching and support as needed to be successful. Open communication and mutual respect are foundational to our workplace culture. We promote transparency and collaboration through town halls, internal engagement platforms and regular company-wide communications, ensuring employees feel heard, valued and treated fairly. The health and safety of our employees remain our top priority. We are committed to maintaining safe workplaces and operating responsibly in a manner that supports both our people and the communities we serve. 13 Table of Contents Title to Properties, Permits and Licenses We believe we have all of the assets needed, including leases, permits and licenses, to operate our businesses in all material respects. With respect to any consents, permits or authorizations that have not been obtained, we believe that the failure to obtain these consents, permits or authorizations will have no material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We believe we have satisfactory title to all of our assets. Title to property, including certain sites within our GDSO segment, may be subject to encumbrances, including repurchase rights and use, operating and environmental covenants and restrictions. We believe that none of these encumbrances will materially detract from the value of our properties or from our interest in these properties, nor will they materially interfere with the use of these properties in the operation of our businesses. The name GLOBAL ® , our Global logos and the name Global Petroleum Corp. ® are our trademarks. In addition, we have trademarks for our premium fuels and additives: Heating Oil Plus™ and the Heating Oil Plus ® logo, SubZero ® and the SubZero ® logo, Diesel One ® and the Diesel One ® logo, Diesel 1 ® , the Diesel 1™ logo, the tagline Legacy.Technology.Performance. ® , GlobalGlo ® and GlobalGlo Low Carbon Solutions ® . Our Global online customer portal for buying, bidding and contract management is operated under the name GlobalCONNECT ® . We also own registrations and use the following trademarks, among others, for our convenience store business: A Fresh Take on Everything ® , Alltown ® , Alltown Fresh & logo ® , Fresh with Benefits ® , Alltown Insiders ® , Alltown Market ® , Alltown Neighborhood Perks ® , Centre St. Kitchen ® , Fast Freddie’s ® , Mr. Mike’s ® , Deli Joe’s ® , Xtra Mart & logo ® , Xtra Mart Convenience Stores ® , XtraCafe ® , HF Honey Farms & logo ® , Wheels & logo ® , ONWARD TM , and Bee’s Knees Benefits & logo TM . We also own the trademark Jiffy Mart & logo SM . We also have rights to use O’Connell’s Convenience Plus SM , T-Bird SM , Miller’s Mart ® and related marks. Facilities We lease office space for our principal executive office in Waltham, Massachusetts. This lease expires on July 31, 2026 with extension options through July 31, 2036. In addition, we have leases for various small office spaces in other states for which we utilize to support our operations. On January 23, 2025, we, through our wholly owned subsidiary, Global HQ 2 LLC, invested in BIG GRP 275 Grove JV LLC, a joint venture formed with unrelated third parties to acquire and operate an office building located in Newton, Massachusetts. Also on January 23, 2025, we signed a 12-year lease arrangement for space in this property that will serve as our principal executive office at the termination of our existing leased space in Waltham, Massachusetts in 2026. Regulation General Our businesses of supplying primarily refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil involve a number of activities that are subject to extensive and stringent environmental laws. In addition, these laws are frequently modified or revised to impose new obligations. Our operations use a number of petroleum and other products storage and distribution facilities. These facilities include terminals, transloading facilities and gasoline stations that we do not own or operate, but at which refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil are stored. We use these facilities through several different contractual arrangements, including leases and throughput and terminalling services agreements. If facilities with which we contract that are owned and operated by third parties fail to comply with environmental laws, they could be shut down or their operations could be compromised, requiring us to incur costs to use alternative facilities. 14 Table of Contents State, federal, and municipal laws and regulations, including, without limitation, those governing environmental matters can restrict or impact our business activities in many ways, such as: ● requiring remedial action to mitigate releases of hydrocarbons, hazardous substances or wastes caused by our operations or attributable to former operators; ● requiring our operations to obtain, maintain and renew permits which can obligate us to incur capital expenditures to comply with environmental control requirements and which may restrict our operations; ● enjoining the operations of facilities found to be noncompliant with applicable laws and regulations; ● inability to renew, modify or obtain permits on terms and conditions that are satisfactory to maintain existing operations, to modify and/or expand existing operations and to conduct new operations; and ● limiting or restricting the products we may sell at our company-operated convenience stores. Any such failures to comply may also trigger administrative, civil and possibly criminal enforcement measures, including monetary penalties and remedial requirements. Certain statutes impose strict, joint and several liability for costs required to clean up and restore sites where hydrocarbons, hazardous substances or wastes have been released or disposed of. Moreover, neighboring landowners and other third parties may file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the release of hydrocarbons, hazardous substances or other wastes into the environment. Our operating permits are subject to modification, renewal and revocation. We regularly monitor and review our operations, procedures and policies for compliance with permits, laws and regulations. Risk of noncompliance, permit interpretation, permit modification, renewal of permits on less favorable terms, judicial or administrative challenges of permits or permit revocation are inherent in the operation of our businesses, as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses. The trend in environmental regulation has been to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that may affect the environment over time. As a result, there can be no assurance as to the amount or timing of future expenditures for environmental compliance or remediation, and actual future expenditures may be different from the amounts we currently anticipate. We try to anticipate future regulatory requirements that might be imposed and plan accordingly to remain in compliance with changing environmental laws and regulations and minimize the costs of such compliance. We do not believe that compliance with federal, state or municipal laws, including environmental laws and regulations will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We can provide no assurance, however, that future events, such as changes in existing laws (including changes in the interpretation of existing laws), changes in presidential administrations, the promulgation of new laws, or the development or discovery of new facts or conditions will not cause us to incur significant costs or will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Hazardous Substance Releases and Waste Handling Our businesses are subject to laws that relate to the release of hazardous substances into the water, air or soils and require, among other things, measures to control pollution of the environment. For instance, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, as amended, also known as CERCLA or the Superfund law, and comparable state laws impose liability, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, on certain classes of persons who are considered to be responsible for the release of hazardous substances into the environment. Under the Superfund law, these persons may be subject to joint and several liability for the costs of cleaning up hazardous substances that have been released into the environment, for damages to natural resources and for the costs of certain health studies. In the course of our ordinary operations, we may generate, store or otherwise handle materials and wastes that fall within the Superfund law’s definition of a hazardous substance and, as a result, we may be jointly and severally liable under the Superfund law for all or part of the costs required to clean up sites at which those hazardous 15 Table of Contents substances have been released into the environment. Under these laws, we could be required to remove or remediate previously disposed wastes, including wastes disposed of or released by prior owners or operators, clean up contaminated property, including groundwater contaminated by prior owners or operators, or make capital improvements to prevent future contamination. Our operations generate a variety of wastes, including some hazardous wastes that are subject to the federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, as amended (“RCRA”) and comparable state laws. These regulations impose detailed requirements for the handling, storage, treatment and disposal of hazardous waste. Our operations also generate solid wastes which are regulated under state law or the less stringent solid waste requirements of the federal Solid Waste Disposal Act. We believe that our operations are in substantial compliance with the existing requirements of RCRA, the Solid Waste Disposal Act and similar state and municipal laws, and the cost involved in complying with these requirements is not material. We also incur ongoing costs for monitoring groundwater and/or remediation of contamination at several facilities that we operate. We believe we are in substantial compliance with applicable hazardous substance releases and waste handling requirements related to our operations. We do not believe that compliance with federal, state or municipal hazardous substance releases and waste handling regulations will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash available for distribution to our unitholders. However, these and future statutes, regulatory changes or initiatives regarding hazardous substance releases and waste handling could directly and indirectly increase our operating and compliance costs. For example, in May 2024, the EPA finalized a rule designating certain chemicals (per- and poly-fluoroalkyl substances, also known as “PFAS”) as hazardous substances under CERCLA. More recently, in September 2025, the EPA announced its intention to develop a “Framework Rule” to guide future hazardous substance designations, including the consideration of costs to manufacturers, passive receivers of PFAS, consumers, and the economy. In 2023, the EPA undertook several other regulatory actions related to PFAS chemicals, including, among others, updates to the EPA’s Toxic Release Inventory (“TRI”) program to remove an exemption for reporting PFAS, and included PFAS exposure as a National Enforcement and Compliance Initiative for fiscal years 2024-2027. Further, in accordance with the National Defense Authorization Act, the EPA added seven individual PFAS to the list of chemicals covered by TRI reporting and an additional nine PFAS in 2025. Moreover, certain states are also taking action to regulate PFAS with regards to reporting, remediation, and product safety. Should any PFAS contamination be detected at sites that we currently own or operate, or formerly owned or operated, or where we stored, treated or disposed of wastes containing PFAS, we may be obligated to remediate any such materials. We cannot predict the impact of future regulation of presently unregulated substances, but the prospect of such regulation creates additional uncertainty. Above Ground Storage Tanks Above ground tanks that contain petroleum and other hazardous substances are subject to comprehensive regulation under environmental and other laws. Generally, these laws require secondary containment systems for tanks or that the operators take alternative precautions to ensure that no contamination results from tank leaks or spills and impose liability for releases from the tanks. We believe we are in substantial compliance with environmental laws and regulations applicable to above ground storage tanks. Under the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (“OPA”) and comparable state laws, responsible parties for a regulated facility from which products are spilled may be subject to strict, joint and several liability for removal costs and certain other consequences of any spill such as natural resource damages, where the spill is into navigable waters, groundwater or along shorelines and other resource areas, and damages to private properties. Under the authority of the federal Clean Water Act, the EPA imposes specific requirements for Spill Prevention, Control and Countermeasure Plans and Facility Response Plans that are designed to prevent, and minimize the impacts of, releases of oil and other products from above ground storage tanks. We believe we are in substantial compliance with regulations pursuant to OPA, the Clean Water Act and similar state laws. We follow the American Petroleum Institute’s inspection, maintenance and repair standard applicable to our above ground storage tanks. 16 Table of Contents Underground Storage Tanks We are required to make financial expenditures to comply with regulations governing underground storage tanks (“USTs”) which store gasoline or other regulated substances adopted by federal, state and municipal regulatory agencies. Pursuant to RCRA, the EPA has established a comprehensive regulatory program for the detection, prevention, investigation and cleanup of leaking USTs. State or local agencies may be delegated the responsibility for implementing the federal program or developing and implementing equivalent or stricter state or local regulations. We have a comprehensive program in place for performing routine tank testing and other compliance activities which are intended to promptly detect and investigate any potential releases. We believe we are in substantial compliance with applicable environmental requirements, including those applicable to our USTs. Compliance with existing and future environmental laws regulating UST systems of the kind we use may require significant capital expenditures in the future. These expenditures may include upgrades, modifications, and the replacement of USTs and related piping to comply with current and future regulatory requirements designed to ensure the detection, prevention, investigation and remediation of leaks and spills. Water Discharges The federal Clean Water Act imposes restrictions regarding the discharge of pollutants, including oil and refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil, into waters of the United States. This law and comparable state laws may require permits for discharging pollutants into state and federal waters, including certain underground sources, and impose substantial liabilities and remedial obligations for noncompliance. We hold these discharge permits for our facilities, as applicable. These state and federal laws are subject to uncertainty due to ongoing proposed regulatory revisions, ongoing litigation and the recent change in federal administration. This uncertainty extends to, among other regulatory provisions, the definition of waters of the United States (“WOTUS”), which continues to be the subject of regulatory redefinitions (as well as ongoing litigation). In September 2023, the EPA and the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (the “Corps”) issued a final rule conforming the regulatory definition of WOTUS to the U.S. Supreme Court’s 2023 decision in Sackett v. EPA, which narrowed the scope of federally jurisdictional waters to “relatively permanent, standing, or continuously flowing bodies of water” and wetlands with a “continuous surface connection” to such waters. However, the rule is currently subject to litigation. As a result, the September 2023 rule is currently in effect in only 24 states, and the EPA and the Corps are using the pre-2015 definition of WOTUS in the other 26 states. In November 2025, the EPA and the Corps issued a proposed rule to further update and narrow the definition of WOTUS. The current administration may seek to take additional action with respect to these regulations, the substance and timing of which cannot be predicted. Uncertainty also extends to potential changes in regulated pollutants and applicable standards and the regulation of discharges to groundwater. All of these actions could expand jurisdiction or restrict discharges due to revised standards. This regulatory uncertainty may result in a need for additional or amended permits in areas that were not formerly subject to the Clean Water Act, which may impact operations in the future and result in increased costs. EPA regulations also may require us to obtain permits to discharge certain storm water runoff. Storm water discharge permits also may be required by certain states in which we operate. We believe that we hold the required permits and operate in material compliance with those permits. While we have experienced periodic permit discharge exceedences at some of our terminals, we do not expect any noncompliance with existing permits and foreseeable new permit requirements to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Air Emissions Under the federal Clean Air Act (the “CAA”) and comparable state and local laws, permits are typically required to emit regulated air pollutants into the atmosphere above certain thresholds. We believe that we currently hold or have applied for all necessary air permits and that we are in substantial compliance with applicable air laws and regulations. Although we can give no assurances, we are aware of no changes to air quality regulations that will have a 17 Table of Contents material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Various federal, state and municipal agencies have the authority to prescribe product quality specifications for the petroleum products and renewable fuels that we sell, largely in an effort to reduce air pollution. Failure to comply with these regulations can result in substantial penalties. Although we can give no assurances, we believe we are currently in substantial compliance with these regulations. Changes in product quality specifications could require us to incur additional handling costs or reduce our throughput volume. For instance, different product specifications for different markets, such as sulfur content for transportation fuels and home heating fuels, could require the construction of additional storage. In December 2020, the EPA maintained the November 2015 National Ambient Air Quality Standards (“NAAQS”) for ground-level ozone. A designation of nonattainment can lead the governing state to issue more stringent limits on existing sources of those precursor pollutants within the designated nonattainment area. However, in October 2021, the EPA announced that it would reconsider the December 2020 determination to maintain the November 2015 NAAQS. Though the CAA requires periodic review of the 2015 ozone NAAQS, the EPA has yet to issue a conclusion on the decision to maintain the November 2015 standard or propose a new ozone standard. Until a final review is released, the full extent of the impacts of any new standards is not clear. However, any revisions have the potential to change the nonattainment designations and could have a material impact on our operations and cost-structure, which would be determined on an individual permit by permit basis. Climate Change The threat of climate change continues to attract considerable attention in the United States and in foreign countries. In the United States, no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level; however, several states have implemented their own efforts to curb greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions. To the extent that our operations are subject to restrictions on GHG emissions, we may face increased capital and operating costs associated with new or expanded facilities. Significant expansions of our existing facilities or construction of new facilities may be subject to the CAA’s requirements for review of pollutants regulated under the Prevention of Significant Deterioration and Title V programs. Some of our facilities and operations are also subject to the EPA’s Mandatory Reporting of Greenhouse Gases rule, and any further regulation may increase our operational costs. Some states in which we do business, including New York, have enacted measures requiring regulatory agencies to consider potential sea level rise in the performance of their regulatory duties. The EPA has proposed or finalized New Source Performance Standards (“NSPS”) for a number of emissions categories, including methane and volatile organic compound emissions from certain activities in the oil and gas sector. In December 2023, the EPA finalized more stringent methane rules for new, modified, and reconstructed facilities, known as OOOOb, as well as standards for existing sources for the first time ever, known as OOOOc. The rule provided states two years to prepare and submit their plans to impose methane emissions controls on existing sources. The presumptive standards established under the final rule are generally the same for both new and existing sources and include enhanced leak detection survey requirements using optical gas imaging and other advanced monitoring to encourage the deployment of innovative techniques to reduce methane emissions, reduction of emissions by 95% through capture and control systems, zero-emission requirements for certain devices, and the establishment of a “super-emitter” response program that would allow third parties to make reports to the EPA of large methane emission events, triggering certain investigation and repair requirements. The rule gave states until March 2026 to develop and submit their plans for reducing methane emissions from existing sources, and the rule provided until 2029 for existing sources to comply. However, in March 2025, the EPA announced plans to reconsider Subparts OOOOb and OOOOc and, in November 2025, the EPA finalized an interim final rule extending certain compliance deadlines, as well as the deadline for states to submit plans. Litigation challenging the interim final rule remains pending. President Biden signed into law on August 16, 2022 the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”), which contains hundreds of billions in incentives for the development of renewable energy, clean hydrogen, clean fuels, electric vehicles and supporting infrastructure and carbon capture and sequestration, amongst other provisions. The IRA also 18 Table of Contents imposes a fee on methane from certain sources in the oil and natural gas sector. However, the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”), signed into law in July 2025, amended the CAA to postpone the implementation of the fee until 2034. Although the OBBBA made various changes to the incentives created under the IRA, including elimination of electric vehicle credits, if the incentives offered for various clean energy industries referenced above are pursued in the future, they could further accelerate the transition of the economy away from the use of fossil fuels and decrease demand for gasoline and diesel, increase our compliance and operating costs and consequently adversely affect our business. Under Subpart MM of the Mandatory Greenhouse Gas Reporting Rule (“MRR”), importers and exporters of petroleum products, including distillates and natural gas liquids, must report the GHG emissions that would result from the complete combustion of all imported and exported products if such combustion would result in the emission of at least 25,000 metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent per year. We currently report under Subpart MM because of the volume of petroleum products we typically import. Compliance with the MRR does not substantially impact our operations. However, any change in regulations based on GHG emissions reported in compliance with MRR may limit our ability to import petroleum products or increase our costs to import such products. The EPA has also issued standards to regulate emissions of GHGs from mobile sources. Generally, these standards have incremental annual increases; however, in recent years, significant regulatory changes and related litigation have cast uncertainty on the pace of state and federal efforts to further accelerate fuel economy objectives, which are tied to regulatory strategies to reduce vehicle emissions. Relatedly, in June 2024, the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (“NHTSA”) released new Corporate Average Fuel Economy (“CAFE”) standards for passenger cars and light trucks, with an increase in stringency at a rate of 2% for passenger cars in model years 2027 through 2031, 0% for light trucks in model years 2027 through 2028, and 2% for light trucks in model years 2029 through 2031. However, on December 5, 2025, NHTSA proposed a rollback of the 2024 CAFE standards to less stringent levels that may have the effect of avoiding a reduction in demand for transportation fuels. President Trump has also issued various executive orders relating to regulatory developments in the automotive sector, such as Executive Order 14154 (“Unleashing American Energy”), which opposed state efforts to restrict gasoline vehicles and increase the adoption of electric vehicles. And, on February 12, 2026, the EPA published a final rule rescinding the 2009 GHG Endangerment Finding that served as the scientific underpinning for federal regulation of GHG emissions from light-, medium-, and heavy-duty motor vehicles and engines. This action is likely to result in litigation, and the outcome of this decision is yet to be determined. On the other hand, various state and regional programs have been proposed that would curtail or prevent the sale of new gasoline-powered personal vehicles in their jurisdictions within identified time periods. California, in particular, possesses special regulatory authority over vehicle emissions standards via EPA’s issuance of CAA preemption waivers, though Congress revoked certain of these authorities through a Congressional Review Act joint resolution signed into law in June 2025. California and a coalition of other states have challenged this action, and litigation remains pending. We therefore cannot predict the impact of such programs to achieve reductions in emissions of GHGs from the operation of motor vehicles on our products and services. Overall, there has been a trend toward increased regulation of GHGs and initiatives, both domestically and internationally, to limit GHG emissions. If these efforts continue, we cannot predict how these conflicting trends will be resolved and whether, and to what extent, the impact of any limitations on emissions associated with transportation fuels and heating fuels could reduce the market for, or affect pricing of, our products, and thus adversely impact our businesses. In April 2021, the United States rejoined the Paris Agreement, an international agreement requiring each participating country to establish their own nationally determined standards for reducing carbon emissions. In December 2024, President Biden unveiled a new emissions target, seeking to cut emissions by 61-66% from 2005 levels by 2035. However, on January 20, 2025, in his first day in office, President Trump signed an Executive Order directing his administration to re-withdraw the United States from the Paris Agreement and from any other commitments made under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. Additionally, President Trump revoked any purported financial commitment by the United States pursuant to the same. The impacts of actions resulting from this decision on the regulation of GHG emissions in the United States and our business are unclear at this time. Separately, it should be noted that many scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHG in the earth’s atmosphere produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and 19 Table of Contents severity of storms, droughts, and floods and other climatic events. If any of those effects were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations. In addition, various suits have been filed, alleging that certain companies created public nuisances by producing fuels that contributed to climate change, or alleging that such companies have been aware of the adverse impacts of climate change for some time but failed to adequately disclose such impacts to their investors or customers. Any such litigation could have an adverse effect on operations in the future. There have also recently been increasing financial risks associated with our operations. Activists concerned about the potential effects of climate change have, in certain instances, directed their attention at sources of funding for energy companies whose businesses are related to the use of fossil fuels. And, several financial institutions have contemplated adopting policies that could have the effect of reducing funding available to the fossil fuel industry, although this trend has waned recently with several high-profile bank and institutional investors withdrawing from various associations that aim to limit financing of industries that emit significant GHG emissions. The potential impact of these developments on our current access to capital on attractive terms is unclear. In March 2024, the SEC released a final rule that establishes a framework for the reporting of climate risks, targets and metrics. However, the future of the rule is uncertain at this time pending legal challenges, which are currently held in abeyance as the SEC reconsiders, repeals, or otherwise modifies the rule. Moreover, on February 11, 2025, SEC Acting Chairman Mark T. Uyeda requested that the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit not schedule argument in such legal challenges while the SEC reconsiders the finalized rules. Although the SEC, may seek to repeal or otherwise modify the rules, we cannot predict whether such action will occur or its timing. Relatedly, California has enacted new laws requiring additional disclosure with respect to certain climate-related risks and GHG emissions reduction claims, and other states are considering similar laws. The ultimate impact of new rules and regulations imposing more stringent requirements on our business related to the disclosure of climate-related risks may result in reputational harms among certain stakeholders if they disagree with our approach to mitigating climate-related risks, additional costs to comply with any such disclosure requirements and increased costs of restrictions and on access to capital. Convenience Store Regulations Our convenience store operations are subject to extensive governmental laws and regulations that include legal restrictions on the sale of alcohol, tobacco and lottery products, food labeling, safety and health requirements and public accessibility, as well as sanitation, environmental, safety and fire standards. State and local regulatory agencies have the authority to approve, revoke, suspend or deny applications for, and renewals of, permits and licenses. Our operations are also subject to federal and state laws governing matters such as wage rates, overtime, working conditions and citizenship requirements. At the federal level, there are proposals under consideration from time to time to increase minimum wage rates and to introduce a system of mandated health insurance, each of which could adversely affect our results of operations. In June 2009, Congress passed the Family Smoking Prevention and Tobacco Control Act (“FSPTCA”) which gave the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) broad authority to regulate tobacco and nicotine products. Under the FSPTCA, the FDA has enacted numerous regulations restricting the sale of such products to anyone under the age of 18 years (state laws are permitted to set a higher minimum age); prohibit the sale of single cigarettes or packs with less than 20 cigarettes; and prohibit the sale or distribution of non-tobacco items such as hats and t-shirts with tobacco brands, names or logos. These governmental actions, as well as national, state and municipal campaigns to discourage smoking, tax increases, and imposition of regulations restricting the sale of flavored tobacco products, e-cigarettes and vapor products, have and could result in reduced consumption levels, higher costs which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, and reduced overall customer traffic. Also, increasing regulations related to and restricting the sale of flavored tobacco products, e-cigarettes and vapor products may offset some of the gains we have experienced from selling these types of products. These factors could materially affect the sale of this product mix which in turn could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Ethanol Market The market for ethanol is dependent on several economic incentives and regulatory mandates for blending ethanol into gasoline, including the availability of federal tax incentives, ethanol use mandates and oxygenate blending requirements. For instance, the Renewable Fuel Standard (“RFS”) requires that a certain amount of renewable fuels, such 20 Table of Contents as ethanol, be utilized in transportation fuels, including gasoline, in the United States each year. Additionally, the EPA imposes oxygenate blending requirements for reformulated gasoline that are best met with ethanol blending. Gasoline marketers may also choose to discretionally blend ethanol into conventional gasoline for economic reasons. A change or waiver of the RFS mandate or the reformulated gasoline oxygenate blending requirements could adversely affect the availability and pricing of ethanol. Any change in the RFS mandate could also result in reduced discretionary blending of ethanol into conventional gasoline. In June 2023, the EPA released its final rule establishing biofuel targets for 2023, 2024 and 2025 under the RFS program, increasing the amount of the renewable volume obligation imposed on importers and producers of transportation fuels. In June 2025, the EPA proposed volume requirements for 2026 and 2027 that continue to build on the increasing volume requirements established in July 2023. The changes under these proposed RFS volume rules are likely to result in increases in the cost of such fuels and could lower fuel consumption and thereby reduce our revenues. Environmental Insurance We maintain insurance which may cover, in whole or in part, certain costs relating to environmental matters associated with releases of products we store, sell and/or ship. We maintain insurance policies with insurers in amounts and with coverage and deductibles we believe are reasonable and prudent. These policies may not cover all environmental risks and costs and may not provide sufficient coverage in the event an environmental claim is made against us. Security Regulation Since the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States, the U.S. government has issued warnings that energy infrastructure assets may be future targets of terrorist organizations. These developments have subjected our operations to increased risks. Increased security measures taken by us as a precaution against possible terrorist attacks have resulted in increased costs to our businesses. Where required by federal or municipal laws, we have prepared security plans for the storage and distribution facilities we operate. Terrorist attacks aimed at our facilities and any global and domestic economic repercussions from terrorist activities could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. For instance, terrorist activity could lead to increased volatility in prices for home heating oil, gasoline and other products we sell. Insurance carriers are currently required to offer coverage for terrorist activities as a result of the federal Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (“TRIA”). Pursuant to the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act of 2019, TRIA has been extended through December 31, 2027. We elect to purchase terrorism coverage through a stand-alone insurance program for both liability and property. Although we cannot determine the future availability and cost of insurance coverage for terrorist acts, we do not expect the availability and cost of such insurance to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Hazardous Materials Transportation Our operations include the preparation and shipment of some hazardous materials by truck, rail, marine vessel and/or pipeline. We are subject to regulations promulgated under the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act (and subsequent amendments) and administered by the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”) under the Federal Highway Administration, the Federal Railroad Administration, the United States Coast Guard and the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration (“PHMSA”). We conduct loading and unloading of primarily refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil to and from cargo transports, including tanker trucks, railcars, marine vessels and pipelines. In large part, the cargo transports are owned and operated by third parties. In addition, we lease a fleet of railcars and charter barges associated with the shipment of refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil. We conduct ongoing training programs to help ensure that our operations are in compliance with applicable regulations. 21 Table of Contents The trend in hazardous material transportation is to increase oversight and regulation of these operations. These regulations address: the testing and ensuing designations of crude oil; the safety of tank cars that are used in transporting crude oil and other flammable or petroleum type liquids by rail, including the phase out of DOT-111 tank cars that have not been retro-fitted; braking standards for certain trains; new operational protocols for trains transporting large volumes of flammable liquids, such as routing requirements, speed restrictions and the provision of information to local government agencies; and comprehensive oil spill response plans for any railroad that transports Class 3 flammable liquid petroleum oil in a single train carrying either a continuous block of 20 or more loaded tank cars or 35 or more loaded tank cars in total. In addition to any action taken or proposed by federal agencies, a number of states have proposed or enacted laws in recent years that encourage safer rail operations or urge the federal government to enhance requirements for these operations. Regulations for rail transport are similar in Canada, though specific requirements may vary. Transport Canada has implemented regulations imposing speed limit restrictions on certain trains carrying hazardous materials in highly populated areas, requiring railways to give municipalities and first responders more information about the hazardous materials they carry, requiring that approved Emergency Response Assistance Plans be in place prior to transporting certain quantities of dangerous goods, and requiring railways to carry minimum levels of insurance depending on the quantity of crude oil or dangerous goods that they transport. We believe we are in substantial compliance with applicable hazardous materials transportation requirements related to our operations. We do not believe that compliance with federal, state or municipal hazardous materials transportation regulations will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash available for distribution to our unitholders. However, these and future statutes, regulatory changes or initiatives regarding hazardous material transportation, could directly and indirectly increase our operation, compliance and transportation costs and lead to shortages in availability of tank cars. We cannot assure that costs incurred to comply with standards and regulations emerging from these and future rulemakings will not be material to our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. Furthermore, we can provide no assurance that future events, such as changes in existing laws (including changes in the interpretation of existing laws), the promulgation of new laws and regulations, including any voluntary measures by the rail industry, that result in new requirements for the design, construction or operation of tank cars used to transport crude oil or other products, or the development or discovery of new facts or conditions will not cause us to incur significant costs. Any such requirements would apply to the industry as a whole. Employee Safety We are subject to the requirements of the Occupational Safety and Health Act (“OSHA”) and comparable state statutes that regulate the protection of the health and safety of workers. In addition, OSHA’s hazard communication standard requires that information be maintained about hazardous materials used or produced in operations and that this information be provided to employees, state and local government authorities and citizens. We believe that we are in substantial compliance with the applicable OSHA requirements. Item 1A.

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and suppliers, our operational and information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to ransomware, malware or other cyberattacks by hackers, employee error or malfeasance, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures or other disruptions, or as a result of similar disruptions experienced by our business partners, suppliers and/or vendors. While there have been incidents of security breaches and unauthorized access to our operational and information technologies and those of our vendors and suppliers, we have not experienced any material impact to our operations or business as a result of these attacks; however, other similar incidents could have a significant negative impact on our systems and operations. Any such cyberattack or breach or other disruption could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information or loss of access to information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, and loss of confidence in our ability to supply our products and services or maintain the security of information we collect and store, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, as technologies evolve, cyberattacks become increasingly sophisticated, and the regulatory framework for data privacy and security worldwide continues to evolve and develop, we may incur significant costs to modify, upgrade or enhance our security measures and we may face difficulties in fully anticipating or implementing adequate security measures or new or revised mandated processes or in generally mitigating potential harm. Further, any actual or perceived failure to comply with any new or existing laws, regulations and other obligations could result in fines, penalties or other liability. We have providers that may incorporate generative artificial intelligence and other similar artificial intelligence tools and systems into their offerings, and these providers may not meet regulatory or industry standards. We have providers that may incorporate generative artificial intelligence and other similar artificial intelligence (“AI”) tools and systems into their offerings. The providers of these AI tools and systems may not meet existing or rapidly evolving regulatory or industry standards with respect to privacy and data protection and may inhibit our or our providers’ ability to maintain an adequate level of service. The use of AI tools and systems also adds heightened risks related to intellectual property infringement, inaccurate or misleading AI system output and unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes. If these vendors or our third-party partners experience an actual or perceived breach or privacy or security incident because of the use of AI tools and systems and generative AI in particular, we may lose valuable confidential information and experience a disruption of our operations. Risks of AI system use also include fines, penalties, governmental scrutiny and litigation. All of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial results, reputation and the public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures. Accordingly, we continue to enhance our practices to manage the opportunity and risks of AI system use, which may require significant additional and ongoing investments to address lawful and responsible deployment. We are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations related to cybersecurity and privacy, which can impact our operations and increase our costs. We are subject to various federal and state cybersecurity and privacy laws. We monitor legislative and enforcement priorities to ascertain their relevance to and potential impact on our business. The trend during the past 10 years of new and enhanced privacy and cybersecurity laws continued in 2025. During 2025, new cybersecurity and privacy laws that apply to our business were enacted or became effective, including the U.S. Coast Guard Cyber Security Regulations under the Marine Transportation Security Act, published in January 2025, which pertain to certain of our terminals, and a new consumer privacy law which entered into force in New Hampshire. We anticipate that our cybersecurity and privacy obligations will continue to increase, which may require us to expend significant resources. Further, any actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy and cybersecurity laws may trigger fines, penalties, governmental scrutiny, litigation, reputational harm or other liability. 44 Table of Contents We depend on key personnel for the success of our businesses. We depend on the services of our senior management team and other key personnel. The loss of the services of any member of senior management or key employee could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We may not be able to locate or employ on acceptable terms qualified replacements for senior management or other key employees if their services were no longer available. Certain executive officers of our general partner perform services for one of our affiliates pursuant to a services agreement. Please read Part III, Item 13, “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence—Services Agreement.” We depend on unionized labor for the operation of certain of our terminals. Any work stoppages or labor disturbances at these terminals could disrupt our businesses. Any work stoppages or labor disturbances by our unionized labor force at facilities with an organized workforce could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. In addition, employees who are not currently represented by labor unions may seek representation in the future, and any renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements may result in terms that are less favorable to us. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, then we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential unitholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm our businesses and could adversely influence the trading price of our units. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. If our efforts to maintain internal controls are not successful or if we are unable to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or if we are unable to comply with our obligations under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our operating results could be harmed or we may fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls also could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our units. Risks Related to our Structure Our general partner and its affiliates have conflicts of interest and limited fiduciary duties, which could permit them to favor their own interests to the detriment of our unitholders. As of February 20, 2026, our general partner and affiliates of our general partner, including directors and executive officers and their affiliates, owned 12.7% of our common units and the entire general partner interest. Although our general partner has a fiduciary duty to manage us in a manner beneficial to us and our unitholders, the directors and officers of our general partner have a fiduciary duty to manage our general partner in a manner beneficial to its owners. Furthermore, certain directors and officers of our general partner are directors or officers of affiliates of our general partner. Conflicts of interest may arise between our general partner and its affiliates, on the one hand, and us and our unitholders, on the other hand. As a result of these conflicts, our general partner may favor its own interests and the interests of its affiliates over the interests of our unitholders. Please read “—Our partnership agreement limits our general partner’s fiduciary duties to unitholders and restricts the remedies available to unitholders for actions taken by our general partner that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duty.” These conflicts include, among others, the following situations: ● Our general partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us, such as affiliates of its members, in resolving conflicts of interest, which has the effect of limiting its fiduciary duty to our unitholders. ● Affiliates of our general partner may engage in competition with us under certain circumstances. Please read “—Certain members of the Slifka family and their affiliates may engage in activities that compete directly with us.” 45 Table of Contents ● Neither our partnership agreement nor any other agreement requires owners of our general partner to pursue a business strategy that favors us. Directors and officers of our general partner’s owners have a fiduciary duty to make these decisions in the best interest of such owners which may be contrary to our interests. ● Some officers of our general partner who provide services to us devote time to affiliates of our general partner. ● Our general partner has limited its liability and reduced its fiduciary duties under the partnership agreement, while also restricting the remedies available to our unitholders for actions that, without these limitations, might constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. As a result of purchasing common units, common unitholders consent to some actions and conflicts of interest that might otherwise constitute a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable state law. Additionally, our partnership agreement provides that we, and the officers and directors of our general partner, do not owe any duties, including fiduciary duties, or have any liabilities to holders of our preferred units. ● Our general partner determines the amount and timing of asset purchases and sales, borrowings, issuances of additional partnership securities and reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash available for distribution to our unitholders. ● Our general partner determines the amount and timing of any capital expenditures and whether a capital expenditure is a maintenance capital expenditure, which reduces distributable cash flow, or a capital expenditure for acquisitions or capital improvements, which does not, and such determination can affect the amount of cash distributed to our unitholders. ● In some instances, our general partner may cause us to borrow funds in order to permit the payment of cash distributions, even if the purpose or effect of the borrowing is to make incentive distributions. ● Our general partner determines which costs incurred by it and its affiliates are reimbursable by us. ● Our partnership agreement does not restrict our general partner from causing us to pay it or its affiliates for any services rendered on terms that are fair and reasonable to us or entering into additional contractual arrangements with any of these entities on our behalf. ● Our general partner intends to limit its liability regarding our contractual and other obligations. ● Our general partner may exercise its limited right to call and purchase common units if it and its affiliates own more than 80% of the common units. ● Our general partner controls the enforcement of obligations owed to us by it and its affiliates. ● Our general partner decides whether to retain separate counsel, accountants or others to perform services for us. Please read Part III, Item 13, “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence—Noncompetition.” Our partnership agreement limits our general partner’s fiduciary duties to unitholders and restricts the remedies available to unitholders for actions taken by our general partner that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. Our partnership agreement contains provisions that reduce the standards to which our general partner would otherwise be held by state fiduciary duty law. Our partnership agreement provides that we, and the officers and directors 46 Table of Contents of our general partner, do not owe any duties, including fiduciary duties, or have any liabilities to holders of our preferred units. Additionally, our partnership agreement: ● permits our general partner to make a number of decisions in its individual capacity, as opposed to in its capacity as our general partner. This entitles our general partner to consider only the interests and factors that it desires, and it has no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of, or factors affecting, us, our affiliates or any limited partner. Examples include the exercise of its limited call right, its voting rights with respect to the units it owns, its registration rights and its determination whether or not to consent to any merger or consolidation of us; ● provides that our general partner shall not have any liability to us or our unitholders for decisions made in its capacity as general partner so long as it acted in good faith, meaning it believed that the decision was in our best interests; ● generally provides that affiliated transactions and resolutions of conflicts of interest not approved by the conflicts committee of the board of directors of our general partner and not involving a vote of unitholders must be on terms no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or be “fair and reasonable” to us and that, in determining whether a transaction or resolution is “fair and reasonable,” our general partner may consider the totality of the relationships between the parties involved, including other transactions that may be particularly advantageous or beneficial to us; and ● provides that our general partner and its officers and directors will not be liable for monetary damages to us, our limited partners or assignees for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that the general partner or those other persons acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct. By purchasing a unit, a unitholder will become bound by the provisions of the partnership agreement, including the provisions described above. Unitholders have limited voting rights and are not entitled to elect our general partner or its directors or remove our general partner without the consent of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding common units (including common units held by our general partner and its affiliates), which could lower the trading price of our units. Unlike the holders of common stock in a corporation, unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our businesses and, therefore, limited ability to influence management’s decisions regarding our businesses. Unitholders have no right to elect our general partner or its board of directors on an annual or other continuing basis. The board of directors of our general partner is chosen entirely by its members and not by the unitholders. Furthermore, if the unitholders are dissatisfied with the performance of our general partner, they have limited ability to remove our general partner. The vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of all outstanding common units (including common units held by our general partner and its affiliates) is required to remove our general partner. Although the holders of our preferred units are entitled to limited protective voting rights with respect to certain matters, our preferred units generally vote separately as a class along with any other series of parity securities that we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. As a result, the voting rights of holders of our preferred units may be significantly diluted, and the holders of such other series of parity securities that we may issue may be able to control or significantly influence the outcome of any vote. As a result of these limitations, the prices at which our common units and our preferred units trade could diminish because of the absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the trading price. We may issue additional units without unitholder approval, which would dilute unitholders’ ownership interests. Except in the case of the issuance of units that rank equal to or senior to our preferred units, we may issue an unlimited number of limited partner interests of any type without the approval of our unitholders. We are allowed to 47 Table of Contents issue additional preferred units and parity securities without any vote of the holders of our preferred units, except where the cumulative distributions on our preferred units or any parity securities are in arrears. The issuance by us of additional common units or other equity securities of equal or senior rank will have the following effects: ● our unitholders’ proportionate ownership interest in us will decrease; ● the amount of cash available for distribution on each unit may decrease; ● the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding unit may be diminished; and ● the market price of the units may decline. We are prohibited from paying distributions on our common units if distributions on our preferred units are in arrears. The holders of our preferred units are entitled to certain rights that are senior to the rights of holders of our common units, such as rights to distributions and rights upon liquidation of the Partnership. If we do not pay the required distributions on our preferred units, we will be unable to pay distributions on our common units. Additionally, because distributions to our preferred units are cumulative, we will have to pay all unpaid accumulated preferred distributions before we can pay any distributions to our common unitholders. Also, because distributions to our common unitholders are not cumulative, if we do not pay distributions on our common units with respect to any quarter, our common unitholders will not be entitled to receive distributions covering any prior periods if we later commence paying distributions on our common units. The preferences and privileges of our preferred units could adversely affect the market price for our common units, or could make it more difficult for us to sell our common units in the future. Our preferred units are subordinated to our existing and future debt obligations and could be diluted by the issuance of additional units, including additional preferred units, and by other transactions. Our preferred units are subordinated to all of our existing and future indebtedness. The payment of principal and interest on our debt reduces cash available for distribution to our limited partners, including the holders of our preferred units. The issuance of additional units on parity with or senior to our preferred units (including additional preferred units) would dilute the interests of the holders of our preferred units, and any issuance of equal or senior ranking securities or additional indebtedness could affect our ability to pay distributions on, redeem or pay the liquidation preference on our preferred units. We cannot assure that we will be able to pay distributions on our preferred units regularly, and the agreements governing our indebtedness and redemptions of some or all of our preferred units may limit the cash available to make distributions on our preferred units. Pursuant to our partnership agreement, we distribute all of our “available cash” each quarter to our limited partners. Our partnership agreement defines “Available Cash” to generally mean, for each fiscal quarter, all cash and cash equivalents on hand on the date of determination of available cash with respect to such quarter, less the amount of any cash reserves established by our general partner to: ● provide for the proper conduct of our businesses; ● comply with applicable law or the terms of any of our debt instruments or other agreements; or ● provide funds for distributions to holders of our common units and preferred units for any one or more of the next four quarters. 48 Table of Contents As a result, we do not expect to accumulate significant amounts of cash. Depending on the timing and amount of our cash distributions, these distributions could significantly reduce the cash available to us in subsequent periods to make distributions on our preferred units. Further, our existing debt agreements and redemptions of some or all of our preferred units also may limit our ability to pay distributions on our preferred units. Change of control conversion rights may make it more difficult for a party to acquire us or discourage a party from acquiring us. The change of control conversion feature of our preferred units may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us or of delaying, deferring or preventing certain of our change of control transactions under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common units and preferred units with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-current market price of such equity securities or that unitholders may otherwise believe is in their best interests. The market price of our common units could be adversely affected by sales of substantial amounts of our common units, including sales by our existing unitholders. A substantial number of our securities may be sold in the future either pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC. Rule 144 under the Securities Act provides that after a holding period of six months, non-affiliates may resell restricted securities of reporting companies, provided that current public information for the reporting company is available. After a holding period of one year, non-affiliates may resell without restriction, and affiliates may resell in compliance with the volume, current public information and manner of sale requirements of Rule 144. Pursuant to our partnership agreement, members of the Slifka family have registration rights with respect to the common units owned by them. Sales by any of our existing unitholders of a substantial number of our common units, or the perception that such sales might occur, could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common units or could impair our ability to obtain capital through an offering of equity securities. An increase in interest rates may cause the market price of our units to decline. Like all equity investments, an investment in our common units is subject to certain risks. In exchange for accepting these risks, investors may expect to receive a higher rate of return than would otherwise be obtainable from lower-risk investments. Accordingly, as interest rates rise, the ability of investors to obtain higher risk-adjusted rates of return by purchasing government-backed debt securities may cause a corresponding decline in demand for riskier investments generally, including yield-based equity investments such as publicly-traded limited partnership interests. Reduced demand for our common units resulting from investors seeking other more favorable investment opportunities may cause the trading price of our common units to decline. One of the factors that influences the price of our preferred units is the distribution yield on our preferred units (as a percentage of the price of our preferred units) relative to market interest rates. An increase in market interest rates may lead prospective purchasers of our preferred units to expect a higher distribution yield, and higher interest rates would likely increase our borrowing costs and potentially decrease funds available for distribution to our limited partners, including the holders of our preferred units. Accordingly, higher market interest rates could cause the market price of our preferred units to decrease. Our general partner has a limited call right that may require unitholders to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price. If at any time our general partner and its affiliates own more than 80% of the common units, our general partner will have the right, but not the obligation, which it may assign to any of its affiliates or to us, to acquire all, but not less than all, of the common units held by unaffiliated persons at a price not less than their then-current market price. As a 49 Table of Contents result, unitholders may be required to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price and may not receive any return on their investment. Unitholders may also incur a tax liability upon a sale of their units. Our general partner is not obligated to obtain a fairness opinion regarding the value of the common units to be repurchased by it upon exercise of the limited call right. There is no restriction in our partnership agreement that prevents our general partner from issuing additional common units and exercising its call right. If our general partner exercises its limited call right, the effect would be to take us private and, if the units were subsequently deregistered, we would no longer be subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our partnership agreement restricts the voting rights of unitholders owning 20% or more of any class of our units. Our partnership agreement restricts unitholders’ voting rights by providing that any units held by a person that owns 20% or more of any class of units then outstanding, other than our general partner, its affiliates, their transferees and persons who acquired such units with the prior approval of the board of directors of our general partner, cannot vote on any matter. Our partnership agreement also contains provisions limiting the ability of unitholders to call meetings or acquire information about our operations, as well as other provisions limiting the unitholders’ ability to influence the manner or direction of management. Cost reimbursements due to our general partner and its affiliates will reduce cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Prior to making any distribution on the common units, we reimburse our general partner and its affiliates for all expenses they incur on our behalf, which is determined by our general partner in its sole discretion. These expenses include all costs incurred by the general partner and its affiliates in managing and operating us, including costs for rendering corporate staff and support services to us. We are managed and operated by directors and executive officers of our general partner. Please read Part III, Item 13, “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.” The reimbursement of expenses and payment of fees, if any, to our general partner and its affiliates could adversely affect our ability to pay cash distributions to our unitholders. Unitholders may not have limited liability if a court finds that unitholder action constitutes control of our businesses. A general partner of a partnership generally has unlimited liability for the obligations of the partnership, except for those contractual obligations of the partnership that are expressly made without recourse to the general partner. Our partnership is organized under Delaware law, and we conduct business in a number of other states. The limitations on the liability of holders of limited partner interests for the obligations of a limited partnership have not been clearly established in some of the other states in which we do business. A unitholder could be liable for our obligations as if he were a general partner if: ● a court or government agency determined that we were conducting business in a state but had not complied with that particular state’s partnership statute; or ● a unitholder’s right to act with other unitholders to remove or replace the general partner, approve some amendments to our partnership agreement or take other actions under our partnership agreement constitute “control” of our businesses. Unitholders may have liability to repay distributions. Under certain circumstances, unitholders may have to repay amounts wrongfully returned or distributed to them. Under Delaware law, we may not make a distribution to unitholders if the distribution would cause our liabilities to exceed the fair value of our assets. Delaware law provides that for a period of three years from the date of the impermissible distribution, limited partners who received the distribution and who knew at the time of the distribution that it violated Delaware law will be liable to the limited partnership for the distribution amount. Purchasers of units who become limited partners are liable for the obligations of the transferring limited partner to make contributions to us that are known to the purchaser of units at the time it became a limited partner and for unknown obligations if the liabilities 50 Table of Contents could be determined from the partnership agreement. Liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and liabilities that are non-recourse to us are not counted for purposes of determining whether a distribution is permitted. The control of our general partner may be transferred to a third party without unitholder consent. Our general partner may transfer its general partner interest to a third party in a merger or in a sale of all or substantially all of its assets without the consent of the unitholders. Furthermore, there is no restriction in the partnership agreement on the ability of the members of our general partner from transferring their respective membership interests in our general partner to a third party. The new members of our general partner would then be in a position to replace the board of directors and officers of our general partner with their own choices and control the decisions taken by the board of directors and officers of our general partner. Certain members of the Slifka family and their affiliates may engage in activities that compete directly with us. While Mr. Eric Slifka’s employment agreement contains noncompetition provisions, it does not prohibit Mr. Slifka and certain affiliates of our general partner from owning certain assets or engaging in certain businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Please read Part III, Item 13, “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence—Noncompetition.” Tax Risks Our tax treatment depends on our status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and not being subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation. If the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, were to treat us as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or we become subject to entity level taxation for state tax purposes, our cash available for distribution to our common unitholders would be substantially reduced. The anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in our common units depends largely on our being treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Despite the fact that we are organized as a limited partnership under Delaware law, we will be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless we satisfy a “qualifying income” requirement. Based upon our current operations and current Treasury Regulations, we believe we satisfy the qualifying income requirement. However, no ruling has been or will be requested regarding our treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Failing to meet the qualifying income requirement or a change in current law could cause us to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject us to taxation as an entity. If we were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would pay U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at the corporate tax rate, which is currently a maximum of 21%, and would likely pay state income tax at varying rates. Distributions to our unitholders would generally be taxed again as corporate distributions, and no income, gains, losses, deductions or credits would flow through to our unitholders. Because a tax would be imposed upon us as a corporation, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be substantially reduced. Therefore, treatment of us as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to our unitholders, likely causing a substantial reduction in the value of our common units. Our partnership agreement provides that if a law is enacted or existing law is modified or interpreted in a manner that subjects us to taxation as a corporation or otherwise subjects us to additional amounts of entity level taxation for U.S. federal, state, municipal or foreign income tax purposes, the minimum quarterly distribution amount and the target distribution amounts may be adjusted to reflect the impact of that law or interpretation on us. At the state level, several states have been evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state income, franchise or other forms of taxation. We own assets and conduct business in several states that impose a margin or franchise tax. In the future, we may expand our operations. Imposition of a similar tax on us in other jurisdictions that we may expand to could substantially reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 51 Table of Contents The tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in our units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes or differing interpretations thereof, possibly applied on a retroactive basis. The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including us, or an investment in our units, may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial changes or differing interpretations thereof at any time. From time to time, members of Congress have proposed and considered substantive changes to the existing U.S. federal income tax laws that would affect publicly traded partnerships, including proposals that would eliminate our ability to qualify for partnership tax treatment. Recent proposals have provided for the expansion of the qualifying income exception for publicly traded partnerships in certain circumstances and other proposals have provided for the total elimination of the qualifying income exception upon which we rely for our partnership tax treatment. In addition, the Treasury Department has issued, and in the future may issue, regulations interpreting those laws that affect publicly traded partnerships. There can be no assurance that there will not be further changes to U.S. federal income tax laws or the Treasury Department’s interpretation of the qualifying income rules in a manner that could impact our ability to qualify as a partnership in the future. Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws or interpretations thereof may be applied retroactively and could make it more difficult or impossible for us to meet the exception for certain publicly traded partnerships to be treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  We are unable to predict whether any changes or other proposals will ultimately be enacted. In addition, there can be no assurance that there will not be any legislative, judicial or administrative changes in tax law generally that would negatively impact the value of an investment in our units. You are urged to consult with your own tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals in tax law generally and their potential effect on your investment in our units. We have subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes and subject to corporate-level income taxes. Even though we (as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) are not subject to U.S. federal income tax, some of our operations are conducted through subsidiaries that are organized as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We conduct substantially all of our operations of our end-user business through subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. These corporations primarily engage in the retail sale of gasoline and/or operate convenience stores and collect rents on personal property leased to dealers and commissioned agents at other stations. We may elect to conduct additional operations through these corporate subsidiaries in the future. These corporate subsidiaries are subject to corporate-level taxes, which reduce the cash available for distribution to us and, in turn, to our unitholders. If the IRS were to successfully assert that these corporations have more tax liability than we anticipate or legislation were enacted that increased the corporate tax rate, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be further reduced. The income tax return filing positions taken by these corporate subsidiaries may require judgment, use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. Despite our belief that the income tax return positions taken by these subsidiaries are fully supportable, certain positions may be successfully challenged by the IRS, state or local jurisdictions. If the IRS were to contest the U.S. federal income tax positions we take, it may adversely impact the market for our units, and the costs of any such contest would reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We have not requested a ruling from the IRS with respect to our treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the positions we take. It may be necessary to resort to administrative or court proceedings to sustain some or all of the positions we take. A court may not agree with some or all of the positions we take. Any contest with the IRS may materially and adversely impact the market for our units and the price at which they trade. Moreover, the costs of any contest between us and the IRS will result in a reduction in our cash available for distribution to our unitholders and thus will be borne indirectly by our unitholders. 52 Table of Contents If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns, it (and some states) may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustments directly from us, in which case our cash available for distribution to our unitholders might be substantially reduced and our current and former unitholders may be required to indemnify us for any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustments that were paid on such unitholders’ behalf. If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns, it (and some states) may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustments directly from us. To the extent possible, our general partner may elect to either pay the taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) directly to the IRS or, if we are eligible, issue a revised information statement to each unitholder and former unitholder with respect to an audited and adjusted return. Although our general partner may elect to have our unitholders and former unitholders take such audit adjustments into account and pay any resulting taxes (including applicable penalties or interest) in accordance with their interests in us during the tax year under audit, there can be no assurance that such election will be practical, permissible or effective in all circumstances. As a result, our current unitholders may bear some or all of the tax liability resulting from such audit adjustment, even if such unitholders did not own units in us during the tax year under audit. If, as a result of any such audit adjustment, we are required to make payments of taxes, penalties and interest, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders might be substantially reduced and our current and former unitholders may be required to indemnify us for any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustments that were paid on such unitholders’ behalf. Our common unitholders are required to pay taxes on their share of our income even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us. Our common unitholders are required to pay any U.S. federal income taxes and, in some cases, state and local income taxes on their share of our taxable income whether or not they receive cash distributions from us. Our common unitholders may not receive cash distributions from us equal to their share of our taxable income or even equal to the actual tax liability that results from that income. Tax gain or loss on the disposition of our common units could be more or less than expected. If a unitholder sells common units, the unitholder will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and that unitholder’s tax basis in those common units. Because distributions in excess of a common unitholder’s allocable share of our net taxable income decrease such unitholder’s tax basis in its common units, the amount, if any, of such prior excess distributions with respect to the common units a unitholder sells will, in effect, become taxable income to a unitholder if it sells such units at a price greater than its tax basis in those units, even if the price such unitholder receives is less than its original cost. In addition, because the amount realized includes a unitholder’s share of our nonrecourse liabilities, if a unitholder sells its common units, the unitholder may incur a tax liability in excess of the amount of cash received from the sale. A substantial portion of the amount realized from a unitholder’s sale of our common units, whether or not representing gain, may be taxed as ordinary income to such unitholder due to potential recapture items, including depreciation recapture. Thus, a common unitholder may recognize both ordinary income and capital loss from the sale of units if the amount realized on a sale of such units is less than such unitholder’s adjusted basis in the common units. Net capital loss may only offset capital gains and, in the case of individuals, up to $3,000 of ordinary income per year. In the taxable period in which a unitholder sells its common units, such unitholder may recognize ordinary income from our allocations of income and gain to such unitholder prior to the sale and from recapture items that generally cannot be offset by any capital loss recognized upon the sale of units. Common unitholders may be subject to limitation on their ability to deduct interest expense incurred by us. In general, we are entitled to a deduction for interest paid or accrued on indebtedness properly allocable to our trade or business during our taxable year. However, our deduction for “business interest” is limited to the sum of our business interest income and 30% of our “adjusted taxable income.” For the purposes of this limitation, our adjusted taxable income is computed without regard to any business interest expense or business interest income. 53 Table of Contents If our “business interest” is subject to limitation under these rules, our unitholders will be limited in their ability to deduct their share of any interest expense that has been allocated to them. As a result, common unitholders may be subject to limitation on their ability to deduct interest expense incurred by us which could negatively impact the value of an investment in our common units. You are urged to consult with your own tax advisor with respect to this potential limitation on the deductibility of interest expense and its impact on your investment in our common units. Tax-exempt entities face unique tax issues from owning our common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them . Investment in our common units by tax-exempt entities, such as employee benefit plans and individual retirement accounts (known as IRAs) raises issues unique to them. For example, virtually all of our income allocated to organizations that are exempt from U.S. federal income tax, including IRAs and other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable income and will be taxable to them. Additionally, all or part of any gain recognized by such tax-exempt organization upon a sale or other disposition of our units may be unrelated business taxable income and may be taxable to them. Tax-exempt entities should consult a tax advisor before investing in our common units. Non-U.S. Unitholders will be subject to U.S. taxes and withholding with respect to their income and gain from owning our units. Non-U.S. unitholders are generally taxed and subject to income tax filing requirements by the United States on income effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business. Income allocated to our common unitholders and any gain from the sale of our units will generally be considered to be “effectively connected” with a U.S. trade or business. As a result, distributions to a non-U.S. common unitholder will be subject to withholding at the highest applicable effective tax rate and a non-U.S. unitholder who sells or otherwise disposes of a unit will also be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the gain realized from the sale or disposition of that unit. In addition to the withholding tax imposed on distributions of effectively connected income, distributions to a non-U.S. unitholder will also be subject to a 10% withholding tax on the amount of any distribution in excess of our cumulative net income. As we do not compute our cumulative net income for such purposes due to the complexity of the calculation and lack of clarity in how it would apply to us, we intend to treat all of our distributions as being in excess of our cumulative net income for such purposes and subject to such 10% withholding tax. Accordingly, distributions to a non-U.S. unitholder will be subject to a combined withholding tax rate equal to the sum of the highest applicable effective tax rate and 10%. Moreover, the transferee of an interest in a partnership that is engaged in a U.S. trade or business is generally required to withhold 10% of the “amount realized” by the transferor unless the transferor certifies that it is not a foreign person. While the determination of a partner’s “amount realized” generally includes any decrease of a partner’s share of the partnership’s liabilities, the Treasury regulations provide that the “amount realized” on a transfer of an interest in a publicly traded partnership, such as our units, will generally be the amount of gross proceeds paid to the broker effecting the applicable transfer on behalf of the transferor, and thus will be determined without regard to any decrease in that partner’s share of a publicly traded partnership’s liabilities. For a transfer of interests in a publicly traded partnership that is effected through a broker, the obligation to withhold is imposed on the transferor’s broker. Current and prospective non-U.S. unitholders should consult their tax advisors regarding the impact of these rules on an investment in our units. We treat each purchaser of our common units as having the same tax benefits without regard to the common units actually purchased. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of our common units. Because we cannot match transferors and transferees of common units, we have adopted certain methods for allocating depreciation and amortization deductions that may not conform to all aspects of existing Treasury Regulations. A successful IRS challenge to the use of these methods could adversely affect the amount of tax benefits available to our unitholders. It also could affect the timing of these tax benefits or the amount of gain from any sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audit adjustments to a unitholder’s tax returns. 54 Table of Contents We generally prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our common units each month based upon the ownership of our common units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular common unit is transferred. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. We generally prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our common units each month based upon the ownership of our common units on the first day of each month (the “Allocation Date”), instead of on the basis of the date a particular common unit is transferred. Similarly, we generally allocate (i) certain deductions for depreciation of capital additions, (ii) gain or loss realized on a sale or other disposition of our assets, and (iii) in the discretion of the general partner, any other extraordinary item of income, gain, loss or deduction based upon ownership on the Allocation Date. Treasury Regulations allow a similar monthly simplifying convention, but such regulations do not specifically authorize all aspects of our proration method. If the IRS were to challenge our proration method, we may be required to change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. A unitholder whose units are the subject of a securities loan (e.g., a loan to a “short seller” to cover a short sale of units) may be considered to have disposed of those units. If so, such unitholder would no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan and may recognize gain or loss from the disposition. Because there are no specific rules governing the U.S. federal income tax consequences of loaning a partnership interest, a unitholder whose units are the subject of a securities loan may be considered to have disposed of the loaned units. In that case, the unitholder may no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan to the short seller and the unitholder may recognize gain or loss from such disposition. Moreover, during the period of the loan, any of our income, gain, loss or deduction with respect to those units may not be reportable by the unitholder and any cash distributions received by the unitholder as to those units could be fully taxable as ordinary income. Unitholders desiring to assure their status as partners and avoid the risk of gain recognition from a securities loan are urged to consult a tax advisor to determine whether it is advisable to modify any applicable brokerage account agreements to prohibit their brokers from borrowing their units. We have adopted certain valuation methodologies in determining a unitholder’s allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction. The IRS may challenge these methodologies or the resulting allocations, which could adversely affect the value of our common units. In determining the items of income, gain, loss and deduction allocable to our unitholders, we must routinely determine the fair market value of our assets. Although we may, from time to time, consult with professional appraisers regarding valuation matters, we make many fair market value estimates using a methodology based on the market value of our common units as a means to measure the fair market value of our assets. The IRS may challenge these valuation methods and the resulting allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction. A successful IRS challenge to these methods or allocations could adversely affect the timing or amount of taxable income or loss being allocated to our unitholders. It also could affect the amount of gain recognized from the sale of our common units, have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audit adjustments to our unitholders’ tax returns without the benefit of additional deductions. Unitholders may be subject to state and local taxes and return filing requirements in jurisdictions where they do not live as a result of investing in our units. In addition to U.S. federal income taxes, our unitholders may be subject to other taxes, including foreign, state and local taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we conduct business or own property now or in the future, even if they do not live in any of those jurisdictions. Our unitholders will likely be required to file foreign, state and local income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of these various jurisdictions. Further, our unitholders may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. 55 Table of Contents We own assets and conduct business in several states, some of which impose a personal income tax on individuals, corporations and other entities. As we make acquisitions or expand our businesses, we may own assets or conduct business in additional states that impose a personal income tax. It is our unitholders’ responsibility to file all U.S. federal, state, municipal and non-U.S. tax returns and pay any taxes due in these jurisdictions. Unitholders should consult with their own tax advisors regarding the filing of such tax returns, the payment of such taxes, and the deductibility of any taxes paid. The treatment of income attributable to distributions on our preferred units as guaranteed payments for the use of capital creates a different tax treatment for the holders of our preferred units than the holders of our common units and such income is not eligible for the 20% deduction for qualified business income. The tax treatment of distributions on our preferred units is uncertain. We will treat each of the holders of our preferred units as partners for tax purposes and will treat income attributable to distributions on our preferred units as a guaranteed payment for the use of capital that will generally be taxable to each of the holders of our preferred units as ordinary income. Holders of our preferred units will recognize taxable income from the accrual of such income (even in the absence of a contemporaneous cash distribution). Otherwise, except in the case of our liquidation, the holders of our preferred units are generally not anticipated to share in our items of income, gain, loss or deduction, nor will we allocate any share of our nonrecourse liabilities to the holders of our preferred units. If distributions on our preferred units were treated as payments on indebtedness for tax purposes, rather than as guaranteed payments for the use of capital, the distributions likely would be treated as payments of interest by us to each of the holders of our preferred units. Although we expect that much of the income we earn is generally eligible for the 20% deduction for qualified publicly-traded partnership income, the Treasury Regulations provide that income attributable to a guaranteed payment for the use of capital is not eligible for the 20% deduction for qualified business income. As a result, income attributable to a guaranteed payment for use of capital recognized by holders of our preferred units is not eligible for the 20% deduction for qualified business income. A holder of our preferred units will be required to recognize gain or loss on a sale of preferred units equal to the difference between the amount realized by such holder and such holder’s tax basis in the preferred units sold. The amount realized generally will equal the sum of the cash and the fair market value of other property such holder receives in exchange for such preferred units. Subject to general rules requiring a blended basis among multiple partnership interests, the tax basis of a preferred unit will generally equal the sum of the cash and the fair market value of other property paid by the holder of such preferred unit to acquire such preferred unit. Gain or loss recognized by a holder of preferred units on the sale or exchange of a preferred unit held for more than one year generally will be taxable as long-term capital gain or loss. Because holders of our preferred units will generally not be allocated a share of our items of depreciation, depletion or amortization, it is not anticipated that such holders will be required to recharacterize any portion of their gain as ordinary income as a result of the recapture rules. Investment in our preferred units by tax-exempt investors, such as employee benefit plans and individual retirement accounts, and non-United States persons raises issues unique to them. The treatment of guaranteed payments for the use of capital to tax-exempt investors is not certain and the income resulting from such payments may be treated as unrelated business taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Distributions to non-United States holders of our preferred units will be subject to withholding taxes. If the amount of withholding exceeds the amount of U.S. federal income tax actually due, non-United States holders of our preferred units may be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns in order to seek a refund of such excess. All holders of our preferred units are urged to consult a tax advisor with respect to the consequences of owning our preferred units. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . None. 56 Table of Contents Item 1C. Cybersecurity. Risk Management and Strategy ​ Data and the systems through which we manage data are vital to our business. In the ordinary course of our business, we handle our business information as well as information about our customers, suppliers and business partners, including information related to potential new ventures and transactions, and personal information related to our employees, customers and business partners. Our business is dependent upon operational and information technology to process the data necessary to conduct our business. This breadth and complexity of the technology necessary for our business  continues to expand, increasing our reliance on third-party technology solutions, including cloud and artificial intelligence systems. To protect our data and systems against cybersecurity threats, our cybersecurity risk management program is designed to assess, identify, manage and mitigate cybersecurity threats that could adversely and materially affect our business. Our cybersecurity risk management program is aligned with our business strategy and integrated throughout our operations. Our cybersecurity risk management program is comprised of technical and administrative controls, processes, policies and procedures based on applicable laws and industry standards and guided by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) Cybersecurity Framework. As part of our cybersecurity risk management program, we undertake ongoing cybersecurity risk assessments to help us detect, evaluate and respond to cybersecurity threats, including regular testing by our internal cybersecurity operations team. Our vulnerability management program is designed to identify, assess, and remediate cybersecurity threats in our systems, such as through penetration testing. We have implemented measures designed to address the risks associated with the use of industrial control systems to help maintain the reliability and safety of our operations. Our information technology and operational technology disaster recovery program is designed to help maintain the continuity of critical business operations in the event of a disruptive cybersecurity incident through procedures for data recovery, system restoration, and business resumption. We engage third-party cybersecurity service providers to conduct cybersecurity audits, targeted attack testing, cybersecurity threat intelligence and cybersecurity incident response services. We also operate a threat hunting program to help us identify potential cybersecurity threats in our systems. We require all employees and certain contractors to participate in cybersecurity training designed to enhance their understanding of cybersecurity threats and their ability to identify and escalate potential incidents. Our internal data privacy and data security team has processes to evaluate new third party technology service providers and periodically reassess certain providers that have or will have access (directly or indirectly) to our data and/or systems.  These processes help us document and mitigate potential cybersecurity threats associated with our use of third-party technology service providers. Our cybersecurity risk management program includes an incident response (“IR”) plan that is designed to facilitate our response to cybersecurity incidents, including an escalation process for cybersecurity incidents that may have a moderate or higher business impact to notify our executive officers, other members of our senior management team and other internal stakeholders. Our IR plan provides our executive officers and other members of our senior management team  with the information needed to assess whether a cybersecurity incident materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, and the need for public disclosure. We aim to test our IR plan at least annually to assess its operational effectiveness. We strive to conduct an annual “tabletop” exercise during which we simulate cybersecurity incidents to help us prepare for and respond to a cybersecurity incident and to identify areas for potential improvement. These exercises are conducted in close coordination with members of our internal cybersecurity risk management team, our retained cybersecurity incident response consultants, outside cybersecurity counsel and internal technical, operations and insurance risk management, internal audit and legal personnel, as well as certain executive officers and members of the senior management team. 57 Table of Contents Governance Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) oversees all cybersecurity risk management activities. The Board’s Audit Committee has  been delegated strategic oversight of the Cybersecurity Committee (described below). At least annually, the Chief Information Security Officer (“ CISO ”) , Chief Information Officer (“CIO”) and other members of our Cybersecurity Committee report to the Board on the state of our cybersecurity risk management program and current and emerging cybersecurity risks. Any cybersecurity incident deemed to have a moderate or higher business risk also is reported to the Board. We have a management-level Cybersecurity Committee that has primary responsibility for our overall cybersecurity risk management program. The Cybersecurity Committee oversees our internal cybersecurity personnel and retained external cybersecurity consultants and applicable third-party service providers. The Cybersecurity Committee includes our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal Officer (“CLO”), CIO, Chief People Officer, Director of Internal Audit, and Vice President of Data Insights. Our internal cybersecurity risk management team consists of our cybersecurity operations team, cybersecurity engineering team and data privacy and data security compliance team that reports to our CISO. This team is responsible for identifying and managing cybersecurity threats and assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. With more than two decades of cybersecurity and information security experience, our CISO leads our cybersecurity risk management team and holds several accredited certifications, including CISSP, CISA, CISM, and CRISC Leveraging their cybersecurity experience, knowledge of our company and leadership, our CISO plays an important role in both the strategic development and tactical execution of our cybersecurity risk management program , Our CISO regularly meets with the Cybersecurity Committee to provide updates on cybersecurity threats, risk management activities and other issues related to preventing, detecting and mitigating cybersecurity incidents. Our CISO and members of the internal cybersecurity risk management team also consult with internal and external cybersecurity and threat intelligence consultants and communicate with senior management about cybersecurity threats and resource needs for managing them. Our CISO reports to the CIO and regularly consults with our CLO and other members of the legal team, as well as outside cybersecurity counsel, for strategic and operational input on risk management and compliance with applicable cybersecurity laws and regulations. At least annually, the Cybersecurity Committee reports to the Board on the state of our cybersecurity risk management program and current and emerging cybersecurity risks. Impacts from Cybersecurity Threats As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. We and our service providers have, however, experienced certain cybersecurity events that were assessed as not material, However, we acknowledge that cybersecurity threats are continually evolving, and the possibility of future cybersecurity incidents remains. Despite the implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program and governance structure, we cannot guarantee that a significant cyberattack or other cybersecurity event will not occur. A successful attack on our operational and information technology or other business systems could have significant consequences to the business. See “Part I, Item 1A,

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components and advance rates. In addition, the indentures governing our senior notes limit our ability to, among other things: ● incur additional indebtedness; ● make distributions to equity owners; ● make certain investments; ● restrict distributions by our subsidiaries; ● create liens; ● sell assets; or ● merge with other entities. In addition, our credit agreement requires us to comply with specified financial ratios and covenants and borrowing base limitations. Our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions and limitations contained in our credit agreement and indentures may be affected by events beyond our control, including prevailing economic, financial and industry conditions. If market or other economic conditions deteriorate, our ability to comply with these covenants and restrictions may be impaired. If we violate any of the restrictions, covenants, ratios or tests in our credit agreement or indentures, a significant portion of our indebtedness may become immediately due and payable, and our lenders’ commitment to make further loans to us may terminate. We might not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments. In addition, our obligations under our credit agreement are secured by substantially all of our assets, and if we are unable to repay our indebtedness under our credit agreement, the lenders could seek to foreclose on such assets. Restrictions in our credit agreement and indentures limit our ability to pay distributions upon the occurrence of certain events. Our credit agreement and indentures limit our ability to pay distributions upon the occurrence of certain events. For example, our credit agreement and the indentures limit our ability to pay distributions upon the occurrence of the following events, among others: ● failure to pay any principal, interest, fees or other amounts when due; ● failure to perform or otherwise comply with the covenants in the credit agreement, the indentures or in other loan documents to which we are a borrower; and 30 Table of Contents ● a bankruptcy or insolvency event involving us, our general partner or any of our subsidiaries. Any subsequent refinancing of our current debt or any new debt could have similar restrictions. For more information regarding our credit agreement and indentures, please read Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources—Credit Agreement” and Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. We can borrow money under our credit agreement to pay distributions, which would reduce the amount of credit available to operate our businesses. Our partnership agreement allows us to borrow under our credit agreement to pay distributions. Accordingly, we can make distributions on our units even though cash generated by our operations may not be sufficient to pay such distributions. For more information, please read Part II, Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources” and Note 9 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The enactment of derivatives legislation could have an adverse effect on our ability to use derivative instruments to reduce the effect of commodity price, interest rate and other risks associated with our businesses. The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the “Act”), enacted in 2010, established federal oversight and regulation of the over-the-counter derivatives market and entities, such as us, that participate in that market. The Act requires the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (“CFTC”), the SEC and other regulators to promulgate rules and regulations implementing the new legislation. The CFTC has designated certain interest rate swaps and credit default swaps for mandatory clearing and exchange trading. To the extent we engage in such transactions or transactions that become subject to such rules in the future, we will be required to comply or take steps to qualify for an exemption to such requirements. Although we expect to qualify for the end-user exception to the mandatory clearing requirements for swaps entered to hedge our commercial risks, the application of the mandatory clearing and trade execution requirements to other market participants, such as swap dealers, may change the cost and availability of the swaps that we use for hedging. If our swaps do not qualify for the commercial end-user exception, or the cost of entering into uncleared swaps becomes prohibitive, we may be required to clear such transactions. The ultimate effect of the rules and any additional regulations on our businesses is uncertain at this time. In addition, the Act requires that regulators establish margin rules for uncleared swaps. Banking regulators and the CFTC have adopted final rules establishing minimum margin requirements for uncleared swaps. Although we expect to qualify for the end-user exception from such margin requirements for swaps entered into to hedge our commercial risks, the application of such requirements to other market participants, such as swap dealers, may change the cost and availability of the swaps that we use for hedging. If any of our swaps do not qualify for the commercial end-user exception, posting of initial or variation margin could impact our liquidity and reduce cash available for capital expenditures, therefore reducing our ability to execute hedges to reduce risk and protect cash flows. The CFTC has finalized rules that place limits on positions in certain core futures and equivalent swaps contracts for, or linked to, certain physical commodities, subject to exceptions for certain bona fide hedging transactions. We currently do not expect such rules will have a material impact on us. The CFTC has also adopted a final rule regarding aggregation of positions, under which a party that controls the trading of, or owns 10% or more of the equity interests in, another party will have to aggregate the positions of the controlled or owned party with its own positions for purposes of determining compliance with position limits unless an exemption applies. The CFTC’s aggregation rules are now in effect, though CFTC staff have granted relief—until the effective date of any codifying rulemaking—from various conditions and requirements in the final aggregation rules. With the implementation of the final aggregation rules and upon the effectiveness of the final CFTC position limits rule, our ability to execute our hedging strategies described above could be limited. 31 Table of Contents The full impact of the Act and related regulatory requirements upon our businesses will not be known until all of the related regulations are implemented. The Act and any new regulations could significantly increase the cost of derivative contracts (including from swap recordkeeping and reporting requirements and through requirements to post collateral which could adversely affect our available liquidity), materially alter the terms of derivative contracts, reduce the availability of some derivatives to protect against risks we encounter and reduce our ability to monetize or restructure our existing derivative contracts. If we reduce our use of derivatives as a result of the Act and regulations, our results of operations may become more volatile and our cash flows may be less predictable, which could adversely affect our ability to plan for and fund capital expenditures. Any of these consequences could have material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. In addition, the European Union and other non-U.S. jurisdictions are implementing regulations with respect to the derivatives market. To the extent we transact with counterparties in foreign jurisdictions, we may become subject to such regulations. Our risk management policies cannot eliminate all commodity risk, basis risk or the impact of unfavorable market conditions, each of which can adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. In addition, any noncompliance with our risk management policies could result in significant financial losses. While our hedging policies are designed to minimize commodity risk, some degree of exposure to unforeseen fluctuations in market conditions remains. For example, we change our hedged position daily in response to movements in our inventory. If we overestimate or underestimate our sales from inventory, we may be unhedged for the amount of the overestimate or underestimate. Also, significant increases in the costs of the products we sell can materially increase our costs to carry inventory. We use our credit facility as our primary source of financing to carry inventory and may be limited to the amounts we can borrow to carry inventory. Basis risk is the inherent market price risk created when a commodity of certain grade or location is purchased, sold or exchanged as compared to a purchase, sale or exchange of a like commodity at a different time or place. Transportation costs and timing differentials are components of basis risk. For example, we use the NYMEX to hedge our commodity risk with respect to pricing of energy products traded on the NYMEX. Physical deliveries under NYMEX contracts are made in New York Harbor. To the extent we take deliveries in other ports, such as Boston Harbor, we may have basis risk. In a backward market (when prices for future deliveries are lower than current prices), basis risk is created with respect to timing. In these instances, physical inventory generally loses value as basis declines over time. Basis risk cannot be entirely eliminated, and basis exposure, particularly in backward or other adverse market conditions, can adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We monitor processes and procedures to prevent unauthorized trading and to maintain substantial balance between purchases and sales or future delivery obligations. We can provide no assurance, however, that these steps will detect and/or prevent all violations of such risk management policies and procedures, particularly if deception or other intentional misconduct is involved. We are exposed to trade credit risk and risk associated with our trade credit support in the ordinary course of our business activities. We are exposed to risks of loss in the event of nonperformance by our customers, by counterparties of our forward and futures contracts, options and swap agreements and by our suppliers. Some of our customers, counterparties and suppliers may be highly leveraged and subject to their own operating and regulatory risks. The tightening of credit in the financial markets may make it more difficult for customers and counterparties to obtain financing and, depending on the degree to which it occurs, there may be a material increase in the nonpayment and nonperformance of our customers and counterparties. Even if our credit review and analysis mechanisms work properly, we may experience financial losses in our dealings with other parties. Any increase in the nonpayment or nonperformance by our customers and/or counterparties and the nonperformance by our suppliers could reduce our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. 32 Table of Contents Additionally, our access to trade credit support could diminish and/or become more expensive. Our ability to continue to receive sufficient trade credit on commercially acceptable terms could be adversely affected by fluctuations in prices of petroleum products, renewable fuels and other products we sell or disruptions in the credit markets or for any other reason. Any of these events could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We are exposed to performance risk in our supply chain. We rely upon our suppliers to timely produce the volumes and types of refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil for which they contract with us. In the event one or more of our suppliers does not perform in accordance with its contractual obligations, we may be required to purchase product on the open market to satisfy forward contracts we have entered into with our customers in reliance upon such supply arrangements. We may purchase refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil from a variety of suppliers under term contracts and on the spot market. In times of extreme market demand, we may be unable to satisfy our supply requirements. Furthermore, a portion of our supply comes from other countries, which could be disrupted by political events, natural disaster, logistical issues associated with delivery schedules or otherwise. In the event such supply becomes scarce, we may not be able to satisfy our supply requirements. If any of these events were to occur, we may be required to pay more for product that we purchase on the open market, which could result in financial losses and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Our gasoline, convenience store and prepared food sales could be significantly reduced by a reduction in demand due to higher prices and inflation in general and new technologies and alternative fuel sources, such as electric, hybrid, battery powered, hydrogen or other alternative fuel-powered motor vehicles and changing consumer preferences and driving habits. Technological advances and alternative fuel sources, such as electric, hybrid, battery powered, hydrogen or other alternative fuel-powered motor vehicles, may adversely affect the demand for gasoline. We could face additional competition from alternative energy sources as a result of future government-mandated controls or regulations which promote the use of alternative fuel sources. A number of legal incentives and regulatory requirements, and executive initiatives, including various government subsidies including the extension of certain tax credits for renewable energy, have made these alternative forms of energy more competitive. Changing consumer preferences or driving habits could lead to new forms of fueling destinations or potentially fewer customer visits to our sites, resulting in a decrease in gasoline sales and/or sales of food, sundries and other on-site services. In addition, higher prices, including as result of tariffs and other controls on imports or exports of goods, and inflation in general could reduce the demand for gasoline and the products and services we offer at our convenience stores and adversely impact our sales. A reduction in our sales could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Energy efficiency, higher prices, new technology and alternative fuels could reduce demand for our heating oil and residual oil. Increased conservation and technological advances have adversely affected the demand for home heating oil and residual oil. Consumption of residual oil has steadily declined over the last several decades. We could face additional competition from alternative energy sources as a result of future government-mandated controls or regulations further promoting the use of cleaner fuels or changing consumer preferences. End users who are dual-fuel users have the ability to switch between residual oil and natural gas. Other end users may elect to convert to natural gas, electric heat pumps or other alternative fuels. During a period of increasing residual oil prices relative to the prices of natural gas, dual-fuel customers may switch and other end users may convert to natural gas. During periods of increasing home heating oil prices relative to the price of natural gas, residential users of home heating oil may also convert to natural gas, electric heat pumps or other alternative fuels. As described above, such switching or conversion could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 33 Table of Contents Erosion of the value of major gasoline brands could adversely affect our gasoline sales and customer traffic. As a significant number of our retail gasoline stations and convenience stores are branded utilizing major gasoline brands, they may be dependent, in part, upon the continuing favorable reputation of such brands. Erosion of the value of major gasoline brands could have a negative impact on our gasoline sales, which in turn may cause our operations to be less profitable. We depend upon marine, pipeline, rail and truck transportation services for a substantial portion of our logistics activities in transporting the petroleum products we purchase and sell. Disruption in any of these transportation services could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Hurricanes, flooding and other severe weather conditions could cause a disruption in the transportation services we depend upon and could affect the flow of service. In addition, accidents, labor disputes between providers and their employees and labor renegotiations, including strikes, lockouts or a work stoppage, shortage of railcars, trucks and barges, mechanical difficulties or bottlenecks and disruptions in transportation logistics could also disrupt our business operations. These events could result in service disruptions and increased costs which could also adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Other disruptions, such as those due to an act of terrorism or war, could also adversely affect our businesses. Changes in government usage mandates and tax credits could adversely affect the availability and pricing of ethanol and renewable fuels, which could negatively impact our sales. The EPA has implemented a RFS pursuant to the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. The RFS program seeks to promote the incorporation of renewable fuels in the nation’s fuel supply and, to that end, sets annual quotas for the quantity of renewable fuels (such as ethanol) that must be blended into transportation fuels consumed in the United States. A RIN is assigned to each gallon of renewable fuel produced in or imported into the United States. We are exposed to volatility in the market price of RINs. We cannot predict the future prices of RINs. RIN prices are dependent upon a variety of factors, including EPA regulations related to the amount of RINs required and the total amounts that can be generated, the availability of RINs for purchase, the price at which RINs can be purchased, and levels of transportation fuels produced, all of which can vary significantly from quarter to quarter. For more information, please read Part I, Items 1. and 2. “Business and Properties—Regulation—Ethanol Market.” If sufficient RINs are unavailable for purchase or if we have to pay a significantly higher price for RINs, or if we are otherwise unable to meet the EPA’s RFS mandates, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. Future demand for ethanol will be largely dependent upon the economic incentives to blend based upon the relative value of gasoline and ethanol, taking into consideration the EPA’s regulations on the RFS program and oxygenate blending requirements. A reduction or waiver of the RFS mandate or oxygenate blending requirements could adversely affect the availability and pricing of ethanol, which in turn could adversely affect our future gasoline and ethanol sales. In addition, changes in blending requirements or broadening the definition of what constitutes a renewable fuel could affect the price of RINs which could impact the magnitude of the mark-to-market liability recorded for the deficiency, if any, in our RIN position relative to our RVO at a point in time. Future changes proposed by EPA for the renewable volume obligations may increase the cost to consumers for transportation fuel, which could result in a decline in demand for fuels and lower revenues for our business. We may not be able to obtain state fund or insurance reimbursement of our environmental remediation costs. Where releases of products, including, without limitation, refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil have occurred, federal and state laws and regulations require that contamination caused by such releases be assessed and remediated to meet applicable standards. Our obligation to remediate this type of contamination varies, depending upon applicable laws and regulations and the extent of, and the facts relating to, the release. A portion of the remediation costs for certain products may be recoverable from the reimbursement fund of the 34 Table of Contents applicable state and/or from third party insurance after any deductible or self-insured retention has been met, but there are no assurances that such reimbursement funds or insurance proceeds will be available to us. Potential exposure to products we handle at our facilities could subject us to product liability claims and complaints which could increase our litigation, operating and compliance costs and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. We may be subject to complaints or litigation arising out of alleged contamination and/or exposure to chemicals or other regulated materials, such as various perfluorinated compounds, including perfluorooctanoate, perfluorooctane sulfonate, perfluorohexane sulfonate, or other per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances, benzene and/or petroleum hydrocarbons, at or from our facilities. Such complaints or litigation could have a negative impact on our businesses. Future consumer or other litigation could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our retail gasoline and convenience store operations are characterized by a high volume of customer traffic and by transactions involving an array of products. These operations carry a higher exposure to consumer litigation risk when compared to the operations of companies operating in many other industries. Consequently, we may become a party to individual personal injury or products liability and other legal actions in the ordinary course of our retail gasoline and convenience store business. Any such action could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, we are occasionally exposed to industry-wide or class action claims arising from the products we carry or industry-specific business practices. Our defense costs and any resulting damage awards or settlement amounts may not be fully covered by our insurance policies. An unfavorable outcome or settlement of one or more of these lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We may incur costs or liabilities as a result of litigation or adverse publicity resulting from concerns over food quality, health or other issues that could cause customers to avoid our convenience stores. We may be the subject of complaints or litigation arising from food-related illness or injury in general which could have a negative impact on our businesses. Additionally, negative publicity, regardless of whether the allegations are valid, concerning food quality, food safety or other health concerns, employee relations or other matters related to our food preparation operations may materially adversely affect demand for our offerings and could result in a decrease in customer traffic to our convenience stores. We depend upon a small number of suppliers for a substantial portion of our convenience store merchandise inventory. A disruption in supply or an unexpected change in our relationships with our principal merchandise suppliers could have an adverse effect on our convenience store results of operations. We purchase convenience store merchandise inventory from a small number of suppliers for our directly operated convenience stores. A change of merchandise suppliers, a disruption in supply or a significant change in our relationships with our principal merchandise suppliers could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Governmental action and campaigns to discourage smoking and use of other products may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Congress has given the FDA broad authority to regulate tobacco and nicotine products, and the FDA, states and some municipalities have enacted and are pursuing enaction of numerous regulations restricting the sale of such products. These governmental actions, as well as national, state and municipal campaigns to discourage smoking, tax increases, and imposition of regulations restricting the sale of flavored tobacco products, e-cigarettes and vapor products, have and could result in reduced consumption levels, higher costs which we may not be able to pass on to our customers, and reduced overall customer traffic. Also, increasing regulations related to and restricting the sale of flavored tobacco products, e-cigarettes and vapor products may offset some of the gains we have experienced from selling these types of 35 Table of Contents products. These factors could materially affect the sale of this product mix which in turn could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Our financial condition, results of operations, and cash available for distribution to our unitholders may be adversely affected by global and national health concerns. Global and national health concerns, such as the outbreak of a pandemic or contagious disease like COVID-19, may adversely affect us by reducing demand for our products. Such a health concern could result in people traveling less and avoiding public spaces, such as convenience stores and other locales where food and sundries are sold, either due to self-imposed or government-mandated restrictions to halt the spread of disease, thereby resulting in a decrease in the demand for our products, including gasoline and other refined petroleum products, and a decrease in sales of food, sundries and other on-site services. Such an event may impair our suppliers’ ability to provide the volumes and types of product and goods we sell. A disease outbreak could affect the health of our workforce or result in travel restrictions, in either case rendering employees unable to work or travel. While these factors and the impact of these factors are difficult to predict, any one or more of them could disrupt our business as we may be unable to continue business operations in a continuous manner consistent with the level and extent of business activities prior to the occurrence of an unexpected event or events, lower our revenues, increase our costs, or reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. New entrants or increased competition in the convenience store industry could result in reduced gross profits. We compete with numerous other convenience store chains, independent convenience stores, supermarkets, drugstores, discount warehouse clubs, motor fuel service stations, mass merchants, quick service restaurants, other locales providing food services and other similar retail outlets. Several non-traditional retailers, including supermarkets and club stores, compete directly with convenience stores. We face intense competition in our purchasing, selling, gathering, blending, terminalling, transporting and storage activities. Competition from other providers of refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil that are able to supply our customers with those products and services at a lower price and have capital resources greater than ours could reduce our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. We are subject to competition from distributors and suppliers of refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil that may be able to supply our customers with the same or comparable products and gathering, blending, terminalling, transporting and storage services and logistics on a more competitive basis. We compete with terminal companies, major integrated oil companies and their marketing affiliates, wholesalers, producers and independent marketers of varying sizes, financial resources and experience. In our markets, we compete in various product lines and for all customers of those various products lines. We also compete with natural gas suppliers and marketers in our home heating oil and residual oil product lines. In various other geographic markets, particularly the unbranded gasoline and distillates markets, we compete with integrated refiners, merchant refiners and regional marketing companies. Our retail gasoline stations compete with unbranded and branded retail gas stations as well as supermarket and warehouse stores that sell gasoline. Some of our competitors are substantially larger than us, have greater financial resources and control greater supplies of refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil than we do. If we are unable to compete effectively, we may lose existing customers or fail to acquire new customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. For example, if a competitor attempts to increase market share by reducing prices, our operating results and cash available for distribution to our unitholders could be adversely affected. We may not be able to compete successfully with these companies, and our ability to compete could be harmed by factors including price competition and the availability of alternative and less expensive fuels. We may not be able to renew or replace our leases or agreements for dedicated storage when they expire. The bulk terminals we own or lease or at which we maintain dedicated storage facilities play a key role in moving product to our customers. We own, lease or maintain dedicated storage facilities at a number of bulk terminals at 36 Table of Contents which we have leases and terminalling agreements. These lease and terminalling agreements are subject to expiration at various times through 2030. If these lease and terminalling agreements are not renewed or we are unable to renew them at rates and on terms and conditions satisfactory to us or we are otherwise unable to replace such dedicated storage as may be needed, it could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We may not be able to lease sites we own and/or sub-lease sites we lease with respect to the sale of gasoline and/or related activities on favorable terms and any such failure could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. If we are unable to obtain tenants on favorable terms for sites we own or lease, the lease payments we receive may not be adequate to cover our rent expense for leased sites and/or may not be adequate to cover costs associated with ownership of that site. We may lease certain sites where the rent expense we pay is more than the lease payments we collect. We cannot provide any assurance that our gross margin from the sale of transportation fuels and related convenience store items at sites will be adequate to offset unfavorable lease terms. The occurrence of these events could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Some of our sales are generated pursuant to contracts that must be renegotiated or replaced periodically. If we are unable to successfully renegotiate or replace these contracts, our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders could be adversely affected. Most of our arrangements with our customers are renegotiated or replaced periodically. As these contracts expire, they must be renegotiated or replaced. We may be unable to renegotiate or replace these contracts when they expire, and the terms of any renegotiated contracts may not be as favorable as the contracts they replace. Whether these contracts are successfully renegotiated or replaced is often subject to factors beyond our control. Such factors include fluctuations in refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil prices, counterparty’s ability to pay for or accept contracted volumes and a competitive marketplace for the services and products offered by us. If we cannot successfully renegotiate or replace our contracts or if we renegotiate or replace them on less favorable terms, sales from these arrangements could decline, and our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders could be adversely affected. Due to our limited asset and geographic diversification, adverse developments in the terminals we use or in our operating areas could reduce our ability to make distributions to our unitholders. We rely primarily on sales generated from products distributed from terminals we own or control or to which we have access. Furthermore, a substantial portion of our assets and operations are located throughout the Northeast. Due to our limited diversification in asset type and location, an adverse development in these businesses or areas, including adverse developments due to catastrophic events or weather and corresponding decreases in demand for refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels, crude oil and propane, could have a significantly greater impact on our results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders than if we maintained more diverse assets and locations. Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions for which we may not be adequately insured. We are not fully insured against all risks incident to our businesses. Our operations are subject to operational hazards and unforeseen interruptions such as natural disasters, weather (including as the result of climate change), accidents, fires, explosions, hazardous materials releases, mechanical failures, disruptions in supply infrastructure or logistics and other events beyond our control. If any of these events were to occur, we could incur substantial losses because of personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property and equipment, and pollution or other environmental damage resulting in curtailment or suspension of our related operations. We primarily store gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels, crude oil and propane in underground and above ground storage tanks. Our operations are also subject to significant hazards and risks inherent in storing such 37 Table of Contents products. These hazards and risks include fires, explosions, spills, discharges and other releases, any of which could result in distribution difficulties and disruptions, environmental pollution, governmentally-imposed fines or clean-up obligations, personal injury or wrongful death claims and other damage to our properties and the properties of others. Furthermore, we may be unable to maintain or obtain insurance of the type and amount we desire at reasonable rates. As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain of our insurance policies have increased and could escalate further. In some instances, certain insurance could become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we are not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to unitholders. Environmental laws and other industry-related regulations or environmental litigation could significantly impact our operations and/or increase our costs, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Our operations are subject to federal, state and municipal laws and regulations regulating, among other matters, logistics activities, product quality specifications and other environmental matters. The trend in environmental regulation has been towards more restrictions and limitations on activities that may affect the environment over time. For example, while in office, President Biden signed an executive order calling for new or more stringent emissions standards for new, modified and existing oil and gas facilities, and the EPA has finalized rules to that effect. These rules are subject to legal challenge, withdrawal, or repeal by the Trump administration, and enforcement of such rules under President Trump is subject to change. Our businesses may be adversely affected by increased costs and liabilities resulting from such stricter laws and regulations. We try to anticipate future regulatory requirements that might be imposed and plan accordingly to remain in compliance with changing environmental laws and regulations and to minimize the costs of such compliance. There can be no assurances as to the timing and type of such changes in existing laws or the promulgation of new laws or the amount of any required expenditures associated therewith. Risks related to our environmental permits, including the risk of noncompliance, permit interpretation, permit modification, renewal of permits on less favorable terms, judicial or administrative challenges to permits by citizens groups or federal, state or municipal entities or permit revocation are inherent in the operation of our businesses as it is with other companies engaged in similar businesses. We may not be able to renew the permits necessary for our operations, or we may be forced to accept terms in future permits that limit our operations or result in additional compliance costs. Our terminalling operations are subject to federal, state and municipal laws and regulations relating to environmental protection and operational safety that could require us to incur substantial costs. The risk of substantial environmental costs and liabilities is inherent in terminal operations, and we may incur substantial environmental costs and liabilities. Our terminalling operations involving the receipt, storage and delivery of primarily refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil are subject to stringent federal, state and municipal laws and regulations governing the discharge of materials into the environment, or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment, operational safety and related matters. Compliance with these laws and regulations increases our overall cost of business, including our capital costs to maintain and upgrade equipment and facilities. We utilize a number of terminals that are owned and operated by third parties who are also subject to these stringent federal, state and municipal environmental laws in their operations. Their compliance with these requirements could increase the cost of doing business with these facilities. In addition, our operations could be adversely affected if shippers of refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil incur additional costs or liabilities associated with regulations, including environmental regulations. These shippers could increase their charges to us or discontinue service altogether. Similarly, many of our suppliers face a trend of increasing environmental regulations, which could likewise restrict their ability to produce crude oil or fuels, or increase their costs of production, and thus impact the price of, and/or their ability to deliver, these products. Various governmental authorities, including the EPA, have the power to enforce compliance with these regulations and the permits issued under them, and violators are subject to administrative, civil and criminal penalties, 38 Table of Contents including fines, injunctions or both. Joint and several liability may be incurred, without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct, under federal and state environmental laws for the remediation of contaminated areas at our facilities and those where we do business. Private parties, including the owners of properties located near our terminal facilities and those with whom we do business, also may have the right to pursue legal actions against us to enforce compliance with environmental laws, as well as seek damages for personal injury or property damage. We may also be held liable for damages to natural resources. In recent years environmental interest groups have filed suit against companies in the energy industry related to climate change. Should such suits succeed, we could face additional compliance costs or litigation risks. The possibility exists that new, stricter laws, regulations or enforcement policies could significantly increase our compliance costs and the cost of any remediation that may become necessary, some of which may be material. Our insurance may not cover all environmental risks and costs or may not provide sufficient coverage in the event an environmental claim is made against us. We may incur increased costs because of stricter pollution control requirements or liabilities resulting from noncompliance with, or renewal of required operating or other regulatory permits. New environmental regulations, such as those related to the emissions of GHGs, might adversely affect the market for our products and activities, including the storage of refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil, as well as our waste management practices and our control of air emissions. Enactment of laws and passage of regulations regarding GHG emissions, or other actions to limit GHG emissions may reduce demand for fossil fuels and impact our businesses. Federal, state and municipal agencies also could impose additional safety regulations to which we would be subject. Because the laws and regulations applicable to our operations are subject to change, we cannot provide any assurance that compliance with future laws and regulations will not have a material effect on our results of operations. Additionally, the construction of new terminals or the expansion of an existing terminal involves numerous regulatory, environmental, political and legal uncertainties, most of which are not in our control. Delays, litigation, local concerns and difficulty in obtaining approvals for projects requiring federal, state or municipal permits could impact our ability to build, expand and operate strategic facilities and infrastructure, which could adversely impact growth and operational efficiency. Please read Part I, Items 1. and 2. “Business and Properties—Regulation.” Our assets and operations are subject to a series of risks arising from climate change. The threat of climate change continues to attract attention. In the United States, no comprehensive climate change legislation has been implemented at the federal level. Historically, the EPA has adopted rules that, among other things, establish permit reviews for GHG emissions from certain large stationary sources; require the monitoring and annual reporting of GHG emissions from specified sources in the United States; implement standards reducing emissions of methane, a form of GHG, from specified oil and gas sectors; and together with the U.S. Department of Transportation, implement GHG emissions limits on vehicles manufactured for operation in the United States. In addition, it is possible federal legislation could be adopted in the future to restrict GHGs, as Congress has considered various proposals to reduce GHG emissions from time to time. Many states and regions have also adopted GHG initiatives. While these rules largely do not directly impact our operations, they do represent a concerted effort at the federal level to reduce emissions of GHGs in an effort to mitigate adverse effects associated with climate change. Federal regulation of GHG emissions has been grounded in the EPA’s 2009 Endangerment Finding under the CAA, which supported regulation of GHG emissions from motor vehicles and engines. In February 2026, the EPA issued a final rule rescinding the 2009 Endangerment Finding and repealing GHG emission standards for light-, medium-, and heavy-duty motor vehicles and engines under Section 202(a)(1) of the CAA. The final rule states that the EPA has determined it lacks statutory authority under Section 202(a)(1) to regulate GHG emissions in response to global climate change concerns and becomes effective 60 days after publication in the Federal Register. The rescission of the 2009 Endangerment Finding may affect the legal and regulatory framework supporting federal GHG regulation, and the ultimate scope and durability of federal GHG requirements remain subject to further regulatory action and judicial review. It is possible that future international, federal, and state initiatives to control GHG emissions could result in increased costs associated with refined petroleum products consumption, such as costs to install 39 Table of Contents additional controls to reduce GHG emissions or costs to purchase emissions reduction credits to comply with future emissions trading programs. Such increased costs could result in reduced demand for refined petroleum products and some customers switching to alternative sources of fuel, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Climate change continues to attract public and scientific attention. This attention has also resulted in increased political risks, including climate change related pledges made by certain candidates for, or holders of, public office. These have included promises to curtail oil and gas operations on federal land, such as through the cessation of leasing federal land for hydrocarbon development. Other actions that could be pursued include more restrictive requirements for the development of midstream infrastructure. Additionally, litigation has been filed against companies in the energy industry related to climate change. Although the litigation is varied, many such suits allege that oil and gas companies have created public nuisances by producing fuels that contribute to climate change or allege that the companies have been aware of the adverse effects of climate change for some time but failed to adequately disclose those impacts to their investors and customers. Should such suits succeed, we could face additional costs or litigation risks. Additionally, in response to concerns related to climate change, companies in the fossil fuel sector may be exposed to increasing financial risks. Certain financial institutions, including investment advisors and certain sovereign wealth, pension, and endowment funds, may elect in the future to shift some or all of their investment into non-fossil fuel related sectors. There is also a risk that financial institutions may be required to adopt policies that have the effect of reducing the funding provided to the fossil fuel sector, although this trend has waned recently and several high-profile banks and institutional investors have withdrawn from various associations that aim to limit financing of industries that emit significant GHG emissions. The impact of these developments on our ability to secure funding is unclear at this time. Separately, many scientists have concluded that increasing concentrations of GHG in the earth’s atmosphere may produce climate changes that have significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of storms, droughts, and floods and other climatic events. If any of those effects were to occur in areas where our facilities are located, they could have an adverse effect on our assets and operations. For further information, please read Part I, Items 1. and 2. “Business and Properties—Regulation—Climate Change.” 1 Increased attention to environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters may impact our business. Increased attention to, and social expectations on, companies to address climate change and other environmental and social impacts, investor and societal explanations regarding ESG disclosures, and increased consumer demand for alternative forms of energy may result in increased costs, reduced demand for our products, reduced profits, increased investigations and litigation, and negative impacts on our unit price and access to capital markets. Increased attention to climate change and environmental conservation, for example, may result in demand shifts for our products and additional governmental investigations and private litigation against us. To the extent that societal pressures or political or other factors are involved, it is possible that such liability could be imposed without regard to our causation or contribution to the asserted damage, or other mitigating factors. Additionally, we may receive pressure from investors, lenders, or other stakeholders to adopt more aggressive climate or other ESG-related goals or commitments, but we cannot guarantee that we will be able to implement such goals because of potential costs or technical or operational obstacles. A failure or a perception of failure (whether or not valid) to pursue, implement or make progress against ESG strategies or achieve ESG goals or commitments, or as the result of reporting of various ESG metrics, strategies or risks and such disclosures are viewed critically, could result in governmental investigations or enforcement, private litigation and damage our reputation, cause our investors or consumers to lose confidence in us, and negatively impact our operations. In addition, organizations that provide information, ratings or advisory services, to investors on corporate governance and related matters have developed processes for evaluating companies on their approach to ESG matters. Such ratings or recommendations are used by some investors to inform their investment decisions. Unfavorable ESG ratings or recommendations may lead to increased negative investor sentiment toward us or our customers and to the diversion of investment or other industries which could have a negative impact on our unit price or our access to and 40 Table of Contents costs of capital. Additionally, certain institutional lenders may decide not to provide funding or insurance for fossil fuel energy companies or the corresponding infrastructure projects based on climate change related concerns, which could affect our access to capital for potential growth projects. Moreover, to the extent ESG matters negatively impact our reputation, we may not be able to compete as effectively or recruit or retain employees, which may adversely affect our operations. Finally, certain public statements with respect to sustainability matters, such as emissions reduction goals, other environmental targets, or other commitments addressing certain social issues, have been subject to heightened scrutiny from public and governmental authorities related to the risk of potential “greenwashing,” i.e., misleading information or false claims overstating potential benefits. Federal and state regulators, as well as non-governmental organizations and other private actors, have also filed lawsuits under various securities and consumer protection laws alleging that certain ESG statements, goals, or standards were misleading, false, or otherwise deceptive. Any alleged claims of greenwashing against us or others in our industry may lead to increased litigation risks, further negative sentiment and diversion of investments. Certain employment or business practices and social initiatives are the subject of scrutiny by both those calling for the continued advancement of such policies, as well as those who believe they should be curbed, including government actors, and the complex regulatory and legal frameworks applicable to such initiatives continue to evolve. More recent political developments could mean that we could face increasing criticism or litigation risks from certain “anti-ESG” parties. Consideration of ESG-related factors in our decision-making could be subject to increasing scrutiny and objection from such anti-ESG parties. We cannot be certain of the impact of such regulatory, legal and other developments on our business. Accordingly, there may be increased costs related to reviewing, implementing and managing such policies, as well as compliance and litigation risks based both on positions we do or do not take, or work we do or do not perform. Our businesses involve the buying, selling, gathering, blending and shipping of refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil by various modes of transportation, which involves risks of derailment, accidents and liabilities associated with cleanup and damages, as well as potential regulatory changes that may adversely impact our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. Our operations involve the buying and selling, gathering and blending of refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels and crude oil and shipping it to various markets including on railcars that we lease. The derailments of trains transporting such products in North America have caused various regulatory agencies and industry organizations, as well as federal, state and municipal governments, to focus attention on transportation by rail of certain materials. Additional measures have been taken in both the United States and Canada to regulate the transportation of these products. Please read Part I, Items 1. and 2. “Business and Properties—Regulation—Hazardous Materials Transportation.” Any changes to the existing laws and regulations, or promulgation of new laws and regulations, including any voluntary measures by the rail industry, that result in new requirements for the design, construction or operation of tank cars, including those used to transport crude oil or other products, may require us to make expenditures to comply with new standards that are material to our operations, and, to the extent that new regulations require design changes or other modifications of tank cars, we may incur significant constraints on transportation capacity during the period while tank cars are being retrofitted or newly constructed to comply with the new regulations. We cannot assure that the totality of costs incurred to comply with any new standards and regulations and any impacts on our operations will not be material to our businesses, financial condition or results of operations. In addition, any derailment of railcars or other events related to products that we have purchased or are shipping may result in claims being brought against us that may involve significant liabilities. Although we believe that we are adequately insured against such events, we cannot assure you that our policies will cover the entirety of any damages that may arise from such an event. 41 Table of Contents We are subject to federal, state and municipal laws and regulations that govern the product quality specifications of the refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels, crude oil and propane we purchase, store, transport and sell. Various federal, state and municipal government agencies have the authority to prescribe specific product quality specifications to the sale of commodities that we purchase, store, transport and sell. Changes in product quality specifications, such as reduced sulfur content in refined petroleum products, or other more stringent requirements for fuels, could reduce our ability to procure product and adversely impact related sales volume, require us to incur additional handling costs and/or require the expenditure of capital. For instance, different product specifications for different markets could require additional storage. If we are unable to procure product or recover these costs through increased sales, we may not be able to meet our financial obligations. Failure to comply with these regulations could also result in substantial penalties. We are subject to federal, state and municipal environmental regulations which could have a material adverse effect on our retail operations business and results of operations. Our retail operations are subject to extensive federal, state and municipal laws and regulations, including those relating to the protection of the environment, waste management, discharge of hazardous materials, pollution prevention, as well as laws and regulations relating to public safety and health. Certain of these laws and regulations may require assessment or remediation efforts. Retail operations with USTs are subject to federal and state regulations and legislation. Compliance with existing and future environmental laws regulating USTs may require significant capital expenditures and increased operating and maintenance costs. The operation of USTs also poses certain other risks, including damages associated with soil and groundwater contamination. Leaks from USTs which may occur at one or more of our gas stations may impact soil or groundwater and could result in fines or civil liability for us. We may be required to make material expenditures to modify operations, perform site cleanups or curtail operations. We are subject to federal, state and municipal non-environmental regulations which could have an adverse effect on our convenience store business and results of operations. Our convenience store business is subject to extensive governmental laws and regulations that include legal restrictions on the sale of alcohol, tobacco and lottery products, food labelling, food preparation, safety and health requirements and public accessibility. Furthermore, state and local regulatory agencies have the power to approve, revoke, suspend, or deny applications for and renewals of permits and licenses relating to the sale of alcohol, tobacco and lottery products or to seek other remedies. A violation of or change in such laws and/or regulations could have an adverse effect on our convenience store business and results of operations. Regulations related to wages also affect our businesses. Any increase in the statutory minimum wage would result in an increase in our labor costs and such cost increase could adversely affect our businesses, financial condition and results of operations. Any terrorist attacks aimed at our facilities and any global and domestic economic repercussions from terrorist activities and the government’s response could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Since the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States, the U.S. government has issued warnings that energy assets may be future targets of terrorist organizations. In addition to the threat of terrorist attacks, we face various other security threats, including cybersecurity threats to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information or systems or to render data or systems unusable; threats to the safety of our employees; threats to the security of our facilities, such as terminals and pipelines, and infrastructure or third-party facilities and infrastructure. Although we utilize various procedures and controls to monitor these threats and mitigate our exposure to security threats, there can be no assurance that these procedures and controls will be sufficient in preventing such threats from materializing. If any of these events were to materialize, they could lead to losses of sensitive information, critical infrastructure, personnel or capabilities, essential to our operations and could have a material adverse effect on our 42 Table of Contents reputation, financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. Cybersecurity attacks in particular continue to evolve and include malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to, or otherwise disrupt, pipeline control systems, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data, and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in critical systems, including pipeline control systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. These events could damage our reputation and lead to financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability. We incur costs for providing facility security and may incur additional costs in the future with respect to the receipt, storage and distribution of our products. Additional security measures could also restrict our ability to distribute refined petroleum products, gasoline blendstocks, renewable fuels, crude oil and propane. Any future terrorist attack on our facilities, or those of our customers, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Terrorist activity could lead to increased volatility in prices for home heating oil, gasoline and other products we sell, which could decrease our customers’ demand for these products. Insurance carriers are required to offer coverage for terrorist activities as a result of federal legislation. We purchase this coverage with respect to our property and casualty insurance programs. The cost of this coverage could increase in the future. We rely on our operational and information technology systems, including cybersecurity, to manage numerous aspects of our businesses, and a disruption of these systems could adversely affect our businesses. We depend on our operational and information technology systems, including information technology systems hosted, managed and controlled by third-party service providers, to manage numerous aspects of our businesses and to provide analytical information to management. Our operational and information technology systems are an essential component of our businesses and growth strategies, and a serious disruption to our operational and information technology systems, including those of our third-party service providers, could significantly limit our ability to manage and operate our businesses effectively. These systems are vulnerable to, among other things, damage and interruption from power loss or natural disasters, computer system and network failures, loss of telecommunication services, physical and electronic loss of data, cybersecurity and other security breaches, computer viruses and computer malware. In addition, advances in computer capabilities, discoveries in the field of artificial intelligence, or other developments may result in a compromise or breach of the technology we use to safeguard our operational and information technology systems and confidential, personal, or otherwise protected information. As the breadth and complexity of the technologies we use continue to grow, including as a result of the use of mobile devices, cloud services, artificial intelligence, open-source software, social media and the increased reliance on devices connected to the internet, the potential risk of cyberattacks and cybersecurity incidents also increases. While we believe we have adequate systems and controls in place, we are continuously working to install new, and upgrade existing, operational and information technology systems and provide employee awareness around phishing, malware and other cybersecurity risks in an effort to ensure that we are protected against cybersecurity risks and security breaches. We have a disaster recovery plan in place, but this plan may not entirely prevent delays or other complications that could arise from an operational and information technology systems failure or disruption. Any failure or interruption in our operational and information technology systems, or those of our third-party service providers, could have a negative impact on our operating results, cause our businesses and competitive position to suffer and damage our reputation. In the normal course of our businesses, we may obtain personal data, including payment-related information. While we believe we have adequate cybersecurity and other security controls over personally identifiable customer, employee and vendor data provided to us, a breakdown or a breach in our systems that results in the unauthorized release of personally identifiable customer or other sensitive data could nonetheless occur and have a material adverse effect on our reputation, operating results and financial condition. Cybersecurity breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and operations, and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, in our data centers and on our networks, we collect and store sensitive data including, without limitation, our proprietary business information and that of our customers, suppliers and business 43 Table of Contents partners, information with respect to potential ventures and transactions, and personally identifiable information of our employees, customers and business partners. The secure storage, processing, maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures and those of our vendors and suppliers, our operational and information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to ransomware, malware or other cyberattacks by hackers, employee error or malfeasance, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures or other disruptions, or as a result of similar disruptions experienced by our business partners, suppliers and/or vendors. While there have been incidents of security breaches and unauthorized access to our operational and information technologies and those of our vendors and suppliers, we have not experienced any material impact to our operations or business as a result of these attacks; however, other similar incidents could have a significant negative impact on our systems and operations. Any such cyberattack or breach or other disruption could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information or loss of access to information could result in legal claims or proceedings, liability under laws that protect the privacy of personal information, regulatory penalties, disruption of our operations, damage to our reputation, and loss of confidence in our ability to supply our products and services or maintain the security of information we collect and store, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, as technologies evolve, cyberattacks become increasingly sophisticated, and the regulatory framework for data privacy and security worldwide continues to evolve and develop, we may incur significant costs to modify, upgrade or enhance our security measures and we may face difficulties in fully anticipating or implementing adequate security measures or new or revised mandated processes or in generally mitigating potential harm. Further, any actual or perceived failure to comply with any new or existing laws, regulations and other obligations could result in fines, penalties or other liability. We have providers that may incorporate generative artificial intelligence and other similar artificial intelligence tools and systems into their offerings, and these providers may not meet regulatory or industry standards. We have providers that may incorporate generative artificial intelligence and other similar artificial intelligence (“AI”) tools and systems into their offerings. The providers of these AI tools and systems may not meet existing or rapidly evolving regulatory or industry standards with respect to privacy and data protection and may inhibit our or our providers’ ability to maintain an adequate level of service. The use of AI tools and systems also adds heightened risks related to intellectual property infringement, inaccurate or misleading AI system output and unintended biases and discriminatory outcomes. If these vendors or our third-party partners experience an actual or perceived breach or privacy or security incident because of the use of AI tools and systems and generative AI in particular, we may lose valuable confidential information and experience a disruption of our operations. Risks of AI system use also include fines, penalties, governmental scrutiny and litigation. All of these risks could adversely affect our business, financial results, reputation and the public perception of the effectiveness of our security measures. Accordingly, we continue to enhance our practices to manage the opportunity and risks of AI system use, which may require significant additional and ongoing investments to address lawful and responsible deployment. We are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations related to cybersecurity and privacy, which can impact our operations and increase our costs. We are subject to various federal and state cybersecurity and privacy laws. We monitor legislative and enforcement priorities to ascertain their relevance to and potential impact on our business. The trend during the past 10 years of new and enhanced privacy and cybersecurity laws continued in 2025. During 2025, new cybersecurity and privacy laws that apply to our business were enacted or became effective, including the U.S. Coast Guard Cyber Security Regulations under the Marine Transportation Security Act, published in January 2025, which pertain to certain of our terminals, and a new consumer privacy law which entered into force in New Hampshire. We anticipate that our cybersecurity and privacy obligations will continue to increase, which may require us to expend significant resources. Further, any actual or perceived failure to comply with privacy and cybersecurity laws may trigger fines, penalties, governmental scrutiny, litigation, reputational harm or other liability. 44 Table of Contents We depend on key personnel for the success of our businesses. We depend on the services of our senior management team and other key personnel. The loss of the services of any member of senior management or key employee could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We may not be able to locate or employ on acceptable terms qualified replacements for senior management or other key employees if their services were no longer available. Certain executive officers of our general partner perform services for one of our affiliates pursuant to a services agreement. Please read Part III, Item 13, “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence—Services Agreement.” We depend on unionized labor for the operation of certain of our terminals. Any work stoppages or labor disturbances at these terminals could disrupt our businesses. Any work stoppages or labor disturbances by our unionized labor force at facilities with an organized workforce could have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash available for distribution to our unitholders. In addition, employees who are not currently represented by labor unions may seek representation in the future, and any renegotiation of collective bargaining agreements may result in terms that are less favorable to us. If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, then we may not be able to accurately report our financial results or prevent fraud. As a result, current and potential unitholders could lose confidence in our financial reporting, which could harm our businesses and could adversely influence the trading price of our units. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports, prevent fraud and operate successfully as a public company. If our efforts to maintain internal controls are not successful or if we are unable to maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future or if we are unable to comply with our obligations under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, our operating results could be harmed or we may fail to meet our reporting obligations. Ineffective internal controls also could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our units. Risks Related to our Structure Our general partner and its affiliates have conflicts of interest and limited fiduciary duties, which could permit them to favor their own interests to the detriment of our unitholders. As of February 20, 2026, our general partner and affiliates of our general partner, including directors and executive officers and their affiliates, owned 12.7% of our common units and the entire general partner interest. Although our general partner has a fiduciary duty to manage us in a manner beneficial to us and our unitholders, the directors and officers of our general partner have a fiduciary duty to manage our general partner in a manner beneficial to its owners. Furthermore, certain directors and officers of our general partner are directors or officers of affiliates of our general partner. Conflicts of interest may arise between our general partner and its affiliates, on the one hand, and us and our unitholders, on the other hand. As a result of these conflicts, our general partner may favor its own interests and the interests of its affiliates over the interests of our unitholders. Please read “—Our partnership agreement limits our general partner’s fiduciary duties to unitholders and restricts the remedies available to unitholders for actions taken by our general partner that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duty.” These conflicts include, among others, the following situations: ● Our general partner is allowed to take into account the interests of parties other than us, such as affiliates of its members, in resolving conflicts of interest, which has the effect of limiting its fiduciary duty to our unitholders. ● Affiliates of our general partner may engage in competition with us under certain circumstances. Please read “—Certain members of the Slifka family and their affiliates may engage in activities that compete directly with us.” 45 Table of Contents ● Neither our partnership agreement nor any other agreement requires owners of our general partner to pursue a business strategy that favors us. Directors and officers of our general partner’s owners have a fiduciary duty to make these decisions in the best interest of such owners which may be contrary to our interests. ● Some officers of our general partner who provide services to us devote time to affiliates of our general partner. ● Our general partner has limited its liability and reduced its fiduciary duties under the partnership agreement, while also restricting the remedies available to our unitholders for actions that, without these limitations, might constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. As a result of purchasing common units, common unitholders consent to some actions and conflicts of interest that might otherwise constitute a breach of fiduciary or other duties under applicable state law. Additionally, our partnership agreement provides that we, and the officers and directors of our general partner, do not owe any duties, including fiduciary duties, or have any liabilities to holders of our preferred units. ● Our general partner determines the amount and timing of asset purchases and sales, borrowings, issuances of additional partnership securities and reserves, each of which can affect the amount of cash available for distribution to our unitholders. ● Our general partner determines the amount and timing of any capital expenditures and whether a capital expenditure is a maintenance capital expenditure, which reduces distributable cash flow, or a capital expenditure for acquisitions or capital improvements, which does not, and such determination can affect the amount of cash distributed to our unitholders. ● In some instances, our general partner may cause us to borrow funds in order to permit the payment of cash distributions, even if the purpose or effect of the borrowing is to make incentive distributions. ● Our general partner determines which costs incurred by it and its affiliates are reimbursable by us. ● Our partnership agreement does not restrict our general partner from causing us to pay it or its affiliates for any services rendered on terms that are fair and reasonable to us or entering into additional contractual arrangements with any of these entities on our behalf. ● Our general partner intends to limit its liability regarding our contractual and other obligations. ● Our general partner may exercise its limited right to call and purchase common units if it and its affiliates own more than 80% of the common units. ● Our general partner controls the enforcement of obligations owed to us by it and its affiliates. ● Our general partner decides whether to retain separate counsel, accountants or others to perform services for us. Please read Part III, Item 13, “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence—Noncompetition.” Our partnership agreement limits our general partner’s fiduciary duties to unitholders and restricts the remedies available to unitholders for actions taken by our general partner that might otherwise constitute breaches of fiduciary duty. Our partnership agreement contains provisions that reduce the standards to which our general partner would otherwise be held by state fiduciary duty law. Our partnership agreement provides that we, and the officers and directors 46 Table of Contents of our general partner, do not owe any duties, including fiduciary duties, or have any liabilities to holders of our preferred units. Additionally, our partnership agreement: ● permits our general partner to make a number of decisions in its individual capacity, as opposed to in its capacity as our general partner. This entitles our general partner to consider only the interests and factors that it desires, and it has no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of, or factors affecting, us, our affiliates or any limited partner. Examples include the exercise of its limited call right, its voting rights with respect to the units it owns, its registration rights and its determination whether or not to consent to any merger or consolidation of us; ● provides that our general partner shall not have any liability to us or our unitholders for decisions made in its capacity as general partner so long as it acted in good faith, meaning it believed that the decision was in our best interests; ● generally provides that affiliated transactions and resolutions of conflicts of interest not approved by the conflicts committee of the board of directors of our general partner and not involving a vote of unitholders must be on terms no less favorable to us than those generally being provided to or available from unrelated third parties or be “fair and reasonable” to us and that, in determining whether a transaction or resolution is “fair and reasonable,” our general partner may consider the totality of the relationships between the parties involved, including other transactions that may be particularly advantageous or beneficial to us; and ● provides that our general partner and its officers and directors will not be liable for monetary damages to us, our limited partners or assignees for any acts or omissions unless there has been a final and non-appealable judgment entered by a court of competent jurisdiction determining that the general partner or those other persons acted in bad faith or engaged in fraud or willful misconduct. By purchasing a unit, a unitholder will become bound by the provisions of the partnership agreement, including the provisions described above. Unitholders have limited voting rights and are not entitled to elect our general partner or its directors or remove our general partner without the consent of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the outstanding common units (including common units held by our general partner and its affiliates), which could lower the trading price of our units. Unlike the holders of common stock in a corporation, unitholders have only limited voting rights on matters affecting our businesses and, therefore, limited ability to influence management’s decisions regarding our businesses. Unitholders have no right to elect our general partner or its board of directors on an annual or other continuing basis. The board of directors of our general partner is chosen entirely by its members and not by the unitholders. Furthermore, if the unitholders are dissatisfied with the performance of our general partner, they have limited ability to remove our general partner. The vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of all outstanding common units (including common units held by our general partner and its affiliates) is required to remove our general partner. Although the holders of our preferred units are entitled to limited protective voting rights with respect to certain matters, our preferred units generally vote separately as a class along with any other series of parity securities that we may issue upon which like voting rights have been conferred and are exercisable. As a result, the voting rights of holders of our preferred units may be significantly diluted, and the holders of such other series of parity securities that we may issue may be able to control or significantly influence the outcome of any vote. As a result of these limitations, the prices at which our common units and our preferred units trade could diminish because of the absence or reduction of a takeover premium in the trading price. We may issue additional units without unitholder approval, which would dilute unitholders’ ownership interests. Except in the case of the issuance of units that rank equal to or senior to our preferred units, we may issue an unlimited number of limited partner interests of any type without the approval of our unitholders. We are allowed to 47 Table of Contents issue additional preferred units and parity securities without any vote of the holders of our preferred units, except where the cumulative distributions on our preferred units or any parity securities are in arrears. The issuance by us of additional common units or other equity securities of equal or senior rank will have the following effects: ● our unitholders’ proportionate ownership interest in us will decrease; ● the amount of cash available for distribution on each unit may decrease; ● the relative voting strength of each previously outstanding unit may be diminished; and ● the market price of the units may decline. We are prohibited from paying distributions on our common units if distributions on our preferred units are in arrears. The holders of our preferred units are entitled to certain rights that are senior to the rights of holders of our common units, such as rights to distributions and rights upon liquidation of the Partnership. If we do not pay the required distributions on our preferred units, we will be unable to pay distributions on our common units. Additionally, because distributions to our preferred units are cumulative, we will have to pay all unpaid accumulated preferred distributions before we can pay any distributions to our common unitholders. Also, because distributions to our common unitholders are not cumulative, if we do not pay distributions on our common units with respect to any quarter, our common unitholders will not be entitled to receive distributions covering any prior periods if we later commence paying distributions on our common units. The preferences and privileges of our preferred units could adversely affect the market price for our common units, or could make it more difficult for us to sell our common units in the future. Our preferred units are subordinated to our existing and future debt obligations and could be diluted by the issuance of additional units, including additional preferred units, and by other transactions. Our preferred units are subordinated to all of our existing and future indebtedness. The payment of principal and interest on our debt reduces cash available for distribution to our limited partners, including the holders of our preferred units. The issuance of additional units on parity with or senior to our preferred units (including additional preferred units) would dilute the interests of the holders of our preferred units, and any issuance of equal or senior ranking securities or additional indebtedness could affect our ability to pay distributions on, redeem or pay the liquidation preference on our preferred units. We cannot assure that we will be able to pay distributions on our preferred units regularly, and the agreements governing our indebtedness and redemptions of some or all of our preferred units may limit the cash available to make distributions on our preferred units. Pursuant to our partnership agreement, we distribute all of our “available cash” each quarter to our limited partners. Our partnership agreement defines “Available Cash” to generally mean, for each fiscal quarter, all cash and cash equivalents on hand on the date of determination of available cash with respect to such quarter, less the amount of any cash reserves established by our general partner to: ● provide for the proper conduct of our businesses; ● comply with applicable law or the terms of any of our debt instruments or other agreements; or ● provide funds for distributions to holders of our common units and preferred units for any one or more of the next four quarters. 48 Table of Contents As a result, we do not expect to accumulate significant amounts of cash. Depending on the timing and amount of our cash distributions, these distributions could significantly reduce the cash available to us in subsequent periods to make distributions on our preferred units. Further, our existing debt agreements and redemptions of some or all of our preferred units also may limit our ability to pay distributions on our preferred units. Change of control conversion rights may make it more difficult for a party to acquire us or discourage a party from acquiring us. The change of control conversion feature of our preferred units may have the effect of discouraging a third party from making an acquisition proposal for us or of delaying, deferring or preventing certain of our change of control transactions under circumstances that otherwise could provide the holders of our common units and preferred units with the opportunity to realize a premium over the then-current market price of such equity securities or that unitholders may otherwise believe is in their best interests. The market price of our common units could be adversely affected by sales of substantial amounts of our common units, including sales by our existing unitholders. A substantial number of our securities may be sold in the future either pursuant to Rule 144 under the Securities Act or pursuant to a registration statement filed with the SEC. Rule 144 under the Securities Act provides that after a holding period of six months, non-affiliates may resell restricted securities of reporting companies, provided that current public information for the reporting company is available. After a holding period of one year, non-affiliates may resell without restriction, and affiliates may resell in compliance with the volume, current public information and manner of sale requirements of Rule 144. Pursuant to our partnership agreement, members of the Slifka family have registration rights with respect to the common units owned by them. Sales by any of our existing unitholders of a substantial number of our common units, or the perception that such sales might occur, could have a material adverse effect on the price of our common units or could impair our ability to obtain capital through an offering of equity securities. An increase in interest rates may cause the market price of our units to decline. Like all equity investments, an investment in our common units is subject to certain risks. In exchange for accepting these risks, investors may expect to receive a higher rate of return than would otherwise be obtainable from lower-risk investments. Accordingly, as interest rates rise, the ability of investors to obtain higher risk-adjusted rates of return by purchasing government-backed debt securities may cause a corresponding decline in demand for riskier investments generally, including yield-based equity investments such as publicly-traded limited partnership interests. Reduced demand for our common units resulting from investors seeking other more favorable investment opportunities may cause the trading price of our common units to decline. One of the factors that influences the price of our preferred units is the distribution yield on our preferred units (as a percentage of the price of our preferred units) relative to market interest rates. An increase in market interest rates may lead prospective purchasers of our preferred units to expect a higher distribution yield, and higher interest rates would likely increase our borrowing costs and potentially decrease funds available for distribution to our limited partners, including the holders of our preferred units. Accordingly, higher market interest rates could cause the market price of our preferred units to decrease. Our general partner has a limited call right that may require unitholders to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price. If at any time our general partner and its affiliates own more than 80% of the common units, our general partner will have the right, but not the obligation, which it may assign to any of its affiliates or to us, to acquire all, but not less than all, of the common units held by unaffiliated persons at a price not less than their then-current market price. As a 49 Table of Contents result, unitholders may be required to sell their common units at an undesirable time or price and may not receive any return on their investment. Unitholders may also incur a tax liability upon a sale of their units. Our general partner is not obligated to obtain a fairness opinion regarding the value of the common units to be repurchased by it upon exercise of the limited call right. There is no restriction in our partnership agreement that prevents our general partner from issuing additional common units and exercising its call right. If our general partner exercises its limited call right, the effect would be to take us private and, if the units were subsequently deregistered, we would no longer be subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Our partnership agreement restricts the voting rights of unitholders owning 20% or more of any class of our units. Our partnership agreement restricts unitholders’ voting rights by providing that any units held by a person that owns 20% or more of any class of units then outstanding, other than our general partner, its affiliates, their transferees and persons who acquired such units with the prior approval of the board of directors of our general partner, cannot vote on any matter. Our partnership agreement also contains provisions limiting the ability of unitholders to call meetings or acquire information about our operations, as well as other provisions limiting the unitholders’ ability to influence the manner or direction of management. Cost reimbursements due to our general partner and its affiliates will reduce cash available for distribution to our unitholders. Prior to making any distribution on the common units, we reimburse our general partner and its affiliates for all expenses they incur on our behalf, which is determined by our general partner in its sole discretion. These expenses include all costs incurred by the general partner and its affiliates in managing and operating us, including costs for rendering corporate staff and support services to us. We are managed and operated by directors and executive officers of our general partner. Please read Part III, Item 13, “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.” The reimbursement of expenses and payment of fees, if any, to our general partner and its affiliates could adversely affect our ability to pay cash distributions to our unitholders. Unitholders may not have limited liability if a court finds that unitholder action constitutes control of our businesses. A general partner of a partnership generally has unlimited liability for the obligations of the partnership, except for those contractual obligations of the partnership that are expressly made without recourse to the general partner. Our partnership is organized under Delaware law, and we conduct business in a number of other states. The limitations on the liability of holders of limited partner interests for the obligations of a limited partnership have not been clearly established in some of the other states in which we do business. A unitholder could be liable for our obligations as if he were a general partner if: ● a court or government agency determined that we were conducting business in a state but had not complied with that particular state’s partnership statute; or ● a unitholder’s right to act with other unitholders to remove or replace the general partner, approve some amendments to our partnership agreement or take other actions under our partnership agreement constitute “control” of our businesses. Unitholders may have liability to repay distributions. Under certain circumstances, unitholders may have to repay amounts wrongfully returned or distributed to them. Under Delaware law, we may not make a distribution to unitholders if the distribution would cause our liabilities to exceed the fair value of our assets. Delaware law provides that for a period of three years from the date of the impermissible distribution, limited partners who received the distribution and who knew at the time of the distribution that it violated Delaware law will be liable to the limited partnership for the distribution amount. Purchasers of units who become limited partners are liable for the obligations of the transferring limited partner to make contributions to us that are known to the purchaser of units at the time it became a limited partner and for unknown obligations if the liabilities 50 Table of Contents could be determined from the partnership agreement. Liabilities to partners on account of their partnership interests and liabilities that are non-recourse to us are not counted for purposes of determining whether a distribution is permitted. The control of our general partner may be transferred to a third party without unitholder consent. Our general partner may transfer its general partner interest to a third party in a merger or in a sale of all or substantially all of its assets without the consent of the unitholders. Furthermore, there is no restriction in the partnership agreement on the ability of the members of our general partner from transferring their respective membership interests in our general partner to a third party. The new members of our general partner would then be in a position to replace the board of directors and officers of our general partner with their own choices and control the decisions taken by the board of directors and officers of our general partner. Certain members of the Slifka family and their affiliates may engage in activities that compete directly with us. While Mr. Eric Slifka’s employment agreement contains noncompetition provisions, it does not prohibit Mr. Slifka and certain affiliates of our general partner from owning certain assets or engaging in certain businesses that compete directly or indirectly with us. Please read Part III, Item 13, “Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence—Noncompetition.” Tax Risks Our tax treatment depends on our status as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and not being subject to a material amount of entity-level taxation. If the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, were to treat us as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or we become subject to entity level taxation for state tax purposes, our cash available for distribution to our common unitholders would be substantially reduced. The anticipated after-tax economic benefit of an investment in our common units depends largely on our being treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Despite the fact that we are organized as a limited partnership under Delaware law, we will be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes unless we satisfy a “qualifying income” requirement. Based upon our current operations and current Treasury Regulations, we believe we satisfy the qualifying income requirement. However, no ruling has been or will be requested regarding our treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Failing to meet the qualifying income requirement or a change in current law could cause us to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or otherwise subject us to taxation as an entity. If we were treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we would pay U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income at the corporate tax rate, which is currently a maximum of 21%, and would likely pay state income tax at varying rates. Distributions to our unitholders would generally be taxed again as corporate distributions, and no income, gains, losses, deductions or credits would flow through to our unitholders. Because a tax would be imposed upon us as a corporation, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be substantially reduced. Therefore, treatment of us as a corporation would result in a material reduction in the anticipated cash flow and after-tax return to our unitholders, likely causing a substantial reduction in the value of our common units. Our partnership agreement provides that if a law is enacted or existing law is modified or interpreted in a manner that subjects us to taxation as a corporation or otherwise subjects us to additional amounts of entity level taxation for U.S. federal, state, municipal or foreign income tax purposes, the minimum quarterly distribution amount and the target distribution amounts may be adjusted to reflect the impact of that law or interpretation on us. At the state level, several states have been evaluating ways to subject partnerships to entity-level taxation through the imposition of state income, franchise or other forms of taxation. We own assets and conduct business in several states that impose a margin or franchise tax. In the future, we may expand our operations. Imposition of a similar tax on us in other jurisdictions that we may expand to could substantially reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. 51 Table of Contents The tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships or an investment in our units could be subject to potential legislative, judicial or administrative changes or differing interpretations thereof, possibly applied on a retroactive basis. The present U.S. federal income tax treatment of publicly traded partnerships, including us, or an investment in our units, may be modified by administrative, legislative or judicial changes or differing interpretations thereof at any time. From time to time, members of Congress have proposed and considered substantive changes to the existing U.S. federal income tax laws that would affect publicly traded partnerships, including proposals that would eliminate our ability to qualify for partnership tax treatment. Recent proposals have provided for the expansion of the qualifying income exception for publicly traded partnerships in certain circumstances and other proposals have provided for the total elimination of the qualifying income exception upon which we rely for our partnership tax treatment. In addition, the Treasury Department has issued, and in the future may issue, regulations interpreting those laws that affect publicly traded partnerships. There can be no assurance that there will not be further changes to U.S. federal income tax laws or the Treasury Department’s interpretation of the qualifying income rules in a manner that could impact our ability to qualify as a partnership in the future. Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws or interpretations thereof may be applied retroactively and could make it more difficult or impossible for us to meet the exception for certain publicly traded partnerships to be treated as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes.  We are unable to predict whether any changes or other proposals will ultimately be enacted. In addition, there can be no assurance that there will not be any legislative, judicial or administrative changes in tax law generally that would negatively impact the value of an investment in our units. You are urged to consult with your own tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals in tax law generally and their potential effect on your investment in our units. We have subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes and subject to corporate-level income taxes. Even though we (as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) are not subject to U.S. federal income tax, some of our operations are conducted through subsidiaries that are organized as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We conduct substantially all of our operations of our end-user business through subsidiaries that are treated as corporations for U.S. federal income tax purposes. These corporations primarily engage in the retail sale of gasoline and/or operate convenience stores and collect rents on personal property leased to dealers and commissioned agents at other stations. We may elect to conduct additional operations through these corporate subsidiaries in the future. These corporate subsidiaries are subject to corporate-level taxes, which reduce the cash available for distribution to us and, in turn, to our unitholders. If the IRS were to successfully assert that these corporations have more tax liability than we anticipate or legislation were enacted that increased the corporate tax rate, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders would be further reduced. The income tax return filing positions taken by these corporate subsidiaries may require judgment, use of estimates, and the interpretation and application of complex tax laws. Despite our belief that the income tax return positions taken by these subsidiaries are fully supportable, certain positions may be successfully challenged by the IRS, state or local jurisdictions. If the IRS were to contest the U.S. federal income tax positions we take, it may adversely impact the market for our units, and the costs of any such contest would reduce our cash available for distribution to our unitholders. We have not requested a ruling from the IRS with respect to our treatment as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The IRS may adopt positions that differ from the positions we take. It may be necessary to resort to administrative or court proceedings to sustain some or all of the positions we take. A court may not agree with some or all of the positions we take. Any contest with the IRS may materially and adversely impact the market for our units and the price at which they trade. Moreover, the costs of any contest between us and the IRS will result in a reduction in our cash available for distribution to our unitholders and thus will be borne indirectly by our unitholders. 52 Table of Contents If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns, it (and some states) may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustments directly from us, in which case our cash available for distribution to our unitholders might be substantially reduced and our current and former unitholders may be required to indemnify us for any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustments that were paid on such unitholders’ behalf. If the IRS makes audit adjustments to our income tax returns, it (and some states) may assess and collect any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustments directly from us. To the extent possible, our general partner may elect to either pay the taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) directly to the IRS or, if we are eligible, issue a revised information statement to each unitholder and former unitholder with respect to an audited and adjusted return. Although our general partner may elect to have our unitholders and former unitholders take such audit adjustments into account and pay any resulting taxes (including applicable penalties or interest) in accordance with their interests in us during the tax year under audit, there can be no assurance that such election will be practical, permissible or effective in all circumstances. As a result, our current unitholders may bear some or all of the tax liability resulting from such audit adjustment, even if such unitholders did not own units in us during the tax year under audit. If, as a result of any such audit adjustment, we are required to make payments of taxes, penalties and interest, our cash available for distribution to our unitholders might be substantially reduced and our current and former unitholders may be required to indemnify us for any taxes (including any applicable penalties and interest) resulting from such audit adjustments that were paid on such unitholders’ behalf. Our common unitholders are required to pay taxes on their share of our income even if they do not receive any cash distributions from us. Our common unitholders are required to pay any U.S. federal income taxes and, in some cases, state and local income taxes on their share of our taxable income whether or not they receive cash distributions from us. Our common unitholders may not receive cash distributions from us equal to their share of our taxable income or even equal to the actual tax liability that results from that income. Tax gain or loss on the disposition of our common units could be more or less than expected. If a unitholder sells common units, the unitholder will recognize a gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized and that unitholder’s tax basis in those common units. Because distributions in excess of a common unitholder’s allocable share of our net taxable income decrease such unitholder’s tax basis in its common units, the amount, if any, of such prior excess distributions with respect to the common units a unitholder sells will, in effect, become taxable income to a unitholder if it sells such units at a price greater than its tax basis in those units, even if the price such unitholder receives is less than its original cost. In addition, because the amount realized includes a unitholder’s share of our nonrecourse liabilities, if a unitholder sells its common units, the unitholder may incur a tax liability in excess of the amount of cash received from the sale. A substantial portion of the amount realized from a unitholder’s sale of our common units, whether or not representing gain, may be taxed as ordinary income to such unitholder due to potential recapture items, including depreciation recapture. Thus, a common unitholder may recognize both ordinary income and capital loss from the sale of units if the amount realized on a sale of such units is less than such unitholder’s adjusted basis in the common units. Net capital loss may only offset capital gains and, in the case of individuals, up to $3,000 of ordinary income per year. In the taxable period in which a unitholder sells its common units, such unitholder may recognize ordinary income from our allocations of income and gain to such unitholder prior to the sale and from recapture items that generally cannot be offset by any capital loss recognized upon the sale of units. Common unitholders may be subject to limitation on their ability to deduct interest expense incurred by us. In general, we are entitled to a deduction for interest paid or accrued on indebtedness properly allocable to our trade or business during our taxable year. However, our deduction for “business interest” is limited to the sum of our business interest income and 30% of our “adjusted taxable income.” For the purposes of this limitation, our adjusted taxable income is computed without regard to any business interest expense or business interest income. 53 Table of Contents If our “business interest” is subject to limitation under these rules, our unitholders will be limited in their ability to deduct their share of any interest expense that has been allocated to them. As a result, common unitholders may be subject to limitation on their ability to deduct interest expense incurred by us which could negatively impact the value of an investment in our common units. You are urged to consult with your own tax advisor with respect to this potential limitation on the deductibility of interest expense and its impact on your investment in our common units. Tax-exempt entities face unique tax issues from owning our common units that may result in adverse tax consequences to them . Investment in our common units by tax-exempt entities, such as employee benefit plans and individual retirement accounts (known as IRAs) raises issues unique to them. For example, virtually all of our income allocated to organizations that are exempt from U.S. federal income tax, including IRAs and other retirement plans, will be unrelated business taxable income and will be taxable to them. Additionally, all or part of any gain recognized by such tax-exempt organization upon a sale or other disposition of our units may be unrelated business taxable income and may be taxable to them. Tax-exempt entities should consult a tax advisor before investing in our common units. Non-U.S. Unitholders will be subject to U.S. taxes and withholding with respect to their income and gain from owning our units. Non-U.S. unitholders are generally taxed and subject to income tax filing requirements by the United States on income effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business. Income allocated to our common unitholders and any gain from the sale of our units will generally be considered to be “effectively connected” with a U.S. trade or business. As a result, distributions to a non-U.S. common unitholder will be subject to withholding at the highest applicable effective tax rate and a non-U.S. unitholder who sells or otherwise disposes of a unit will also be subject to U.S. federal income tax on the gain realized from the sale or disposition of that unit. In addition to the withholding tax imposed on distributions of effectively connected income, distributions to a non-U.S. unitholder will also be subject to a 10% withholding tax on the amount of any distribution in excess of our cumulative net income. As we do not compute our cumulative net income for such purposes due to the complexity of the calculation and lack of clarity in how it would apply to us, we intend to treat all of our distributions as being in excess of our cumulative net income for such purposes and subject to such 10% withholding tax. Accordingly, distributions to a non-U.S. unitholder will be subject to a combined withholding tax rate equal to the sum of the highest applicable effective tax rate and 10%. Moreover, the transferee of an interest in a partnership that is engaged in a U.S. trade or business is generally required to withhold 10% of the “amount realized” by the transferor unless the transferor certifies that it is not a foreign person. While the determination of a partner’s “amount realized” generally includes any decrease of a partner’s share of the partnership’s liabilities, the Treasury regulations provide that the “amount realized” on a transfer of an interest in a publicly traded partnership, such as our units, will generally be the amount of gross proceeds paid to the broker effecting the applicable transfer on behalf of the transferor, and thus will be determined without regard to any decrease in that partner’s share of a publicly traded partnership’s liabilities. For a transfer of interests in a publicly traded partnership that is effected through a broker, the obligation to withhold is imposed on the transferor’s broker. Current and prospective non-U.S. unitholders should consult their tax advisors regarding the impact of these rules on an investment in our units. We treat each purchaser of our common units as having the same tax benefits without regard to the common units actually purchased. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could adversely affect the value of our common units. Because we cannot match transferors and transferees of common units, we have adopted certain methods for allocating depreciation and amortization deductions that may not conform to all aspects of existing Treasury Regulations. A successful IRS challenge to the use of these methods could adversely affect the amount of tax benefits available to our unitholders. It also could affect the timing of these tax benefits or the amount of gain from any sale of common units and could have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audit adjustments to a unitholder’s tax returns. 54 Table of Contents We generally prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our common units each month based upon the ownership of our common units on the first day of each month, instead of on the basis of the date a particular common unit is transferred. The IRS may challenge this treatment, which could change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. We generally prorate our items of income, gain, loss and deduction between transferors and transferees of our common units each month based upon the ownership of our common units on the first day of each month (the “Allocation Date”), instead of on the basis of the date a particular common unit is transferred. Similarly, we generally allocate (i) certain deductions for depreciation of capital additions, (ii) gain or loss realized on a sale or other disposition of our assets, and (iii) in the discretion of the general partner, any other extraordinary item of income, gain, loss or deduction based upon ownership on the Allocation Date. Treasury Regulations allow a similar monthly simplifying convention, but such regulations do not specifically authorize all aspects of our proration method. If the IRS were to challenge our proration method, we may be required to change the allocation of items of income, gain, loss and deduction among our unitholders. A unitholder whose units are the subject of a securities loan (e.g., a loan to a “short seller” to cover a short sale of units) may be considered to have disposed of those units. If so, such unitholder would no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan and may recognize gain or loss from the disposition. Because there are no specific rules governing the U.S. federal income tax consequences of loaning a partnership interest, a unitholder whose units are the subject of a securities loan may be considered to have disposed of the loaned units. In that case, the unitholder may no longer be treated for tax purposes as a partner with respect to those units during the period of the loan to the short seller and the unitholder may recognize gain or loss from such disposition. Moreover, during the period of the loan, any of our income, gain, loss or deduction with respect to those units may not be reportable by the unitholder and any cash distributions received by the unitholder as to those units could be fully taxable as ordinary income. Unitholders desiring to assure their status as partners and avoid the risk of gain recognition from a securities loan are urged to consult a tax advisor to determine whether it is advisable to modify any applicable brokerage account agreements to prohibit their brokers from borrowing their units. We have adopted certain valuation methodologies in determining a unitholder’s allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction. The IRS may challenge these methodologies or the resulting allocations, which could adversely affect the value of our common units. In determining the items of income, gain, loss and deduction allocable to our unitholders, we must routinely determine the fair market value of our assets. Although we may, from time to time, consult with professional appraisers regarding valuation matters, we make many fair market value estimates using a methodology based on the market value of our common units as a means to measure the fair market value of our assets. The IRS may challenge these valuation methods and the resulting allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction. A successful IRS challenge to these methods or allocations could adversely affect the timing or amount of taxable income or loss being allocated to our unitholders. It also could affect the amount of gain recognized from the sale of our common units, have a negative impact on the value of our common units or result in audit adjustments to our unitholders’ tax returns without the benefit of additional deductions. Unitholders may be subject to state and local taxes and return filing requirements in jurisdictions where they do not live as a result of investing in our units. In addition to U.S. federal income taxes, our unitholders may be subject to other taxes, including foreign, state and local taxes, unincorporated business taxes and estate, inheritance or intangible taxes that are imposed by the various jurisdictions in which we conduct business or own property now or in the future, even if they do not live in any of those jurisdictions. Our unitholders will likely be required to file foreign, state and local income tax returns and pay state and local income taxes in some or all of these various jurisdictions. Further, our unitholders may be subject to penalties for failure to comply with those requirements. 55 Table of Contents We own assets and conduct business in several states, some of which impose a personal income tax on individuals, corporations and other entities. As we make acquisitions or expand our businesses, we may own assets or conduct business in additional states that impose a personal income tax. It is our unitholders’ responsibility to file all U.S. federal, state, municipal and non-U.S. tax returns and pay any taxes due in these jurisdictions. Unitholders should consult with their own tax advisors regarding the filing of such tax returns, the payment of such taxes, and the deductibility of any taxes paid. The treatment of income attributable to distributions on our preferred units as guaranteed payments for the use of capital creates a different tax treatment for the holders of our preferred units than the holders of our common units and such income is not eligible for the 20% deduction for qualified business income. The tax treatment of distributions on our preferred units is uncertain. We will treat each of the holders of our preferred units as partners for tax purposes and will treat income attributable to distributions on our preferred units as a guaranteed payment for the use of capital that will generally be taxable to each of the holders of our preferred units as ordinary income. Holders of our preferred units will recognize taxable income from the accrual of such income (even in the absence of a contemporaneous cash distribution). Otherwise, except in the case of our liquidation, the holders of our preferred units are generally not anticipated to share in our items of income, gain, loss or deduction, nor will we allocate any share of our nonrecourse liabilities to the holders of our preferred units. If distributions on our preferred units were treated as payments on indebtedness for tax purposes, rather than as guaranteed payments for the use of capital, the distributions likely would be treated as payments of interest by us to each of the holders of our preferred units. Although we expect that much of the income we earn is generally eligible for the 20% deduction for qualified publicly-traded partnership income, the Treasury Regulations provide that income attributable to a guaranteed payment for the use of capital is not eligible for the 20% deduction for qualified business income. As a result, income attributable to a guaranteed payment for use of capital recognized by holders of our preferred units is not eligible for the 20% deduction for qualified business income. A holder of our preferred units will be required to recognize gain or loss on a sale of preferred units equal to the difference between the amount realized by such holder and such holder’s tax basis in the preferred units sold. The amount realized generally will equal the sum of the cash and the fair market value of other property such holder receives in exchange for such preferred units. Subject to general rules requiring a blended basis among multiple partnership interests, the tax basis of a preferred unit will generally equal the sum of the cash and the fair market value of other property paid by the holder of such preferred unit to acquire such preferred unit. Gain or loss recognized by a holder of preferred units on the sale or exchange of a preferred unit held for more than one year generally will be taxable as long-term capital gain or loss. Because holders of our preferred units will generally not be allocated a share of our items of depreciation, depletion or amortization, it is not anticipated that such holders will be required to recharacterize any portion of their gain as ordinary income as a result of the recapture rules. Investment in our preferred units by tax-exempt investors, such as employee benefit plans and individual retirement accounts, and non-United States persons raises issues unique to them. The treatment of guaranteed payments for the use of capital to tax-exempt investors is not certain and the income resulting from such payments may be treated as unrelated business taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Distributions to non-United States holders of our preferred units will be subject to withholding taxes. If the amount of withholding exceeds the amount of U.S. federal income tax actually due, non-United States holders of our preferred units may be required to file U.S. federal income tax returns in order to seek a refund of such excess. All holders of our preferred units are urged to consult a tax advisor with respect to the consequences of owning our preferred units. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments . None. 56 Table of Contents Item 1C. Cybersecurity. Risk Management and Strategy ​ Data and the systems through which we manage data are vital to our business. In the ordinary course of our business, we handle our business information as well as information about our customers, suppliers and business partners, including information related to potential new ventures and transactions, and personal information related to our employees, customers and business partners. Our business is dependent upon operational and information technology to process the data necessary to conduct our business. This breadth and complexity of the technology necessary for our business  continues to expand, increasing our reliance on third-party technology solutions, including cloud and artificial intelligence systems. To protect our data and systems against cybersecurity threats, our cybersecurity risk management program is designed to assess, identify, manage and mitigate cybersecurity threats that could adversely and materially affect our business. Our cybersecurity risk management program is aligned with our business strategy and integrated throughout our operations. Our cybersecurity risk management program is comprised of technical and administrative controls, processes, policies and procedures based on applicable laws and industry standards and guided by the National Institute of Standards and Technology (“NIST”) Cybersecurity Framework. As part of our cybersecurity risk management program, we undertake ongoing cybersecurity risk assessments to help us detect, evaluate and respond to cybersecurity threats, including regular testing by our internal cybersecurity operations team. Our vulnerability management program is designed to identify, assess, and remediate cybersecurity threats in our systems, such as through penetration testing. We have implemented measures designed to address the risks associated with the use of industrial control systems to help maintain the reliability and safety of our operations. Our information technology and operational technology disaster recovery program is designed to help maintain the continuity of critical business operations in the event of a disruptive cybersecurity incident through procedures for data recovery, system restoration, and business resumption. We engage third-party cybersecurity service providers to conduct cybersecurity audits, targeted attack testing, cybersecurity threat intelligence and cybersecurity incident response services. We also operate a threat hunting program to help us identify potential cybersecurity threats in our systems. We require all employees and certain contractors to participate in cybersecurity training designed to enhance their understanding of cybersecurity threats and their ability to identify and escalate potential incidents. Our internal data privacy and data security team has processes to evaluate new third party technology service providers and periodically reassess certain providers that have or will have access (directly or indirectly) to our data and/or systems.  These processes help us document and mitigate potential cybersecurity threats associated with our use of third-party technology service providers. Our cybersecurity risk management program includes an incident response (“IR”) plan that is designed to facilitate our response to cybersecurity incidents, including an escalation process for cybersecurity incidents that may have a moderate or higher business impact to notify our executive officers, other members of our senior management team and other internal stakeholders. Our IR plan provides our executive officers and other members of our senior management team  with the information needed to assess whether a cybersecurity incident materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition, and the need for public disclosure. We aim to test our IR plan at least annually to assess its operational effectiveness. We strive to conduct an annual “tabletop” exercise during which we simulate cybersecurity incidents to help us prepare for and respond to a cybersecurity incident and to identify areas for potential improvement. These exercises are conducted in close coordination with members of our internal cybersecurity risk management team, our retained cybersecurity incident response consultants, outside cybersecurity counsel and internal technical, operations and insurance risk management, internal audit and legal personnel, as well as certain executive officers and members of the senior management team. 57 Table of Contents Governance Our Board of Directors (the “Board”) oversees all cybersecurity risk management activities. The Board’s Audit Committee has  been delegated strategic oversight of the Cybersecurity Committee (described below). At least annually, the Chief Information Security Officer (“ CISO ”) , Chief Information Officer (“CIO”) and other members of our Cybersecurity Committee report to the Board on the state of our cybersecurity risk management program and current and emerging cybersecurity risks. Any cybersecurity incident deemed to have a moderate or higher business risk also is reported to the Board. We have a management-level Cybersecurity Committee that has primary responsibility for our overall cybersecurity risk management program. The Cybersecurity Committee oversees our internal cybersecurity personnel and retained external cybersecurity consultants and applicable third-party service providers. The Cybersecurity Committee includes our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Legal Officer (“CLO”), CIO, Chief People Officer, Director of Internal Audit, and Vice President of Data Insights. Our internal cybersecurity risk management team consists of our cybersecurity operations team, cybersecurity engineering team and data privacy and data security compliance team that reports to our CISO. This team is responsible for identifying and managing cybersecurity threats and assessing and managing material risks from cybersecurity threats. With more than two decades of cybersecurity and information security experience, our CISO leads our cybersecurity risk management team and holds several accredited certifications, including CISSP, CISA, CISM, and CRISC Leveraging their cybersecurity experience, knowledge of our company and leadership, our CISO plays an important role in both the strategic development and tactical execution of our cybersecurity risk management program , Our CISO regularly meets with the Cybersecurity Committee to provide updates on cybersecurity threats, risk management activities and other issues related to preventing, detecting and mitigating cybersecurity incidents. Our CISO and members of the internal cybersecurity risk management team also consult with internal and external cybersecurity and threat intelligence consultants and communicate with senior management about cybersecurity threats and resource needs for managing them. Our CISO reports to the CIO and regularly consults with our CLO and other members of the legal team, as well as outside cybersecurity counsel, for strategic and operational input on risk management and compliance with applicable cybersecurity laws and regulations. At least annually, the Cybersecurity Committee reports to the Board on the state of our cybersecurity risk management program and current and emerging cybersecurity risks. Impacts from Cybersecurity Threats As of the date of this report, we are not aware of any cybersecurity threats that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. We and our service providers have, however, experienced certain cybersecurity events that were assessed as not material, However, we acknowledge that cybersecurity threats are continually evolving, and the possibility of future cybersecurity incidents remains. Despite the implementation of our cybersecurity risk management program and governance structure, we cannot guarantee that a significant cyberattack or other cybersecurity event will not occur. A successful attack on our operational and information technology or other business systems could have significant consequences to the business. See “Part I, Item 1A,

