TICKER: GRDN
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain and the LTCFs we serve; • continuing government and private efforts to lower pharmaceutical costs, including by limiting pharmacy reimbursements; • changes in, and our ability to comply with, healthcare and other applicable laws, regulations or interpretations; • further consolidation of managed care organizations and other health plan payors and changes in the terms of our agreements with these parties; • our ability to retain members of our senior management team, our local pharmacy management teams and our pharmacy professionals; • our exposure to, and the results of, claims, legal proceedings and governmental inquiries; • our ability to maintain the security and integrity of our operating and information technology systems and infrastructure (e.g., against cyber-attacks); • product liability, product recall, personal injury or other health and safety issues related to the pharmaceuticals we dispense; ii Table of Contents • the impact of supply chain and other manufacturing disruptions or trade policies related to the pharmaceuticals we dispense; • the sufficiency of our sources of liquidity and financial resources to fund our future operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements, and our ability to raise additional capital, if needed; • the misuse or off-label use, or errors in the dispensing or administration, of the pharmaceuticals we dispense; • we are a “controlled company” within the meaning of the corporate governance standards of the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) and, as a result, we qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance standards and the Guardian Founders (as defined below) are able to exert significant control over us; and • the market price of shares of our Class A common stock has experienced, and may in the future experience, substantial volatility due to relatively lower trading volumes and a limited public float. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The results, events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially from those described in, or implied by, the forward-looking statements. Therefore, we caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements or information. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or to reflect new information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be required by law. iii Table of Contents PART I Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms “Guardian,” the “Company,” “we,” “us” and “our” when used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K mean (i) prior to the Corporate Reorganization (as defined below), Guardian Pharmacy, LLC, an Indiana limited liability company, together with its subsidiaries and (ii) following the Corporate Reorganization, Guardian Pharmacy Services, Inc., a Delaware corporation, together with its consolidated subsidiaries. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Corporate Reorganization and IPO” for further information regarding the Corporate Reorganization. References to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws refer to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws. Item 1. Business. Overview We are a leading, highly differentiated pharmacy services company that provides an extensive suite of technology-enabled services designed to help residents of LTCFs adhere to their appropriate drug regimen, which in turn helps reduce the cost of care and improve clinical outcomes. We emphasize high-touch, individualized clinical, drug dispensing and administration capabilities that are tailored to serve the needs of residents in historically lower acuity LTCFs, such as assisted living facilities (“ALFs”), and behavioral health facilities and group homes (collectively “BHFs”). More than two-thirds of our annual revenue for each of the past three years has been generated from residents of ALFs and BHFs, which are our target markets, while the remainder has been generated primarily from residents of skilled nursing facilities (“SNFs”). Additionally, our robust suite of capabilities enables us to serve residents in all types of LTCFs. We are a trusted partner to residents, LTCFs and health plan payors because we help reduce errors in drug administration, manage and ensure adherence to drug regimens, and lower overall healthcare costs. As of December 31, 2025, our 61 pharmacies, 54 of which are full-service, served approximately 205,000 residents in approximately 8,400 LTCFs across 38 states. Within the U.S. LTCF market, we believe the ALF and BHF sectors present the most attractive opportunity and have the highest growth potential for our business. Certain characteristics of ALFs and BHFs, which are not typical of SNFs, create additional challenges and complexities for pharmacy service providers that Guardian is well suited to address. First, residents at ALFs are typically on a variety of different pharmacy benefit plans, each with a distinct formulary and reimbursement process, covering their complex drug regimens. Second, ALFs often lack staff with formal clinical training and usually do not have an on-site medical director or full-time nurse. Because residents of ALFs rely on off-site physicians to oversee and monitor their health conditions, there is an increased need for coordination among ALF operators, each resident’s physicians and pharmacy service providers. Third, residents in these facilities have the right to choose their own pharmacy, which often leads to multiple pharmacy service providers serving a single ALF. These characteristics are also typical of most BHFs. We believe that we enjoy a strong competitive position as a large and purpose-built provider of pharmacy services to ALFs and BHFs. Guardian offers a variety of services that we believe address the challenges that ALFs and BHFs face, and differentiate us from our competitors, providing residents, LTCFs and health plan payors with a compelling value proposition. Our centralized corporate support capabilities empower our local pharmacy operators to offer an extensive suite of high-touch, individualized, consultative pharmacy services, using a portfolio of proprietary data analytics systems and technology designed to help ensure that the right dose of the right medication is provided to the right resident at the right time. Examples of our specialized services include: • Assisting residents in optimizing pharmacy benefit plan coverage of their medication by coordinating formulary interchanges with residents’ physicians; 1 Table of Contents • Proactively analyzing potential adverse drug interactions and managing potential risks in medication administration; • Providing robotic dispensing and customized compliance solutions, organized by resident and time of administration; • Integrating a resident’s drug regimen with the LTCF’s Electronic Medication Administration Records (“EMARs”) to help ensure adherence; • Providing training for LTCF caregivers to help them administer medications to residents more safely, efficiently and cost-effectively; • Partnering with LTCF operators to increase the number of residents using our services at each facility we serve, which we refer to as “resident adoption,” in order to streamline drug administration and minimize medication management risk; • Conducting mock audits of LTCFs to monitor compliance with drug administration and government regulation; and • Reviewing periodically the drug regimen for each resident by consulting pharmacists. We are a trusted partner to: • Residents . We help monitor resident drug regimens and coordinate with each resident’s prescribing physicians to confirm clinical appropriateness and to help maximize coverage under the resident’s pharmacy benefit plan. We also partner with each facility to achieve adherence to a resident’s drug regimen. We believe that these services help improve clinical outcomes and reduce hospitalizations and out-of-pocket costs for the resident. • LTCFs / Caregivers . We help caregivers deliver high quality resident care by streamlining the intricacies associated with drug administration and compliance with related regulatory requirements. We accomplish this through the information available from our technology-enabled, proprietary data warehouse, our compliance packaging of the prescriptions we fill and the clinical training we offer to caregivers. • Health Plan Payors . Our services help facilitate proper management of residents’ drug regimens and reduce errors in drug administration, which we believe ultimately results in better clinical outcomes and thereby lowers overall health care costs for health insurance payors. 2 Table of Contents Our Solution and Value Proposition We believe that we have purpose-built our capabilities and associated technology tools to address the growing challenges that are specific to our end markets. In addition to the services we provide to LTCFs generally, we provide ALFs and BHFs with tailored services that enhance their abilities as caregivers to their residents. We offer a suite of high-touch consultative pharmacy services, as illustrated in the following chart, using a portfolio of proprietary data analytics systems and technology, to assist our local pharmacies in optimally serving facilities and their residents. Through our extensive suite of pharmacy services and our service-focused approach, we believe that we offer a compelling value proposition to residents, LTCFs and their respective caregivers, particularly in ALFs and BHFs, and to health plan payors. 3 Table of Contents Our Workflow Lifecycle and Pharmacy Support Through our locally-based pharmacies, we utilize a complex, technology-enabled platform to manage the dispensing and administration of prescriptions to residents of LTCFs over the full prescription lifecycle in order to manage medication risk. We believe our business model and strategic approach are built upon several key strengths of Guardian, as further described below. We utilize a high-touch, resident-centric, superior customer service model to help drive drug regimen adherence and improved clinical outcomes, while managing overall costs. We work closely with the LTCFs we serve to deliver a pharmacy solution that strives to maximize resident drug adherence while minimizing the incidence of adverse drug events. We manage the adjudication process for every prescription, which we believe instills confidence on the part of both the residents and LTCFs we serve that adverse drug events will be minimized and proper insurance eligibility will be in place. We also assist residents in confirming appropriate pharmacy benefit plan coverage of their medication by coordinating formulary interchanges with residents’ physicians. To further enhance the quality of pharmacy administration, we customize technology and dispensing solutions to produce compliance packaging specific to each LTCF and each individual resident. In combination with the training we provide to caregivers, this dispensing solution is designed to help ensure that the right dose of the right medication is provided to the right resident at the right time. We also offer training and continuing education programs to LTCF staff for a fee to educate caregivers on the proper administration of drugs to residents in accordance with the resident’s drug regimen. Additionally, we conduct mock audits for LTCFs to assist in compliance with state and federal regulations and deliver other pharmacy consulting services, including resident drug therapy evaluations. 4 Table of Contents We service LTCFs typically within a radius of 200 miles or less of our pharmacy locations, depending on the metropolitan area. We typically deliver medications to these facilities at a minimum once each day. We provide 24-hour, seven-days a week, on-call pharmacist services for emergency dispensing, delivery, and/or consultation with the facility’s staff or the resident’s attending physician. We believe that our high-touch model contributes to fewer instances of adverse drug events, decreases in resident hospitalizations and increases in overall drug regimen adherence, which collectively keep residents healthier at a lower cost to their insurers. We use our technological tools to enhance our ability to serve LTCFs and drive operational efficiencies. The scale of our business has enabled us to make significant investments to equip our pharmacies with dynamic technologies designed to drive superior operational efficiencies in pharmacy workflow management. Key areas of investment include logistics management, revenue cycle management, automated robotic dispensing technology, compliance packaging, pharmacy workflow software, EMAR integration capabilities, cybersecurity infrastructure and disaster recovery business continuity. Automated Robotic Dispensing Technology We have invested significantly in advanced pharmacy automation technologies. The use of automation within our pharmacies leverages our size and distinguishes us from many of our competitors. It increases our dispensing accuracy and speed of pharmaceutical distribution, in addition to providing significant cost benefits. Specifically, we currently have over 100 automated dispensing machines deployed across our network. Automation reduces the need for human involvement and improves the efficiency of operations and increases accuracy with respect to drug dispensing. It also leverages artificial intelligence and barcode scanning software to detect the correct National Drug Code number (or NDC) and size, shape, and color of pills in order to help flag problems for our pharmacies. It also enables rapid scaling of volumes as new residents are added. Further, our barcoded delivery system facilitates compliance with pharmacy benefit plan requirements by creating an electronic record of delivery. Compliance Packaging We offer a compliance packaging service, through which we repackage and dispense prescription and non-prescription pharmaceuticals in accordance with physician orders and deliver the medications to LTCFs for administration to individual residents. This service organizes each resident’s medications into individual unit dose or multi-unit dose packaging in accordance with specific “Med Passes,” or drug distribution rounds that occur at LTCFs at specific times throughout the day. The packaging of drugs for each resident indicates specific drug administration instructions. LTCFs prefer the individual- or multi-unit dose delivery system over the bulk delivery system employed by retail pharmacies because it improves control over the storage and ordering of drugs and reduces errors in drug administration in healthcare facilities. Nurses or caregivers at LTCFs then distribute medications to residents in accordance with physician orders at each Med Pass. Pharmacy Workflow Software The pharmacy workflow software we use helps to manage and track drug dispensing via a structured and scalable workflow process, including the use of barcode technology. In addition, the software increases labor productivity and enables our local pharmacies to focus their time and resources on delivering care to residents, which improves overall resident safety. This system improves efficiencies in nursing time, reduces drug waste, and helps to improve resident outcomes, thereby lowering costs for pharmacy benefit plans. EMAR Integration Capabilities Our ability to interface with facilities’ EMARs makes documentation and drug administration more efficient. At the time of drug administration, the nurse or caregiver must scan the barcode associated with each 5 Table of Contents resident at the time of drug delivery, which creates a notation on the EMAR system. This helps us ensure the safe and effective delivery of medications to each resident at each Med Pass and helps LTCFs to manage their regulatory requirements. Cybersecurity, Infrastructure, Disaster Recovery and Business Continuity We employ multiple levels of protection to minimize the risks associated with cybersecurity, ransomware and data breaches, including firewalls, cloud-based backups, multifactor authentication, encryption software, intrusion testing and security information and event management (“SIEM”) networking monitoring to ensure the integrity of our data and systems. In addition, we maintain recovery and other business continuity procedures, including cloud-based backups, electrical generators, critical systems housed at hardened data centers and geographic redundancy, intended to minimize disruptions to our operations in the event of disaster or other interruptions to our information systems. We believe that our business model promoting local management autonomy, combined with our centralized corporate support, results in superior service to LTCFs and their residents. We believe that our pharmacy management model offers local and tailored support to LTCFs and their residents, and enables us to adapt our technology and dispensing capabilities to customer needs in each local market. We provide centralized corporate support to our local pharmacy operators, including data analytics, IT operations, financial oversight and analysis, capital management, leadership support and training, purchasing power, legal/regulatory support, and HR/recruiting assistance. We believe this approach allows us to benefit from local touch and customer-centric decision making thereby enhancing our ability to manage local, regional and national account relationships, improve resident adoption rates in individual facilities and improve drug regimen adherence and compliance. Specifically, at the pharmacy level, each pharmacy is run by a President, who directly oversees three directors: As we acquire or organically open new pharmacies, we offer the following support services and training to each of these directors and their local pharmacy management teams: • purchasing strategy and tools • health plan payor negotiations • revenue cycle management • business intelligence and analytics • human capital management • treasury, business services and financial accounting • business development 6 Table of Contents • operational and regulatory • sales and marketing • information technology We believe this local approach that capitalizes on our national scale distinguishes us from our competitors by eliminating a “one size fits all” approach that may create inefficiencies in a particular local market. Leveraging Our Data Warehouse to Deliver Insights Our business model is supported by our proprietary centralized data warehouse, which facilitates the delivery of our technology-enabled services to LTCFs and their residents. Our data warehouse collects and consolidates extensive data related to pharmacy operating systems, purchasing and inventory management, finance and business planning, pharmacy benefit plan reimbursement, sales and customer relationship management, human resources and payroll, and banking. Information is analyzed and interpreted on a daily or real-time basis and reports, dashboards and analytics are available to team members throughout Guardian. We use these analytics and associated metrics to proactively plan and manage our business. Specifically, our Guardian Compass platform offers insights to enhance efficiencies for our pharmacies, including proprietary real-time operational dashboards and metrics. Our suite of GuardianShield products offers customer and clinical services that benefit both the residents we serve and their caregivers . Guardian Compass Guardian Compass includes dashboards created using data from our data warehouse to help our local pharmacies plan, track and optimize their business operations. The data and metric-driven approach enhances our ability to make decisions regarding labor productivity, capacity planning, and sales forecasting. Guardian Compass also provides tools that improve our local pharmacies’ ability to purchase pharmaceuticals effectively. Detailed assessments regarding the aggregate cost of dispensing drugs and the cost per prescription further assist our pharmacies in improving operations. We track various individual pharmacy-based operating metrics including financial revenue per Rx, labor per Rx, resident count trends and adoption rate trends per facility among others. 7 Table of Contents GuardianShield Programs GuardianShield offers a suite of specialized services, enhanced by actionable analytics, that drive accuracy, efficiency, safety, and savings for LTCFs and create benefits for both residents and LTCF staff. It is comprised of ten programs, eight of which are currently in use, and two of which are in the development phase, all of which are made possible through the data warehouse. The eight active programs are: the Insurance Optimizer Program, the Antibiotic Stewardship  Program, the Psychotropic Medication Reduction Program, the Therapeutic Interchange Program, the Medication Spend Analyzer Program, the Adoption Rate Tracker Program, the Clinical Intervention Tracker Program and the Order Entry QA Analyzer. The two programs in development are: the Falls Risk Management Program and Disease State Management. The data analytics tools and customer service we are able to offer through GuardianShield have downstream benefits for LTCFs and pharmacy benefit plans that we believe are unmatched in the industry. The Insurance Optimizer Program provides information to help residents choose their pharmacy benefit plans, and helps get essential, non-covered medications covered on a pharmacy benefit plan’s formulary. This program also provides analytics reports to residents in the facilities we serve to quantify their savings. Such data helps with pharmacy adoption, which in turn eases the challenges associated with ALFs and BHFs having to coordinate with multiple pharmacies to supply drugs to residents. The Antibiotic Stewardship Program combines the extensive clinical experience of our consultant pharmacists with advanced reporting and data analytics to offer a robust antibiotic therapy management program. This helps prevent overuse of antibiotics and other medications, helping pharmacy benefit plans and the facilities we serve. The Psychotropic Medication Reduction Program capitalizes on our pharmacists’ clinical knowledge and our advanced data analytics capabilities to promote the appropriate use of psychotropic medications (including antipsychotics, anxiolytics, antidepressants, and hypnotics) for the benefit of residents we serve. In understanding the frequency with which such drugs are prescribed to each resident, we are able to help the facilities we serve comply with government regulations pertaining to psychotropic medications. The Therapeutic Interchange Program allows drug substitutions to therapeutically equivalent drugs to lower costs for SNFs. In addition to the savings generated, this program offers extensive reporting capabilities to track and highlight savings and missed opportunities. We also offer a Medication Spend Analyzer to break down the monthly drug spending for each of the LTCFs we work with. This assists LTCFs with crucial cost management functions and makes us a valued partner in the process of serving their residents. For the ALF communities we serve, we seek to maximize the number of residents in those communities who use us for their medication needs, and resident adoption rate is a key metric we use to gauge our effectiveness. Our Adoption Rate Tracker provides information to our pharmacies and ALF communities to help them understand the current opportunity and increase the number of residents we serve in those communities. Higher resident adoption rates mean higher organic growth for us and improved safety and efficiency for the communities and residents. As a LTCF pharmacy, we use our Clinical Intervention Program to take extra steps to process prescriptions. Whether it is a full medication reconciliation, duplicate therapy resolution, or clinical issue resolution we take measures to help improve resident outcomes and save money. This program has analytics reports to show the frequency of these interactions and thus demonstrate the value we bring our residents, communities, and third-party payors. Finally, we offer an Order Entry QA Analyzer, which is designed to utilize real-time rules- engine technology to examine prescriptions and detect omissions and/or errors before they become a customer service problem. This service adds substantial value for the LTCFs and pharmacy benefit plans we work with, and 8 Table of Contents ultimately, the residents we serve, as we help residents avoid adverse drug reactions and complications resulting from, and the additional costs associated with, the improper dosage or incorrect administration to residents. Below are select examples of the insights and analytics we are able to produce from our GuardianShield platform for the year ended December 31, 2025 on a Company-wide basis. Advances to GuardianShield We continuously strive to advance the capabilities of GuardianShield, and are actively developing new predictive tools to assist LTCFs and our pharmacies. Chief among these advancements are the Falls Risk Management Program and Disease State Management services. The Falls Risk Management Program is being designed to review each resident’s medications and demographic information to identify those residents with the highest risk of falling. The program will then pinpoint the highest probability causative factors related thereto, which will help enable those residents to receive the medications and/or treatment necessary to help minimize this risk. This program is designed to help optimize residents’ health while lowering health care costs for pharmacy benefit plans. The Disease State Management Program is being designed to use data to identify residents at LTCFs who are on sub-optimal medication regimens. These regimens will then be subject to a targeted review by our consultant pharmacists, who will work to optimize the drugs each resident takes. This program is expected to improve the overall health of the residents we serve and lower health care costs for the pharmacy benefit plans with whom we work. Our Market Opportunity We believe we have an attractive market opportunity for continued growth. Based on prescription volume information reported by NIC MAP Vision (“NIC MAP”) for ALFs and memory care facilities (“ALF/MC”) as of December 31, 2025, we believe we are the largest LTCF pharmacy in the United States in terms of market share serving ALF/MC, with an approximate 13.0% market share nationally. IBISWorld, an independent publisher of industry research reports, estimated that U.S. institutional pharmacy market revenues for 2025 would be approximately $24.3 billion. The U.S. institutional pharmacy market is comprised of pharmacies that provide a range of distribution and drug administration services to residents of nursing homes and other healthcare environments that do not have on-site pharmacies. The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”) mandates rules and service capabilities to qualify for participation as a Part D Network LTC Pharmacy (“Part D NLTCP”) provider, as differentiated from traditional Part D and commercial reimbursement. CMS designates an institutional level of care as a “distinct pharmacy setting” and requires payors to compensate designated long-term care pharmacies for the specific services they are required to provide to LTCF residents. In addition, CMS requires that payors maintain network adequacy to serve LTCF residents. This LTCF institutional pharmacy market is currently served by Guardian, two national pharmacy services providers historically focused on serving the needs of SNFs, several regional providers, and over 1,200 independent pharmacies. 9 Table of Contents We believe that in long-term care settings, proper coordination of drug administration is critical to managing the overall health and wellbeing of residents. Residents of LTCFs can be at high risk for adverse drug events given the complex mix of medications prescribed by the various physicians responsible for their care. Lapses in care or incorrect drug administration can result in serious adverse drug events, which can in turn result in hospitalization and have significant implications on both quality and duration of life, in addition to the overall cost of healthcare. In comparison to historically higher acuity settings such as SNFs, ALFs in particular face challenges in the pharmacy administration lifecycle. ALFs were initially conceived of as senior living facilities providing stimulation, hospitality and community for elderly individuals who no longer desired, or were capable of, independent living. However, over time, these facilities have expanded their services to increasingly address the health needs of an ever-growing number of older and higher acuity residents who need assistance with medical care and activities of daily living. With increasing levels of acuity, ALF residents today require greater assistance in maintaining their drug regimens, and consistency and accuracy in drug administration is now a key service that ALFs provide to their residents. There are several specific ongoing industry trends that we believe will continue to drive the increased need for ALFs, as well as BHFs, to act as caregivers, and in turn help drive demand for the associated and critical pharmacy services that we provide: Aging Demographics and Increases in the Number of Assisted Living Residents The aging of the U.S. population has been well documented, with Census projections for significant growth in the U.S. elderly population. Specifically, by 2050, the 65+ age group is projected to grow to 82 million people, which represents a greater than 47% increase over the same population group in 2022. The increase in the elderly population is expected to result in significant increases in move-ins to ALFs and, accordingly, drive increases in the number of prescriptions that are fulfilled by institutional pharmacies. Increasing Median Ages of ALF Residents, Requiring Greater Emphasis on Healthcare Delivery and Associated Coordination of Complex Drug Regimens Coupled with the significant increases in move-ins to ALFs generally are the increases in the number of more elderly and frail individuals that are moving into and residing in ALFs. Of the more than 1 million U.S. residents residing in ALFs, more than half are above 85 years old, with an additional 31% aged between 75 to 84. These increases in the age demographics of ALF residents have been driven by both later average initial admission age for residents and significant increases in overall life expectancy. As a result of these trends, the resident ALF population tends to have more complex medical needs than in previous generations. Chief among these needs is the coordination and effective management of pharmacy services that are fundamental to the effective treatment and overall cost management of medical care for these individuals. Increasingly Complex Medication Regimens In general, older residents face more critical health conditions, including chronic illness, increased disability and multiple medical diagnoses—for a longer period of time. As a result, there is growing demand for not only long-term care facilities, but also for caregivers who are able to help navigate the complex medication regimens of this elderly population. In turn, these caregivers require more sophisticated pharmacy capabilities and an extensive range of pharmacy workflow services to ensure proper medication adherence and delivery of care. Highly Fragile Population of Individuals with Behavioral Health Needs at BHFs Similarly, BHFs serve as caretakers for a highly fragile population of individuals with behavioral health needs. Oftentimes, these residents are suffering from intellectual and developmental disorders or mental health challenges such as schizophrenia, depression, and anxiety-related afflictions. Pharmaceutical drugs are often first 10 Table of Contents line therapies for these individuals, and the proper administration of and compliance with drug regimens is essential to maintaining their health. The overall mental fragility of BHF residents puts them at high risk for hospitalization or other acute episodes of care that present significant costs to health plan payors. Lapses in the proper administration of their drugs only add to this risk. Increases in ALF and BHF Desire to Contract with Value-Added Scaled Pharmacy Providers Though ALF and BHF residents are entitled to a choice in their pharmacy provider, ALF and BHF providers and especially large multi-facility LTCF operators have recognized the enhanced value in having scaled and integrated pharmacy networks service the needs of their caregivers and residents. Often, in the absence of a sophisticated provider, pharmaceuticals are simply delivered to residential settings without an associated suite of services to help ensure successful drug administration (e.g., resident compliance, documentation, data collection, ALF and BHF staff training, etc.). LTCFs and residents are seeking assistance to help monitor and ensure ongoing adherence with their increasingly complex medication regimens. Extension of Drug Coverage via Medicare Part D Helps Drive the Need for Pharmacy Services Companies Medicare Part D legislation has significantly changed the way in which prescription drugs are financed and reimbursed, thereby directly impacting the performance of pharmacies serving LTCFs. Part D created significant changes for assisted living residents who are dually eligible for both Medicare and Medicaid (“dual-eligibles”), given the new benefit shifting their drug coverage from Medicaid to Medicare and requiring enrollment in private health care plans. This expands the pharmaceutical drug coverage of these residents, which they would not have previously had or which Medicaid would have had to pay, and yields more favorable reimbursement rates for pharmacy services companies. Financial and Administrative Impact of Medicare Part D Medicare Part D has also resulted in the increased variation around formularies and drug management processes for residents and providers. The complex nature of the Medicare Part D program and the confusion residents have around coverage directly impacts the ability of ALFs and group homes to run operations. The numerous administrative burdens associated with the transition takes time away from resident care, poses regulatory threats to providers and makes it more difficult to ensure optimal drug therapy for residents. Of the more than 1 million residents residing in ALFs in the United States, we serve approximately 140,000, with the remainder of the residents we serve residing in other types of LTCFs. We believe that our existing market share, the size of our market opportunity, our strategic approach to high-touch, individualized services and favorable market dynamics provides us with a significant opportunity for future growth. While our national competitors have primarily focused on SNFs, we believe we enjoy a strong competitive position as a large and purpose-built provider of pharmacy services to ALFs and BHFs. The following chart outlines the key differences in the characteristics of ALFs, BHFs and SNFs and illustrates some of the challenges specific to these facilities. Key Characteristics of LTCFs ALFs and BHFs SNFs Resident Ability to Choose Pharmacy Provider Each ALF resident has the right to choose his or her own pharmacy benefit plan and provider Most SNFs encourage their residents to select the SNF’s contracted pharmacy provider 11 Table of Contents ALFs and BHFs SNFs Level of Staff Experience Typically, minimal clinical training for caregivers / staff members Experienced staff members, including an on-site medical director and a registered nurse (RN), as well as a licensed practical nurse (LPN) or certified nursing assistant (CNA) required to administer medications Access to a Medical Provider Most ALF residents maintain their physician relationships, with office visits Each SNF contracts with a medical director that is regularly on site Our Growth Strategy Our core growth strategy is focused on increasing the number of residents we serve. Historically, this has been driven by both organic growth and acquired growth. Organic growth represents the increase in the number of residents served at existing locations, start-up greenfield locations and acquired locations subsequent to the acquisition date. The four key pillars that we expect to continue to drive our growth are additions of new residents, increased adoption in current facilities, expansion through greenfield start-ups (each of which are organic drivers), and forging new partnerships in additional territories through acquisitions. Increase number of ALF accounts we serve. Our sales teams actively engage in marketing efforts to build relationships with local, regional and national ALFs and BHFs. Our local ALF target customers typically operate a single ALF or a small number of ALFs but are generally characterized by their focus on a specific local area. Conversely, large multi-location ALFs operate with a regional or national footprint. We currently serve facilities operated by Brookdale Senior Living, Life Care Services, Sunrise Senior Living and numerous other regional and national providers. We believe that our customer-oriented business model, which is able to serve large numbers of residents across geographic regions, 12 Table of Contents provides a competitive advantage as we continue to develop and expand relationships with ALF operators. In particular, we believe there are significant opportunities to expand our business serving local, regional and national ALF accounts. As we continue to build out our national footprint, we believe we are an increasingly attractive provider to ALF operators that value our services and approach, but prefer a vendor with a broad geographic reach. Increase resident adoption of our services in ALF accounts. We measure, analyze and track resident adoption rates at each ALF we serve. Each of our pharmacies has a dedicated management team focused on increasing our resident adoption through targeted marketing efforts, leveraging internally generated data, and demonstrating our value proposition to ALFs, residents and caregivers. Through our direct marketing efforts to ALFs and residents, we have achieved a resident adoption rate of 89% at ALFs we serve as of December 31, 2025. We believe our success in increasing resident adoption is one of our key strengths. Ongoing geographic expansion. For both our acquisition program and our greenfield initiatives, we focus on expanding our market share and increasing profitability through strategic evaluation and implementation of opportunities to acquire and build out new pharmacies in existing and underserved markets. Our geographic expansion to date has relied on a two-pronged business development strategy comprised of (1) finding qualified local pharmacy operators to partner with and (2) growing with our existing pharmacy operators into new markets. Once we have identified a new partner, we seek to either acquire their pharmacy or develop a startup pharmacy with them. In addition, we seek to grow into new markets with our existing pharmacy partners through acquisitions or startups. Additionally, we have a robust M&A function with a demonstrated track record of both successful identification of integration of superior qualified pharmacies that are compatible with our platform. Specifically, we seek to partner with pharmacies that are customer-focused, are located in attractive markets (including those close to our large, multi-location ALF accounts) and are led by skilled clinical operators with a growth mindset. Following acquisition, we embark on a standardized multi-year integration process that begins with centralizing pharmacy operations and ultimately transforms core functions and sets the foundation for superior growth and profitability. 13 Table of Contents Upon acquisition, we are typically able to significantly enhance the profitability and margin of the acquired pharmacy by implementing our IT services and leveraging our purchasing, revenue cycle management and national sales capabilities. These synergies are often substantially realized over a 48-month period from acquisition and represent a substantial opportunity for us and our acquired pharmacy partners. In the future, we anticipate that we will structure our acquisitions and greenfield start-ups in a manner similar to our business development strategy prior to our IPO. Prior owners of the pharmacies we acquire and the local pharmacy operators we partner with to open greenfield start-up pharmacies will hold minority equity interests in these businesses. A portion of the consideration in an acquisition of an existing pharmacy may be paid in shares of our Class B common stock. Further, employees of the pharmacies may be issued incentive equity interests in that pharmacy. After a period of time sufficient to allow the subsidiary pharmacy to adopt our operating practices and integrate within our business, we would expect to purchase those minority equity interests. Upon such purchases, these pharmacies would become our wholly-owned subsidiaries. In each case, the purchase price for the buyout would be formula-based and we expect that such buyout would be within three to five years after the initial acquisition or greenfield start-up. We also expect that a portion of the consideration for such purchases would be paid in shares of our Class B common stock. We believe our business development model provides us with a material advantage in attracting and completing acquisitions, particularly when pharmacy owners have multiple competitive sale alternatives. Our post-closing minority ownership structure and the autonomy that comes with our local management model promote continued seller participation in the growth of the business in a meaningful way. We believe the same holds true in our greenfield start-up pharmacy initiatives. The structure incentivizes our new pharmacy operators, and the subsidiary pharmacy’s employees to whom subsidiary equity is issued, to promote the subsidiary’s growth and adoption of our proven operating strategies as we complete full integration and ownership of the pharmacy. By empowering local management, we believe this structure also fosters entrepreneurial practices consistent with those that have contributed to our successful organic growth. Our Experienced Management Team We have an exceptional leadership team, both at the corporate and local levels, with a proven history of industry leadership and operational excellence. • Highly experienced and entrepreneurial executive leadership. We are led by highly experienced and entrepreneurial executive officers, each of whom has more than 30 years of experience founding and leading successful companies in the pharmacy industry. Prior to our inception, Fred Burke, our President and Chief Executive Officer, David Morris, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and Kendall Forbes, our Executive Vice President of Sales & Operations, began working together in 1993 on a previous pharmacy venture that was acquired by Bindley Western in 1999. • Experienced local pharmacy leadership teams. We have strong management teams in place at the local level, with the majority of local pharmacy presidents having been in their positions for over a decade. The importance and strength of our local leadership was highlighted during the COVID-19 pandemic as local management teams were empowered to make decisions in real-time that were specific to the evolving pandemic-driven conditions and regulations in their markets, in order to maintain our high service levels for our customers and residents. • Strong corporate support group. We are supported by a team of more than 120 corporate employees who collectively bring deep experience in relevant areas such as technology, pharmacy operations, supply chain, data analytics, legal, regulatory/compliance, revenue cycle management and network contracting, purchasing, sales and marketing, real estate, human resources, leadership development and finance. • Support from a sophisticated group of investors. We have been supported by Bindley Capital Partners, LLC, a private investment firm led by William Bindley, who serves as our Chairman of the Board and has provided significant strategic leadership. Mr. Bindley, a pioneer in the healthcare services industry, 14 Table of Contents was the founder, chairman and chief executive officer of Bindley Western, a pharmaceutical distribution and services company acquired by Cardinal Health, Inc. for $2.1 billion in 2001. He also served as an executive and the chairman of Priority Healthcare Corporation, a specialty pharmacy services company that was spun-off from Bindley Western in 1998 and acquired by Express Scripts, Inc. for $1.3 billion in 2005. In addition, Cardinal Equity Partners, along with Fred Burke, David Morris and Kendall Forbes, have made significant capital investments in Guardian. Collectively, this group of investors has extensive experience and expertise in the healthcare services industry. Servicing New Areas of Care We believe our investments in human capital, technology, and services capabilities position us to continue to pursue rapid innovation and potentially expand our business as a health care service provider in the post-acute care sector. While to date we have primarily focused on serving the LTCF markets, we recognize the continued evolution of healthcare delivery in which alternate sites of care are increasingly relevant. For example, we believe that our core capabilities and value proposition is applicable to the large and expanding IDD, hospice and PACE end markets. We have test initiatives ongoing in these adjacent markets. Such initiatives are in the nascent stages and have generated only immaterial revenues to date. Customers Our customers are LTCFs and their residents. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we provided pharmacy services to approximately 205,000 residents in approximately 8,400 LTCFs across 38 states. We have established relationships with both local and large multi-facility LTCF operators, and we are generally the primary source of pharmaceuticals for the residents of the facilities we serve. Our customers depend on pharmacies like ours to provide the necessary pharmacy products and services and to play an integral role in monitoring resident medication regimens and safety. We dispense pharmaceuticals in resident-specific packaging in accordance with physician instructions. No single customer comprised more than 10% of our consolidated revenues in the last five fiscal years. Customer Relationships Our relationships with SNFs are memorialized in written agreements between Guardian and the owner of the respective facility. These contracts generally range from one to three years in duration and typically renew automatically for subsequent renewal terms. The SNF contracts can be terminated by either party generally upon 60 days’ notice. Similarly, our relationships with ALFs and BHFs are generally memorialized in written agreements between Guardian and the owner of the respective community that designate Guardian as the “preferred provider” of that community owner. Unlike a SNF contract where virtually all of the residents in the skilled facility would be served by us, the ALF and BHF contract does not automatically grant us the right to serve those residents. Instead, our sales team must still market our pharmacy services to the individual residents in that community, each of whom has the right of choice to their pharmacy provider. These contracts generally range from one to three years in duration and typically renew automatically for subsequent renewal terms. These contracts can be terminated by either party generally upon 30 days’ notice. Most LTCF contracts specify certain facility-wide services that we may provide for a fee, including EMAR support, consulting services and training. These contracts all generally have similar provisions surrounding compliance with Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) obligations upon termination, limitation of liability and other standard contractual terms. Payor Mix and Reimbursement We derive revenues from multiple government and commercial payor sources, which we believe have a generally stable reimbursement profile. In particular, for the year ended December 31, 2025, approximately 71% of our revenue was derived from Medicare Part D. CMS mandates 10 rules and service capabilities to qualify for 15 Table of Contents participation as a Part D NLTCP provider, as differentiated from traditional Part D and commercial reimbursement. These required capabilities involve extended drug control and distribution systems that include items such short-cycle dispensing, compliance packaging, 24/7 support and delivery, medication regimen review, maintaining a comprehensive inventory of Part D drugs, maintaining emergency kits and retrospective billing for patient copays and coverage gaps, known as the “donut hole.” CMS designates an institutional level of care as a “distinct pharmacy setting” and requires payors to compensate designated long-term care pharmacies for the specific services they are required to provide LTCF residents. In addition, CMS requires that payors maintain network adequacy to serve LTCF residents. We believe Medicare Part D payors recognize the value that LTCF pharmacies like Guardian provide, including helping to ensure that residents adhere to the right drug regimens, which helps improve clinical outcomes and reduce the overall cost of care. We believe that, consequently, Medicare Part D plans generally offer more favorable and stable contract terms for LTCF pharmacies relative to commercial plans that are offered to retail pharmacies. Set forth below are our revenues by payor for the year ended December 31, 2025. Suppliers, Inventory, and Supplier and Manufacturer Rebates We believe our purchasing scale creates a cost advantage over smaller competitors within our industry. Historically, we have purchased most of the brand name and generic pharmaceuticals we dispense from wholesale distributors with whom we have prime vendor agreements at discounted prices based on contracts negotiated by us directly; and in some cases, based upon prices accessed through group purchasing organization contracts. Our primary wholesale distributor relationships currently include Cardinal Health, Inc., McKesson Corporation, Smith Drug Company, and Morris and Dickson Co. L.L.C., in addition to various generic drug manufacturers. Additionally, we purchase some generic pharmaceuticals directly from their manufacturers. We seek to maintain an on-site inventory of pharmaceuticals and supplies at our local pharmacies to ensure prompt delivery to the facilities we serve. 16 Table of Contents Guardian receives a modest amount of rebates from pharmaceutical manufacturers and distributors of pharmaceutical products associated with dispensing their products. Rebates are designed to prefer, protect, or maintain a manufacturer’s products that are dispensed by the pharmacy under its formulary. Government Regulation Our pharmacies and the LTCFs we serve are subject to numerous federal, state and local regulations. These regulations encompass many areas, including licensing requirements, professional standards, quality control, drug dispensing, day-to-day operations and reimbursement, and in many cases apply differently depending on the type of LTCF in question. ALFs offer assisted living services for people who need help with daily care. These services may include access to prepared meals, assistance with personal care, drug administration and medication management, housekeeping, laundry, and social and recreational activities. SNFs, which are licensed healthcare residences for individuals who require a higher level of medical care than can be provided in an ALF, provide medical care—including drug administration and rehabilitation services such as physical, occupational, and speech therapy—through healthcare providers such as registered nurses, licensed practical nurses, and certified nurse’s assistants. Consequently, SNFs are heavily regulated by the federal government and by certain state governments. BHFs provide medical and personal care to residents with complex medical needs, including those with intellectual and developmental disabilities. We regularly monitor and assess the impact on our operations of new or proposed regulations and changes in the interpretation or application of existing regulations. As a pharmacy provider for LTCFs, we focus our attention on both regulations applicable to our pharmacy business as well as regulations that pertain to the institutions we serve. Regulations That Affect Guardian Directly Licensure Operating a pharmacy within a state requires licensure by the respective state’s board of pharmacy. As of December 31, 2025, we had pharmacy licenses for each pharmacy we operate, and to our knowledge, all issued licenses remain valid and in good standing. In addition, states regulate out-of-state pharmacies that fill prescriptions for in-state patients (including residents). Where applicable, our pharmacies hold the requisite licenses to deliver to out-of-state patients (including residents). Our pharmacies are also registered with the appropriate state and federal authorities, such as the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration (the “DEA”), pursuant to statutes governing the regulation of controlled substances. Federal and State Laws Affecting the Repackaging, Labeling and Interstate Shipping of Drugs In November 2013, the federal government enacted the Drug Quality and Security Act (“DQSA”), which, in pertinent part, was designed to facilitate drug tracing throughout the pharmaceutical supply chain. Specifically, Title II of the DQSA, the Drug Supply Chain Security Act (“DSCSA”) requires us and other supply chain stakeholders to participate in an electronic, secure interoperable system, that will identify and trace certain prescription drug products as they are distributed within the United States. The DSCSA established federal standards with which pharmacies must comply that require prescription drugs to be labeled and tracked at the package level. These standards preempt state and local requirements related to tracing drugs through the distribution system. Prior exemptions applicable to some product tracing requirements for large dispensers ended in 2025. Consequently, we are subject to the enhanced drug distribution security requirements of the DSCSA, such as: product tracing requirements for dispensers of prescription drugs, including receipt, storage, and provision of transaction information, history, and statement and verification processes; and obligations to implement systems to identify potential “suspect” or “illegitimate” products and to utilize secure, interoperable, electronic systems. In addition, under the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970, as a dispenser of controlled substances, we are subject to various requirements, including registration with the DEA, inventory and transaction reporting filing, and maintenance of adequate security measures. In addition, we are required to 17 Table of Contents comply with all the relevant requirements of the Controlled Substances Act for the transfer and shipment of pharmaceuticals. Supply chain laws and regulations such as the DQSA and DSCSA could increase the overall regulatory burden and costs associated with our dispensing business. Although we believe we are in compliance with applicable federal and state regulations currently in effect, these regulations may be interpreted, applied, or expanded in the future in a manner inconsistent with our business practices, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. The DEA, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the “FDA”), and various state regulatory authorities have broad enforcement powers, including the ability to seize or recall products and impose significant criminal, civil and administrative sanctions for violations of these laws and regulations. We have received all necessary regulatory approvals and believe that our pharmacy operations are in substantial compliance with applicable federal and state dispensing requirements. Any changes to the current regulatory and legal paradigm could increase the overall regulatory burden and costs associated with our business. CMS Regulations Affecting Guardian’s Provision of Pharmacy Services for Certain LTCF Customers We are subject to a CMS rule, entitled “Medicare and Medicaid Programs, Reform of Requirements for Long-Term Care Facilities,” as amended and modified from time to time, that, among other things, revised the requirements for LTCF participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. The rule imposes several requirements that are specific to our pharmacy services business within certain LTCFs (e.g., pharmacist review of medical records and reporting of irregularities) and also imposes certain requirements upon LTCFs themselves, which are more fully described in “Government Regulation—Regulations That Affect Our Customers” below. Laws Affecting Referrals and Business Practices We are subject to federal and state laws that govern financial and other arrangements between healthcare providers. These laws prohibit certain direct and indirect payments or fee-splitting arrangements between healthcare providers that are designed to induce or encourage the referral of patients (including residents) to, or the recommendation of, a particular product and/or service. For example, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute (“AKS”), set forth in 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7b(b), prohibits individuals or entities from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration “including any kickback, bribe or rebate” directly or indirectly in return for or to induce the referrals for the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of any item or service for which payment may be made in whole or in part under a Federal Health Care Program (as that term is defined in 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7b(f)), such as Medicare or Medicaid. Violation of the AKS may result in enforcement under the federal False Claims Act, civil monetary penalties and damages, imprisonment, and exclusion from federal health care programs. The Office of Inspector General (the “OIG”) has enacted safe harbor regulations that outline enumerated practices that, although they potentially may implicate the AKS, are not treated as offenses under the AKS. Failure to meet a safe harbor does not mean that the arrangement necessarily violates the AKS but may subject the arrangement to greater scrutiny by the government. In addition, the OIG issues a variety of guidance including Special Fraud Alerts, Special Advisory Bulletins, Advisory Opinions, and other compliance guidance documents to assist healthcare providers with complying with the AKS. This guidance does not have the force of law, but rather identifies specific facts of arrangements that may pose risk of potentially violating the AKS or other federal healthcare laws. While we believe our practices comply with the AKS, we cannot assure our practices, to the extent they are deemed outside of a safe harbor protection, will not be found to potentially violate the AKS. 18 Table of Contents Other federal laws and state equivalents authorize the imposition of penalties, including criminal and civil fines, damages, and exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other Federal Health Care Programs for false claims, improper billing and other offenses. These laws include but are not limited to the federal False Claims Act, set forth in 31 U.S.C. §§ 3729 et seq., under which a company or individual that knowingly presents false claims to the government may be subject to consequences, including damages three times the amount of any overpayment and penalties per false claim. Under the federal False Claims Act, private parties have the right to bring a qui tam , also known as a whistleblower complaint, against companies that submit or cause to be submitted false claims for payments to the government. From time to time we are subject to whistleblower complaints. Additionally, the Administrative False Claims Act (“AFCA”), which recently amended the Program Fraud Civil Remedies Act of 1986 (“PFCRA”), notably increased potential recovery for the government from $150,000 to $1 million, as adjusted, via an administrative process and can cover false statements even in the absence of a claim for payment. This may incentivize agencies to pursue and settle allegations of administrative false claims outside the federal judicial process. Changes to the False Claims Act, related court decisions, and federal enforcement priorities may make whistleblower or qui tam litigation and other False Claims Act enforcement more common. In 2025, the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services declared new priority enforcement areas relating to healthcare, and such enforcement priorities are subject to continuing evolution. In addition to federal law, many states have enacted and separately enforce statutes similar to the AKS and the False Claims Act with varied applicability and scope. Violations of these laws may result in fines, imprisonment, denial of payment for services and exclusion from the Medicare and Medicaid programs and other state-funded programs. Compliance with such statutes and regulatory regimes can be burdensome and failure to do so could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition. Laws Affecting Interactions with Patients / Beneficiaries Federal laws also impact how healthcare entities may interact with patients, including residents. The federal Civil Monetary Penalty Law (the “CMP Law”), as set forth in 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7a, prohibits, among other things, offering or providing remuneration to Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries that the person providing the remuneration knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiaries to order or receive healthcare items or services from a particular provider, practitioner, or supplier of healthcare items or services. Similar to the federal AKS, the OIG promulgates regulations that affect the scope of the CMP Law. Some of the amendments to the CMP Law may impact our business, such as allowing certain statutory exceptions to the definition of “remuneration” to exclude certain remuneration that poses a low risk of harm and promotes access to care for patients (including residents) and certain remuneration to financially needy individuals. In 2020, the OIG published a final rule, set forth in 85 Fed. Reg. 77,684, as amended and modified from time to time, that provides additional protections to inducements offered to patients for patient engagement and support arrangements to improve quality of care, health outcomes, and efficiency. Failure to comply with the CMP Law may result in significant monetary penalties and exclusion from federal healthcare programs. The CMP Law, as well as similar state laws, impact how we may interact with LTCFs and residents and thus the operation of our business. We must monitor carefully the services we provide to LTCFs and the consideration received for these services to avoid allegations that we are inappropriately encouraging referrals of or services to residents. Investigations and Audits In the ordinary course of business, we may from time to time be subject to inquiries, investigations and audits by federal and state agencies, as well as by pharmacy benefit managers (“PBMs”), that oversee applicable healthcare program participation, pharmacy operations and payment regulations. In this industry generally, 19 Table of Contents federal and state governmental agencies conduct survey, audit and enforcement efforts resulting in a significant number of inspections, citations for regulatory deficiencies and other administrative sanctions including demands for refund of overpayments, terminations from the Medicare and Medicaid programs, suspensions of Medicare and Medicaid payments, limitations on licensure, and monetary penalties or other types of fines, penalties and orders. If imposed, such sanctions could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and liquidity. We believe our contract arrangements with healthcare providers and our pharmaceutical suppliers, as well as our pharmacy practices and operations, are in substantial compliance with applicable federal and state laws. These laws may, however, be interpreted in the future in a manner inconsistent with our interpretation and application which could then expose us to sanctions, fines and penalties. Other State Laws Affecting Access to Services Certain states have a “freedom of choice” requirement as part of their state Medicaid programs or in separate legislation that enable a patient (or resident) to select his/her provider. These laws may prevent a LTCF from requiring its residents to purchase pharmacy services or supplies from particular providers that have a supplier relationship with the LTCF. Such “freedom of choice” requirements may increase the competition we face in providing services to LTCF residents. HIPAA Pursuant to HIPAA, the Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) adopted national standards for electronic healthcare transactions and code sets, unique health identifiers, and privacy and security of individually identifiable health information. HIPAA regulations require standard formatting for healthcare providers, like us, that submit claims electronically. The HIPAA privacy regulations apply to protected health information (“PHI”), which is individually identifiable health information that relates to an individual’s past, present or future physical or mental health, the provision of healthcare to an individual, or the past, present or future payment for the provision of healthcare to an individual. The Privacy Rule under HIPAA limits the use and disclosure of PHI, and HIPAA provides for the imposition of civil or criminal penalties if PHI is improperly used or disclosed. HIPAA’s Security Rule requires appropriate administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect the confidentiality, integrity, and security of electronic PHI (“e-PHI”). In practice, the Security Rule requires us to ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of all e-PHI we create, receive, maintain or transmit, including protecting against unauthorized use or disclosure of e-PHI. The Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (“HITECH”) was enacted as part of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 and changed several aspects of HIPAA including, without limitation, the following: (i) imposing certain liability on business associates of covered entities, for example, with respect to impermissible uses and disclosures of PHI and Security Rule obligations; (ii) requiring a data breach notification in the event of certain unauthorized uses or disclosures of unsecured PHI; (iii) allowing individuals to obtain their PHI in electronic format if the provider has implemented an electronic health record system; (iv) requiring HHS to conduct periodic audits of covered entities and business associates; and (v) strengthening enforcement activities and increasing penalties. In addition to HIPAA and HITECH, we may be subject to state privacy laws and other state privacy or health information requirements not preempted by HIPAA, including those which may furnish greater privacy protection for individuals than HIPAA. There is a significant trend amongst state governments to implement privacy statutes in addition to the requirements of HIPAA. 20 Table of Contents Our operations involve PHI, and the nature of our operations is complex. Although we believe that our contract arrangements with health plan payors and providers and our business practices are in compliance with applicable federal and state privacy and security laws, the requirements of these laws, including HIPAA, are complicated and are subject to interpretation and modification. Because our operations involve PHI, failure to comply with HIPAA, HITECH or state equivalent laws could subject us to loss of customers, breach notification requirements, denial of the right to conduct business, civil damages, fines, criminal penalties and other enforcement actions. Environmental, Health and Safety Matters Our facilities are subject to certain federal, state, and local environmental, health and safety statutes, regulations and ordinances and implementing guidance. As discussed under Investigations and Audits above, multiple governmental agencies have regulatory enforcement power over environmental, health and safety matters at our facilities, including inspection, auditing and administrative, and civil and criminal enforcement authority. While environmental laws govern water, air, waste and other media, regulations applicable to our facilities primarily concern management of waste materials (including waste product and equipment cleaning materials) and unused pharmaceuticals and other products generated or otherwise managed in the course of routine business operations. For example, in certain instances where we receive returned, unused medications, regulations require that we properly dispose of these materials when they become waste, which can trigger complex waste management requirements. In operating our facilities, historically we have not encountered any material difficulties effecting compliance with applicable environmental, health and safety laws. While we cannot predict the effect that any future legislation, regulations or interpretations may have upon our operations, we do not anticipate that any pending changes regarding environmental, health and safety laws would have a material adverse impact on us. Laws Affecting Product Prices In 2025, the federal government took a number of actions via executive authority that may affect supply chains and pharmaceutical prices. Throughout 2025, the federal government announced and implemented tariffs on foreign goods under several legal frameworks, including the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (the “IEEPA”). These tariffs have varied widely in scope, with some targeting specific goods or products and others applying broadly to imports from particular countries. In certain cases, the federal government has reached agreements with foreign governments to adjust or reduce the tariffs originally imposed, while in other cases, threatened tariffs have not manifested. Courts have found that the IEEPA does not authorize the President to impose tariffs, and the enforcement of other tariffs may prove inconsistent over time. It remains to be seen whether the federal government may impose further tariffs under other statutory regimes or legal theories. We are unable to predict the ultimate outcome or effectiveness of any current or future tariff policies. In 2025, via executive action, President Trump directed drug manufacturers to offer consumers the most-favored-nation lowest price. Pursuant to this order, the federal government has entered into agreements with several major pharmaceutical manufacturers and unveiled a new voluntary payment model relating to Medicaid. The federal government has neither proposed nor implemented permanent most-favored-nation pricing requirements or processes, but the continued uncertainty around the pricing of drugs and devices could continue to affect our business. Regulations to which Guardian is Subject from Health Plan Payors Medicare, as set forth in the Social Security Act Title XVIII, is a federal program that provides certain hospital and medical insurance benefits to persons age 65 and over and to certain disabled persons. Medicaid, as set forth in the Social Security Act Title XIX, is a medical assistance program administered by each state that provides healthcare benefits to certain indigent patients. Within the Medicare and Medicaid statutory framework, there are numerous areas subject to administrative rulings, interpretations, and discretion that may affect reimbursement under Medicare and Medicaid. 21 Table of Contents We receive reimbursement for the drugs we dispense and our related services from our customer institutional healthcare providers, government reimbursement programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and other non-government sources, such as commercial insurance companies, health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations, and contracted providers. Medicare The Medicare program consists of four parts: (i) Part A covers, among other things, in-patient hospital, SNFs, certain home healthcare services, and certain other types of healthcare services; (ii) Part B covers physicians’ services, outpatient services, durable medical equipment, and certain other types of items and healthcare services; (iii) Part C, also known as Medicare Advantage, provides a managed care option for beneficiaries enrolled in Parts A and B; and (iv) Part D provides coverage for prescription drugs that are not otherwise covered under Medicare Part A or Part B for those beneficiaries that enroll. Part A The Balanced Budget Act of 1997 mandated the Prospective Payment System (“PPS”) for Medicare-eligible enrolled residents in SNFs. Under PPS, Medicare pays SNFs a per diem rate per patient for extended care services to patients, covering substantially all items and services furnished during such enrollee’s stay, including routine, ancillary, and capital-related. Such services and items include certain pharmacy services and prescription drugs. In July 2018, CMS announced the Skilled Nursing Facility Prospective Payment System (“SNF PPS”) final rule, which became effective October 1, 2019. This rule finalized the implementation of the Patient Driven Payment Model (“PDPM”), a case-mix classification model for classifying SNF residents in a Medicare Part A covered stay into payment groups under the SNF PPS. The PDPM replaced the prior case-mix classification system, shifting the focus to value-based care and basing reimbursement on clinical complexity and the resident’s conditions and care needs. Specifically, to account more accurately for the variability in patient (or resident) costs over the course of a stay, under PDPM, a variable per diem adjustment factor is applied (for certain components), changing the rate over the course of the stay. In July 2025, CMS issued the Fiscal Year 2026 Skilled Nursing Facility Prospective Payment System Final Rule, which finalized, among other things, changes to the PDPM International Classification of Diseases 10th Revision (ICD-10) code mappings to facilitate more accurate, consistent, and appropriate primary diagnoses codes. This final rule also updated SNF payment policies (which is projected to result in an increase in Part A payments to SNFs in fiscal year 2026); modified CMS quality reporting data requirements relating to the social detriments of health category; and adopted several operational and administrative proposals for SNF Value Based Purchasing Programs. We continue to bill SNFs based upon a negotiated fee schedule and are paid based on contractual relationships with the SNFs. We do not receive direct payment from Medicare for residents covered under the Medicare Part A benefit. Part B Medicare Part B provides coverage for durable medical equipment prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (“DME” or “DMEPOS”), certain classes of prescription drugs, and certain preventive health services such as the influenza vaccine, among other things. Common examples of DME include nebulizers, infusion pumps, and diabetic test strips. Prescription drugs covered under Medicare Part B include immunosuppressive drugs, oral anti-emetic drugs, oral anti-cancer drugs, and drugs self-administered through any piece of DME (e.g., respiratory or inhalation drugs administered via nebulizer or drugs administered with a Medicare-covered infusion pump). 22 Table of Contents A DMEPOS supplier typically must obtain DMEPOS accreditation to enroll and bill directly under Medicare Part B. Guardian pharmacies supply DME products and thus are enrolled in Part B to do so. Some Guardian pharmacies are also accredited under Part B DMEPOS to dispense DME supplies. Additionally, all Guardian pharmacies are enrolled in Part B as a mass immunizer to administer and receive reimbursement for administering the influenza vaccine. Part D Medicare Part D provides coverage for most outpatient prescription drugs that are FDA-approved and for which coverage is not otherwise available under Medicare Part A or Part B. Under Medicare Part D, beneficiaries who have Medicare Part A or Medicare Part B may enroll in prescription drug plans offered by private commercial insurers who contract with CMS, including stand-alone prescription drug plans and Medicare Advantage plans with prescription drug coverage (collectively, “Part D Plans”). Medicare beneficiaries generally have to pay a premium to enroll in a Part D Plan and have to pay cost-sharing amounts, with amounts varying from one Part D Plan to another. CMS provides various federal subsidies to Part D Plans to reduce the cost to beneficiaries. Most Part D Plans have a list of covered drugs, called a formulary. Part D Plan formularies must include drug categories and classes that cover disease states consistent with Part D program requirements, and Part D Plans generally must cover at least two drugs per category with broader requirements for certain protected classes. CMS reviews the formularies of Part D Plans and requires these formularies to include the types of drugs most commonly used by Medicare beneficiaries, as well as those enrollees who reside in long-term care facilities. For example, it is CMS’s expectation that Part D Plans provide coverage of dosage forms of drugs that are widely utilized in the long-term care setting. Dually-eligible residents in nursing centers may be entitled to have their prescription drug costs covered by a Part D Plan, provided that the prescription drugs which they are taking are either on the Part D Plan’s formulary or an exception to the Part D Plan’s formulary is granted. We obtain reimbursement for drugs we provide to enrollees of the given Part D Plan in accordance with the terms of agreements negotiated between us and the Part D Plan. Medicare Part D does not alter federal reimbursement for residents of nursing centers whose stay at the nursing center is covered under Medicare Part A. Accordingly, Medicare’s per diem payments to nursing centers may include a portion attributable to the expected cost of drugs provided to such residents. We will, therefore, continue to receive reimbursement for drugs provided to such residents from the nursing center in accordance with the terms of our agreements with each nursing center. Medicare Part B and D Changes In August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act (“IRA”), which, among other provisions, introduced significant drug pricing reforms aimed to reduce federal government and beneficiary spending for Medicare Part B and Part D drugs. Key provisions in this legislation include limited authority for regulators to negotiate prices for certain Medicare drugs, caps on beneficiary cost share and maximum out-of-pocket spending, and rebates on manufacturers where drug prices exceed inflation. CMS released initial guidance related to the implementation of this program, and has since entered three rounds of the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. In 2026, the initial ten Part D drugs that were part of IRA negotiations will have the negotiated prices go into effect. Additional rounds of IRA-negotiated drug prices are set to be added in January 2027 and January 2028. In January 2026, CMS announced the next set of 15 drugs selected for price negotiations as part of the third cycle of the program. This set of drugs includes drugs covered under Medicare Part D, and for the first time, drugs covered under Medicare Part B. The prices negotiated for these drugs will take effect on January 1, 2028. In December 2023, CMS issued the “Medicare Part D Drug Inflation Rebates Paid by Manufacturers: Revised Guidance” revising initial guidance issued in February 2023, with respect to identification of Part D rebatable drugs and exclusions, calculation of the Part D inflation rebate amount, ensuring integrity of inflation 23 Table of Contents rebates, enforcement of rebate amount payments by manufacturers, and adding example formulas to illustrate how CMS will calculate Part D drug inflation rebate amounts. In November and December of 2024, CMS issued additional final rules relating to Part B and Part D. Under these final rules, CMS began invoicing drug companies in 2025 for Part B and Part D inflation rebates owed for applicable time periods and established a process to impose civil monetary penalties on manufacturers that fail to pay such rebates by applicable deadlines. Significant changes to Part D became effective in 2025. All Part D plans are now required to offer enrollees the option to pay out-of-pocket prescription drug costs in the form of capped monthly installment payments. In 2025, the Coverage Gap Discount Program was replaced by the Manufacturer Discount Program, which requires participating Part D manufacturers to provide discounts on applicable drugs in certain phases of the Part D benefits. In April 2025 and October 2025, CMS issued final rules relating to Part B and Part D. Under these rules, CMS made updates to inflation rebate processes, provided updated processes for the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program, and set requirements for network pharmacy agreements between Part D sponsors and contracting pharmacies. Under the April 2025 rule, the contracting pharmacies must be enrolled in the Medicare Transaction Facilitator Data Module. In July 2025, President Trump signed into law the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”). Among other things, the OBBBA carved out orphan drugs from the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. The OBBBA may have further significant effects on Medicare Parts B and D that we cannot foresee. Rebates Guardian receives a modest amount of rebates from pharmaceutical manufacturers and distributors of pharmaceutical products associated with dispensing their products. CMS appears to continue to question whether institutional pharmacies should be permitted to receive these access/performance rebates from manufacturers with respect to prescriptions covered under Medicare Part D, but has not prohibited the receipt of such rebates. Medicaid The reimbursement rate for pharmacy services under Medicaid is determined on a state-by-state basis subject to review by CMS and applicable federal law. Although Medicaid programs vary from state to state, most state Medicaid programs provide for the payment of certain pharmacy services, up to established limits, at rates determined in accordance with each state’s regulations. The federal Medicaid statute specifies a variety of requirements that a state plan must meet, including requirements related to eligibility, coverage for services, payment, and admissions. For residents that are eligible for Medicaid only, and are not dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid, we bill the individual state Medicaid program or, where applicable, the state’s designated managed care or other similar organizations for covered prescription drugs. Federal regulations and the regulations of certain states establish federal “upper limits” for reimbursement of certain prescription drugs under Medicaid (these upper limits being the “FUL”). The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the reconciliation law known as Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act (combined we refer to both Acts as the “Affordable Care Act”), enacted in March 2010, provided for the gradual modification to the calculation of the FUL for drug prices and the definition of Average Manufacturer’s Price (“AMP”). In 2016, the Affordable Care Act and CMS’s Covered Outpatient Drugs final rule, published at 81 Fed. Reg. 5,170, as amended and modified from time to time, changed the definition of the FUL by requiring certain calculations of the FUL considering the AMP. CMS updates the FULs on a monthly basis and the FULs become effective on the first date of the month following their publication. States have thirty (30) days after the effective date of the monthly updates to implement the new FULs. 24 Table of Contents In addition, the definition of AMP changed to reflect net sales only to drug wholesalers that distribute to retail community pharmacies and to retail community pharmacies that directly purchase from drug manufacturers. Further, the Affordable Care Act continued the previous statutory exclusion of prompt pay discounts offered to wholesalers and added three other exclusions to the AMP definition: (i) bona fide services fees; (ii) reimbursement for unsalable returned goods (recalled, expired, damaged, etc.); and (iii) payments from and rebates/discounts to certain entities not conducting business as a wholesaler or retail community pharmacy. The Covered Outpatient Drugs final rule also changed how states reimburse pharmacies. The final rule required states to pay pharmacies based on the actual acquisition cost of the drug, as opposed to the estimated acquisition cost. Moreover, it required states to consider the sufficiency of both the ingredient cost reimbursement and dispensing fee reimbursement when proposing changes to either of these components of reimbursement for Medicaid covered drugs. Over the last several years, state Medicaid programs have undertaken efforts to control prescription drug costs and have seemingly aimed to lower reimbursement through a variety of mechanisms. In July 2025, President Trump signed into law the OBBBA, imposing additional requirements for Medicaid eligibility and increasing cost-sharing requirements. The OBBBA may result in further efforts by state Medicaid programs to limit drug costs. Regulations That Affect Our Customers Specifically, most LTCFs are required to be licensed in the states in which they operate. In addition, for SNFs and other LTCFs serving Medicaid or Medicare residents, such facilities must be certified to be in compliance with applicable requirements for participation set forth in 42 C.F.R. Part 483 (subpart B). Certain customer LTCFs may also be subject to the Nursing Home Reform Act, part of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987, as amended, which imposes strict compliance standards relating to quality of care, including increased certification, documentation and reporting requirements, unannounced surveys and related enforcement processes, and residents’ bill of rights. In the final rule, set forth in 81 Fed. Reg. 68,688 and entitled “Medicare and Medicaid Programs, Reform of Requirements for Long-Term Care Facilities,” as amended and modified from time to time, referenced previously in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (see Government Regulation—Regulations That Affect Guardian Directly—CMS Regulations Affecting Guardian’s Provision of Pharmacy Services for Certain LTCF Customers) , LTCFs participating in the Medicare and Medicaid programs must develop and maintain policies and procedures, including to address the steps the pharmacist must take when the pharmacist identifies an irregularity that requires urgent action. Moreover, LTCFs must have an effective quality assurance and performance improvement program, person-centered care planning, an infection preventionist, a compliance and ethics program, a means to call for staff assistance from the bedside, and effective staff training, among other requirements. Finally, the final rule imposed additional safeguards on the inappropriate use of psychotropic drugs with the intent of reducing or eliminating such use in LTCFs. In May 2024, CMS published a final rule, set forth in 89 Fed. Reg. 40,876 entitled “Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Minimum Staffing Standards for Long-Term Care Facilities and Medicaid Institutional Payment Transparency Reporting” requiring certain minimum nurse staffing requirements. In a similar effort to elevate LTCF care standards, in November 2024, CMS issued the Revised Long-Term Care Surveyor Guidance implementing revisions aimed at enhancing quality and oversight of the LTCF survey process. This guidance included revisions relating to, without limitation, admission, transfer and discharge, quality assurance performance improvement, and infection prevention and control. In July 2025, the OBBBA imposed a moratorium on implementation of the minimum staffing requirements set forth in the May 2024 rule until 2034. In December 2025, CMS published an interim final report, set forth in 90 Fed. Reg. 55,687, entitled “Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Repeal of Minimum Staffing Standards for Long-Term Care Facilities” removing the minimum staffing requirements of the May 2024 rule. 25 Table of Contents Our LTCF customers may also be directly subject to many of the laws and regulations to which Guardian is subject, as described in detail earlier in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (see Government Regulation — Regulations That Affect Guardian Directly and Government Regulation—Regulations to which Guardian is Subject from Health Plan Payors ). For example, our LTCF customers may be subject to laws affecting referrals and business practices, such as the AKS, and laws affecting interactions with residents and beneficiaries, such as the CMP Law. Our LTCF customers may from time to time be subject to inquiries, investigations and audits by federal and state agencies that oversee applicable healthcare program participation and LTCF operations. LTCF customers may also have direct obligations under HIPAA. Finally, LTCF residents may be covered by (and LTCF customers may receive reimbursement for services provided to residents under) Medicare Part A, Part B and Part D Plans, Medicaid, commercial insurance, and other private health plan payors (including managed care). Human Capital Management Our success is directly linked to the commitment, engagement and performance of its employees. It is important that we not only attract and retain the best and brightest diverse talent, but also ensure they remain engaged and can thrive in an environment that is committed to helping them grow, succeed and contribute directly to achieving our purpose. We embrace equal opportunity in our workforce and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 3,600 persons, all of whom are located within the United States. Our workforce includes over 500 pharmacists and over 90 nurses, in addition to more than 120 employees who work in the Atlanta office to support our local pharmacies nationwide. We consider the intellectual capital of our employees to be an essential driver of our business and key to future prospects. To attract and retain a high-quality, experienced workforce, we offer a competitive mix of compensation and insurance benefits for our employees, as well as participation in equity programs for certain employees. We offer a wide range of health insurance benefits packages that are customizable to suit the individual needs of each member of our workforce, which is an important factor in our recruitment efforts. We are committed to helping our colleagues reach their full potential by rewarding both their performance and leadership skills and by providing opportunities for growth and development. Full-time employees are eligible to participate in our medical, dental, vision, Health Savings Account, Flexible Spending Account, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, life insurance and disability plans. We offer employees a 401(k)-retirement plan with a company match. Finally, certain employees also participate in an annual bonus plan. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We consider our employee relations to be good. Intellectual Property We use a number of trademarks and service marks. All of the principal trademarks and service marks used in the course of our business have been registered in the United States or are the subject of pending applications for registration. The Company’s registered trademarks are perpetual in duration. We have various proprietary products, processes and other intellectual property that are used either to facilitate the conduct of our business or that are made available as products or services to the facilities we work with. We generally seek to protect such intellectual property through a combination of trade secret and patent laws and through confidentiality and other contractually imposed protections. Although we believe that our products and processes do not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of any third parties, third parties may assert infringement claims against us from time to time. 26 Table of Contents Competition The business of providing pharmacy services to LTCF residents is highly competitive, and we face competition from multiple sources. There are national, regional and local institutional pharmacies, as well as and numerous local retail pharmacies, that provide pharmaceutical distribution services comparable to those that we offer. Many of these pharmacies have strong relationships with the LTCFs they serve and their residents. In addition, some of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do and may be more established in the markets they serve than we are, making our ability to compete more difficult. Some of our larger competitors have indicated that they plan to focus more on the ALF market, which could further increase the competition we face. While we do not believe any single competitor offers a comparably robust, integrated pharmacy services solution, our primary competitors in the ALF and BHF space are large national providers including Omnicare and PharMerica Corporation, in addition to local and regional pharmacies in each of our markets, including Remedi SeniorCare, PharmCareUSA and Polaris Pharmacy Services. We believe we are the market leader for providing pharmacy services to ALFs and BHFs. We believe we compete favorably in all areas, including SNFs, based on the following competitive factors: • the value and comprehensiveness of the pharmacy services solution we offer and the superior outcomes for residents and reduced health care costs for pharmacy benefit plans; • the strength of our business model, which focuses on local autonomy as opposed to a hub and spoke model; • the superiority of our data analytics capabilities; • the variety of clinical services we offer to improve the quality of care for residents at ALFs and BHFs; and • our significant investment in automation at each local pharmacy. Sales and Marketing We sell our services to LTCFs through each local pharmacy’s sales organization and, in many cases, we leverage our relationships with top national and regional LTCFs to establish relationships with residents. Our sales team has broad experience in the long-term care pharmacy services industry and with LTCF executives. The sales teams at each of our local pharmacies have their own structures that are tailored to their market and the LTCFs located therein and are responsible for identifying sales opportunities and managing the overall sales process. We generate leads, accelerate sales opportunities, and build brand awareness through our marketing programs. Our marketing programs target LTCF executives, caregivers and residents. Our principal marketing programs include learning opportunities for residents, field marketing events, integrated marketing campaigns, lead generation and participation in industry events, trade shows, and conferences. We also benefit from the expansion of our large, multi-location LTCF accounts, as well as from the strength of our brand in local and regional markets. Corporate and Available Information Guardian was incorporated on November 16, 2021. Guardian was formed for the purposes of completing our initial public offering (“IPO”) and related corporate reorganization transactions in order to carry on as a publicly-traded entity the business of Guardian Pharmacy, LLC, which was formed on July 21, 2003. We completed our IPO in September 2024 and our Class A common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “GRDN”. 27 Table of Contents Our principal offices are located at 300 Galleria Parkway SE, Suite 800, Atlanta, Georgia 30339. Our telephone number is (404) 810-0089. We maintain a website at www.guardianpharmacy.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act will be available free of charge on our website, under the “Investors—Financials—SEC Filings” caption, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. We also make available through the Investors section of our website other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC under the Exchange Act, including our proxy statements and reports filed by officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, as well as our Code of Business Conduct & Ethics for Executive Officers and Directors, Corporate Governance Guidelines and Board committee charters. The information on our website (or any webpages referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) is not part of this or any other report that we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website (www.sec.gov) where you can view annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding us and other public companies. 28 Table of Contents Item 1A.

--- VENDORS ---
vendors to assist with evaluating, monitoring, and testing our information technology systems. These relationships enable us to leverage specialized knowledge and insights, which help ensure our cybersecurity strategies and processes remain effective. Our collaboration with these third parties includes regular audits, routine system monitoring, threat assessments, incident response, and consultation on potential security enhancements. We require third-party service providers with access to personal, confidential, or proprietary information to implement and maintain comprehensive cybersecurity practices consistent with applicable legal standards and industry best practices. As of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are not aware of any cybersecurity incidents that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect the Company, including our business strategy, results of operations, or financial condition. For further discussion of the risks associated with cybersecurity incidents, see “

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
components), changing the rate over the course of the stay. In July 2025, CMS issued the Fiscal Year 2026 Skilled Nursing Facility Prospective Payment System Final Rule, which finalized, among other things, changes to the PDPM International Classification of Diseases 10th Revision (ICD-10) code mappings to facilitate more accurate, consistent, and appropriate primary diagnoses codes. This final rule also updated SNF payment policies (which is projected to result in an increase in Part A payments to SNFs in fiscal year 2026); modified CMS quality reporting data requirements relating to the social detriments of health category; and adopted several operational and administrative proposals for SNF Value Based Purchasing Programs. We continue to bill SNFs based upon a negotiated fee schedule and are paid based on contractual relationships with the SNFs. We do not receive direct payment from Medicare for residents covered under the Medicare Part A benefit. Part B Medicare Part B provides coverage for durable medical equipment prosthetics, orthotics, and supplies (“DME” or “DMEPOS”), certain classes of prescription drugs, and certain preventive health services such as the influenza vaccine, among other things. Common examples of DME include nebulizers, infusion pumps, and diabetic test strips. Prescription drugs covered under Medicare Part B include immunosuppressive drugs, oral anti-emetic drugs, oral anti-cancer drugs, and drugs self-administered through any piece of DME (e.g., respiratory or inhalation drugs administered via nebulizer or drugs administered with a Medicare-covered infusion pump). 22 Table of Contents A DMEPOS supplier typically must obtain DMEPOS accreditation to enroll and bill directly under Medicare Part B. Guardian pharmacies supply DME products and thus are enrolled in Part B to do so. Some Guardian pharmacies are also accredited under Part B DMEPOS to dispense DME supplies. Additionally, all Guardian pharmacies are enrolled in Part B as a mass immunizer to administer and receive reimbursement for administering the influenza vaccine. Part D Medicare Part D provides coverage for most outpatient prescription drugs that are FDA-approved and for which coverage is not otherwise available under Medicare Part A or Part B. Under Medicare Part D, beneficiaries who have Medicare Part A or Medicare Part B may enroll in prescription drug plans offered by private commercial insurers who contract with CMS, including stand-alone prescription drug plans and Medicare Advantage plans with prescription drug coverage (collectively, “Part D Plans”). Medicare beneficiaries generally have to pay a premium to enroll in a Part D Plan and have to pay cost-sharing amounts, with amounts varying from one Part D Plan to another. CMS provides various federal subsidies to Part D Plans to reduce the cost to beneficiaries. Most Part D Plans have a list of covered drugs, called a formulary. Part D Plan formularies must include drug categories and classes that cover disease states consistent with Part D program requirements, and Part D Plans generally must cover at least two drugs per category with broader requirements for certain protected classes. CMS reviews the formularies of Part D Plans and requires these formularies to include the types of drugs most commonly used by Medicare beneficiaries, as well as those enrollees who reside in long-term care facilities. For example, it is CMS’s expectation that Part D Plans provide coverage of dosage forms of drugs that are widely utilized in the long-term care setting. Dually-eligible residents in nursing centers may be entitled to have their prescription drug costs covered by a Part D Plan, provided that the prescription drugs which they are taking are either on the Part D Plan’s formulary or an exception to the Part D Plan’s formulary is granted. We obtain reimbursement for drugs we provide to enrollees of the given Part D Plan in accordance with the terms of agreements negotiated between us and the Part D Plan. Medicare Part D does not alter federal reimbursement for residents of nursing centers whose stay at the nursing center is covered under Medicare Part A. Accordingly, Medicare’s per diem payments to nursing centers may include a portion attributable to the expected cost of drugs provided to such residents. We will, therefore, continue to receive reimbursement for drugs provided to such residents from the nursing center in accordance with the terms of our agreements with each nursing center. Medicare Part B and D Changes In August 2022, Congress passed the Inflation Reduction Act (“IRA”), which, among other provisions, introduced significant drug pricing reforms aimed to reduce federal government and beneficiary spending for Medicare Part B and Part D drugs. Key provisions in this legislation include limited authority for regulators to negotiate prices for certain Medicare drugs, caps on beneficiary cost share and maximum out-of-pocket spending, and rebates on manufacturers where drug prices exceed inflation. CMS released initial guidance related to the implementation of this program, and has since entered three rounds of the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. In 2026, the initial ten Part D drugs that were part of IRA negotiations will have the negotiated prices go into effect. Additional rounds of IRA-negotiated drug prices are set to be added in January 2027 and January 2028. In January 2026, CMS announced the next set of 15 drugs selected for price negotiations as part of the third cycle of the program. This set of drugs includes drugs covered under Medicare Part D, and for the first time, drugs covered under Medicare Part B. The prices negotiated for these drugs will take effect on January 1, 2028. In December 2023, CMS issued the “Medicare Part D Drug Inflation Rebates Paid by Manufacturers: Revised Guidance” revising initial guidance issued in February 2023, with respect to identification of Part D rebatable drugs and exclusions, calculation of the Part D inflation rebate amount, ensuring integrity of inflation 23 Table of Contents rebates, enforcement of rebate amount payments by manufacturers, and adding example formulas to illustrate how CMS will calculate Part D drug inflation rebate amounts. In November and December of 2024, CMS issued additional final rules relating to Part B and Part D. Under these final rules, CMS began invoicing drug companies in 2025 for Part B and Part D inflation rebates owed for applicable time periods and established a process to impose civil monetary penalties on manufacturers that fail to pay such rebates by applicable deadlines. Significant changes to Part D became effective in 2025. All Part D plans are now required to offer enrollees the option to pay out-of-pocket prescription drug costs in the form of capped monthly installment payments. In 2025, the Coverage Gap Discount Program was replaced by the Manufacturer Discount Program, which requires participating Part D manufacturers to provide discounts on applicable drugs in certain phases of the Part D benefits. In April 2025 and October 2025, CMS issued final rules relating to Part B and Part D. Under these rules, CMS made updates to inflation rebate processes, provided updated processes for the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program, and set requirements for network pharmacy agreements between Part D sponsors and contracting pharmacies. Under the April 2025 rule, the contracting pharmacies must be enrolled in the Medicare Transaction Facilitator Data Module. In July 2025, President Trump signed into law the One Big Beautiful Bill Act (“OBBBA”). Among other things, the OBBBA carved out orphan drugs from the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. The OBBBA may have further significant effects on Medicare Parts B and D that we cannot foresee. Rebates Guardian receives a modest amount of rebates from pharmaceutical manufacturers and distributors of pharmaceutical products associated with dispensing their products. CMS appears to continue to question whether institutional pharmacies should be permitted to receive these access/performance rebates from manufacturers with respect to prescriptions covered under Medicare Part D, but has not prohibited the receipt of such rebates. Medicaid The reimbursement rate for pharmacy services under Medicaid is determined on a state-by-state basis subject to review by CMS and applicable federal law. Although Medicaid programs vary from state to state, most state Medicaid programs provide for the payment of certain pharmacy services, up to established limits, at rates determined in accordance with each state’s regulations. The federal Medicaid statute specifies a variety of requirements that a state plan must meet, including requirements related to eligibility, coverage for services, payment, and admissions. For residents that are eligible for Medicaid only, and are not dually eligible for Medicare and Medicaid, we bill the individual state Medicaid program or, where applicable, the state’s designated managed care or other similar organizations for covered prescription drugs. Federal regulations and the regulations of certain states establish federal “upper limits” for reimbursement of certain prescription drugs under Medicaid (these upper limits being the “FUL”). The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the reconciliation law known as Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act (combined we refer to both Acts as the “Affordable Care Act”), enacted in March 2010, provided for the gradual modification to the calculation of the FUL for drug prices and the definition of Average Manufacturer’s Price (“AMP”). In 2016, the Affordable Care Act and CMS’s Covered Outpatient Drugs final rule, published at 81 Fed. Reg. 5,170, as amended and modified from time to time, changed the definition of the FUL by requiring certain calculations of the FUL considering the AMP. CMS updates the FULs on a monthly basis and the FULs become effective on the first date of the month following their publication. States have thirty (30) days after the effective date of the monthly updates to implement the new FULs. 24 Table of Contents In addition, the definition of AMP changed to reflect net sales only to drug wholesalers that distribute to retail community pharmacies and to retail community pharmacies that directly purchase from drug manufacturers. Further, the Affordable Care Act continued the previous statutory exclusion of prompt pay discounts offered to wholesalers and added three other exclusions to the AMP definition: (i) bona fide services fees; (ii) reimbursement for unsalable returned goods (recalled, expired, damaged, etc.); and (iii) payments from and rebates/discounts to certain entities not conducting business as a wholesaler or retail community pharmacy. The Covered Outpatient Drugs final rule also changed how states reimburse pharmacies. The final rule required states to pay pharmacies based on the actual acquisition cost of the drug, as opposed to the estimated acquisition cost. Moreover, it required states to consider the sufficiency of both the ingredient cost reimbursement and dispensing fee reimbursement when proposing changes to either of these components of reimbursement for Medicaid covered drugs. Over the last several years, state Medicaid programs have undertaken efforts to control prescription drug costs and have seemingly aimed to lower reimbursement through a variety of mechanisms. In July 2025, President Trump signed into law the OBBBA, imposing additional requirements for Medicaid eligibility and increasing cost-sharing requirements. The OBBBA may result in further efforts by state Medicaid programs to limit drug costs. Regulations That Affect Our Customers Specifically, most LTCFs are required to be licensed in the states in which they operate. In addition, for SNFs and other LTCFs serving Medicaid or Medicare residents, such facilities must be certified to be in compliance with applicable requirements for participation set forth in 42 C.F.R. Part 483 (subpart B). Certain customer LTCFs may also be subject to the Nursing Home Reform Act, part of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1987, as amended, which imposes strict compliance standards relating to quality of care, including increased certification, documentation and reporting requirements, unannounced surveys and related enforcement processes, and residents’ bill of rights. In the final rule, set forth in 81 Fed. Reg. 68,688 and entitled “Medicare and Medicaid Programs, Reform of Requirements for Long-Term Care Facilities,” as amended and modified from time to time, referenced previously in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (see Government Regulation—Regulations That Affect Guardian Directly—CMS Regulations Affecting Guardian’s Provision of Pharmacy Services for Certain LTCF Customers) , LTCFs participating in the Medicare and Medicaid programs must develop and maintain policies and procedures, including to address the steps the pharmacist must take when the pharmacist identifies an irregularity that requires urgent action. Moreover, LTCFs must have an effective quality assurance and performance improvement program, person-centered care planning, an infection preventionist, a compliance and ethics program, a means to call for staff assistance from the bedside, and effective staff training, among other requirements. Finally, the final rule imposed additional safeguards on the inappropriate use of psychotropic drugs with the intent of reducing or eliminating such use in LTCFs. In May 2024, CMS published a final rule, set forth in 89 Fed. Reg. 40,876 entitled “Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Minimum Staffing Standards for Long-Term Care Facilities and Medicaid Institutional Payment Transparency Reporting” requiring certain minimum nurse staffing requirements. In a similar effort to elevate LTCF care standards, in November 2024, CMS issued the Revised Long-Term Care Surveyor Guidance implementing revisions aimed at enhancing quality and oversight of the LTCF survey process. This guidance included revisions relating to, without limitation, admission, transfer and discharge, quality assurance performance improvement, and infection prevention and control. In July 2025, the OBBBA imposed a moratorium on implementation of the minimum staffing requirements set forth in the May 2024 rule until 2034. In December 2025, CMS published an interim final report, set forth in 90 Fed. Reg. 55,687, entitled “Medicare and Medicaid Programs; Repeal of Minimum Staffing Standards for Long-Term Care Facilities” removing the minimum staffing requirements of the May 2024 rule. 25 Table of Contents Our LTCF customers may also be directly subject to many of the laws and regulations to which Guardian is subject, as described in detail earlier in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (see Government Regulation — Regulations That Affect Guardian Directly and Government Regulation—Regulations to which Guardian is Subject from Health Plan Payors ). For example, our LTCF customers may be subject to laws affecting referrals and business practices, such as the AKS, and laws affecting interactions with residents and beneficiaries, such as the CMP Law. Our LTCF customers may from time to time be subject to inquiries, investigations and audits by federal and state agencies that oversee applicable healthcare program participation and LTCF operations. LTCF customers may also have direct obligations under HIPAA. Finally, LTCF residents may be covered by (and LTCF customers may receive reimbursement for services provided to residents under) Medicare Part A, Part B and Part D Plans, Medicaid, commercial insurance, and other private health plan payors (including managed care). Human Capital Management Our success is directly linked to the commitment, engagement and performance of its employees. It is important that we not only attract and retain the best and brightest diverse talent, but also ensure they remain engaged and can thrive in an environment that is committed to helping them grow, succeed and contribute directly to achieving our purpose. We embrace equal opportunity in our workforce and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives and skills. The more inclusive we are, the better our work will be. As of December 31, 2025, we employed approximately 3,600 persons, all of whom are located within the United States. Our workforce includes over 500 pharmacists and over 90 nurses, in addition to more than 120 employees who work in the Atlanta office to support our local pharmacies nationwide. We consider the intellectual capital of our employees to be an essential driver of our business and key to future prospects. To attract and retain a high-quality, experienced workforce, we offer a competitive mix of compensation and insurance benefits for our employees, as well as participation in equity programs for certain employees. We offer a wide range of health insurance benefits packages that are customizable to suit the individual needs of each member of our workforce, which is an important factor in our recruitment efforts. We are committed to helping our colleagues reach their full potential by rewarding both their performance and leadership skills and by providing opportunities for growth and development. Full-time employees are eligible to participate in our medical, dental, vision, Health Savings Account, Flexible Spending Account, accident insurance, critical illness insurance, life insurance and disability plans. We offer employees a 401(k)-retirement plan with a company match. Finally, certain employees also participate in an annual bonus plan. None of our employees are represented by a labor union. We consider our employee relations to be good. Intellectual Property We use a number of trademarks and service marks. All of the principal trademarks and service marks used in the course of our business have been registered in the United States or are the subject of pending applications for registration. The Company’s registered trademarks are perpetual in duration. We have various proprietary products, processes and other intellectual property that are used either to facilitate the conduct of our business or that are made available as products or services to the facilities we work with. We generally seek to protect such intellectual property through a combination of trade secret and patent laws and through confidentiality and other contractually imposed protections. Although we believe that our products and processes do not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of any third parties, third parties may assert infringement claims against us from time to time. 26 Table of Contents Competition The business of providing pharmacy services to LTCF residents is highly competitive, and we face competition from multiple sources. There are national, regional and local institutional pharmacies, as well as and numerous local retail pharmacies, that provide pharmaceutical distribution services comparable to those that we offer. Many of these pharmacies have strong relationships with the LTCFs they serve and their residents. In addition, some of our competitors have greater financial resources than we do and may be more established in the markets they serve than we are, making our ability to compete more difficult. Some of our larger competitors have indicated that they plan to focus more on the ALF market, which could further increase the competition we face. While we do not believe any single competitor offers a comparably robust, integrated pharmacy services solution, our primary competitors in the ALF and BHF space are large national providers including Omnicare and PharMerica Corporation, in addition to local and regional pharmacies in each of our markets, including Remedi SeniorCare, PharmCareUSA and Polaris Pharmacy Services. We believe we are the market leader for providing pharmacy services to ALFs and BHFs. We believe we compete favorably in all areas, including SNFs, based on the following competitive factors: • the value and comprehensiveness of the pharmacy services solution we offer and the superior outcomes for residents and reduced health care costs for pharmacy benefit plans; • the strength of our business model, which focuses on local autonomy as opposed to a hub and spoke model; • the superiority of our data analytics capabilities; • the variety of clinical services we offer to improve the quality of care for residents at ALFs and BHFs; and • our significant investment in automation at each local pharmacy. Sales and Marketing We sell our services to LTCFs through each local pharmacy’s sales organization and, in many cases, we leverage our relationships with top national and regional LTCFs to establish relationships with residents. Our sales team has broad experience in the long-term care pharmacy services industry and with LTCF executives. The sales teams at each of our local pharmacies have their own structures that are tailored to their market and the LTCFs located therein and are responsible for identifying sales opportunities and managing the overall sales process. We generate leads, accelerate sales opportunities, and build brand awareness through our marketing programs. Our marketing programs target LTCF executives, caregivers and residents. Our principal marketing programs include learning opportunities for residents, field marketing events, integrated marketing campaigns, lead generation and participation in industry events, trade shows, and conferences. We also benefit from the expansion of our large, multi-location LTCF accounts, as well as from the strength of our brand in local and regional markets. Corporate and Available Information Guardian was incorporated on November 16, 2021. Guardian was formed for the purposes of completing our initial public offering (“IPO”) and related corporate reorganization transactions in order to carry on as a publicly-traded entity the business of Guardian Pharmacy, LLC, which was formed on July 21, 2003. We completed our IPO in September 2024 and our Class A common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “GRDN”. 27 Table of Contents Our principal offices are located at 300 Galleria Parkway SE, Suite 800, Atlanta, Georgia 30339. Our telephone number is (404) 810-0089. We maintain a website at www.guardianpharmacy.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act will be available free of charge on our website, under the “Investors—Financials—SEC Filings” caption, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. We also make available through the Investors section of our website other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC under the Exchange Act, including our proxy statements and reports filed by officers and directors under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, as well as our Code of Business Conduct & Ethics for Executive Officers and Directors, Corporate Governance Guidelines and Board committee charters. The information on our website (or any webpages referenced in this Annual Report on Form 10-K) is not part of this or any other report that we file with, or furnish to, the SEC. The SEC also maintains a website (www.sec.gov) where you can view annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding us and other public companies. 28 Table of Contents Item 1A.

