TICKER: GTIM
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chains have been impacted by international conflicts. The lack of supplies of such products
may impact the availability and supplier pricing for products purchased by us for use in our business, which could result in higher food
and packaging costs or reduced revenues.Additionally, recent policy changes related to tariffs have resulted
in higher input costs, including the costs of food, paper, and operating supplies. These increases have affected the costs of domestic
products, as reduced imports have affected overall supply in the market for comparable products resulting in scarcity and an overall high
price level for certain goods. 3 Table of Contents Share Repurchase On January 31, 2022, the Company’s board
of directors approved a program to purchase shares of its common stock at an aggregate amount of up to $5.0 million dollars on the open
market, effective February 7, 2022. On December 12, 2024 the Company announced a $2.0 million expansion to its share repurchase program
bringing the total authorization for repurchases of its common stock to $7.0 million. As of September 30, 2025, a total of 1,822,246 shares
have been repurchased under the plan at an aggregate cost of approximately $5,019,000. In addition to purchases made under this Share
Repurchase Program, on May 5, 2025, the company purchased an aggregate of 11,331 shares of its common stock at a price of $2.00 per share
in a transaction in a private transaction negotiated with its Senior Vice President of Operations who retired on May 30, 2025. Debt Cadence Credit Facility. The Company and
its wholly owned subsidiaries (the “Subsidiaries”) maintain an amended and restated credit agreement with Cadence Bank
(“Cadence”). Pursuant to the credit agreement, Cadence agreed to loan the Company up to $8,000,000, with a maturity date
of April 20, 2028 (as amended to date, the “Cadence Credit Facility”). The Cadence
Credit Facility amended and restated the Company’s prior credit facility with Cadence in its entirety. The Cadence Credit Facility
accrues commitment fees on the daily unused balance of the facility at a rate of 0.25%. The loans may from time to time consist of a
mixture of SOFR Rate Loans and Base Rate Loans with differing interest rates based upon varying additions to the Federal Funds Rate,
the Cadence prime rate or Term SOFR. Each of the Subsidiaries are guarantors of the Cadence Credit Facility. Proceeds from the
Cadence Credit Facility, if and when drawn, may be used (i) to fund new restaurant development, (ii) to finance the buyout of non-controlling
partners in certain restaurants, (iii) to finance the redemption, purchase or other acquisition of equity interests in the Company and
(iv) for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The Cadence Credit Facility
includes customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The Cadence Credit Facility also requires the Company to
maintain various financial condition ratios, including minimum liquidity, an amended maximum leverage ratio and an amended minimum fixed
charge coverage ratio. In addition, to the extent the aggregate outstanding balance under the revolver under the Cadence Credit Facility
exceeds $4.0 million, the Company is required to meet a new specified leverage ratio, on a pro forma basis, before making further borrowings
as well as certain restricted payments, investments and growth capital expenditures. As of the date of filing of this report, the Company
was in compliance with each of these covenants under the Cadence Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2025,
the interest rate applicable to borrowings under the Cadence Credit Facility was 7.27%. As a result of entering into the Cadence Credit
Facility and the various amendments, the Company paid loan origination costs including professional fees of approximately $324,000 and
is amortizing these costs over the term of the credit agreement. As of September 30, 2025, the unamortized balance of these fees was $93,000. In connection with the
Cadence Credit Facility, the Company and the Subsidiaries entered into an Amended and Restated Security and Pledge Agreement (the “Security
Agreement”) with Cadence. Under the Security Agreement, the Cadence Credit Facility is secured by a first priority security interest
in substantially all the assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries. As of September 30, 2025, there were $2,000,000
borrowings against the facility, all of which is due during the fiscal year ending September 2028 and is classified as a long-term liability
in the accompanying balance sheet. Availability of the Cadence Credit Facility for borrowings is reduced by the outstanding face value
of any letters of credit issued under the facility. As of September 30, 2025, there were approximately $10,000 in outstanding letters
of credit issued under the facility, and approximately $5,990,000 of committed funds available. Parker Promissory Note. Good Times
      Drive Thru, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, is the maker of an unsecured promissory note in connection with the
      purchase of the previously franchised Good Times Burgers and Frozen Custard restaurant located in the Denver suburb of Parker,
      Colorado. JGN Management, Inc., the former franchisee, is the holder of the note. The Parker Promissory Note fully amortizes over
      its original ten-year life maturing on June 1, 2034, carries an interest rate of 5.00% and is, in all respects, subordinate to
      the Cadence Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2025, the outstanding principal balance on the Parker Promissory Note was $342,000.
      Annual principal maturities over the next five years are approximately $35,000 each year. Total interest expense on notes payable was $191,000
and $108,000 for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. Concepts Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar is a full-service,
casual dining small box “better burger” concept. Bad Daddy’s currently operates all of its company-owned restaurants
under a table service / full bar service model. There are three primary elements of the concept
that we believe differentiates us from our competition: 1. Indulgence. The menu consists of burgers, sandwiches, main-course salads, and appetizers carefully crafted
in-house with high-quality ingredients to deliver bold flavor profiles along with portion sizes and presentations that are uncommon in
the casual dining segment of the industry. Beyond simply assembling finished ingredients on a plate, most of our sauces and dressings
are prepared from scratch in our restaurant kitchens. We offer our guests an extensive ability to customize their burgers and salads,
including Create Your Own Burgers and Salads, restricted only by the ingredients available in the kitchen, which include a variety of
different protein options including bison, turkey, chicken, salmon, and plant-based protein. 4 Table of Contents 2. A Bad Ass Bar. The food menu is complemented by a full bar that focuses on local and craft beers and proprietary,
handcrafted cocktails. We collaborate with regional brewers to serve our house beer, which style varies based upon regional and cyclical
beer trends, served under the Bad Daddy’s Brand Name. Additionally, we are known for our margaritas, specifically our Bad Ass Margarita
made with premium tequila and a proprietary blend of ingredients to provide a combination of intensity and drinkability. System-wide,
total alcoholic beverages account for approximately 12% of all sales in our Bad Daddy’s restaurants, and approximately 16% of on-premises
sales. We focus on making our bar a place where both newcomers and regular guests can comfortably relax and enjoy a beverage at happy
hour, with their meal, or at any other time of day. 3. Guest-First Mindset. The restaurants have a high-energy yet family friendly environment with iconic pop
culture design elements and a personal, ultra-friendly and informal service platform with a legacy of southern hospitality. Bad Daddy’s
menu, service and environment are designed around an irreverent brand personality, with a blend of modern and classic rock music setting
the theme and complemented by engaged, well-trained, and inviting hosts, servers, and bartenders. While clearly available for on-premises customers,
all three of these elements are available for our off-premises guests as well, as we (1) offer the same customization on our off-premises
ordering platforms as we offer in-restaurant, (2) where allowable by state or local regulation, we also provide our alcoholic beverages
in an off-premises format for those customers who are ordering their meal for carryout or delivery, and (3) we offer the same level of
hospitality to our carry-out guests and tightly manage our delivery service providers to a similar expectation of over-the-top service. This brand positioning results in transactions
that generate average sales per transaction of approximately $38 across all transaction types. The lunch daypart (between open and 2 p.m.)
represents approximately 33% and the happy hour and dinner dayparts (2 p.m. until close) represent approximately 67% of restaurant sales.
Off-premises sales, including take-out, delivery and curbside pickup, accounted for approximately 27% of all system-wide sales in fiscal
2025. A typical Bad Daddy’s restaurant is approximately
3,500-4,000 square feet with an enclosed patio, smaller than most other chain casual dining restaurants. While sharing common design elements, each restaurant
has unique features intended to represent the local trade area of each Bad Daddy’s and serves as a further point of differentiation
from the larger casual dining chains. We believe Bad Daddy’s innovative menu and personalized service combined with a unique, fun
restaurant design enhance our customers’ experience and differentiate Bad Daddy’s from its competitors. Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard Good Times is a drive-thru, quick-service burger-focused
restaurant concept offering fresh, 100% all-natural beef and chicken. We own and operate twenty-seven Good Times restaurants, and franchise
an additional three: one located in Aurora, Colorado and two in Wyoming. We compete primarily on the quality of our products,
consistently prompt service, and order accuracy. We support our quality position by using only beef and chicken raised humanely with no
antibiotics and no added hormones. Our frozen custard is made fresh throughout the day. These quality commitments help Good Times challenge
quick-serve restaurant norms and match quality found at fast casual restaurants. Our focus on speed of service satisfies our guests’
need for convenience as most of our sales come from the drive-thru. With menu innovation, we strive to create flavor profiles unique to
Good Times, such as our Guacamole Bacon Burger and our Mushroom Melt Burger. We have rotating limited time menu items and custard flavors.
Our customers appreciate that we support local causes and do not take ourselves too seriously. Good Times makes use of various media including
social and digital media,audio platforms including limited terrestrial radio, digital audio streaming, as well as streaming video services
and outdoor media. Good Times is primarily a drive-thru concept,
as all our restaurants have at least one drive-thru lane and generally have a walk-up window where customers may additionally place orders.
Most of our restaurants have no indoor seating and consist of one drive-thru lane and outdoor patio seating, though about one-fourth of
our Company-owned restaurants have small indoor dining areas. Speed of service in this segment is critical for success, and we average
less than three-minute transaction times, as measured from the time the customer places their order until they leave the drive-thru lane. The success
of our strategy is evident in our long-term same store sales growth (sales growth over the prior year period at restaurants open more
than 18 months, also referred to as comparable sales). Same store sales decreased 5.0% in fiscal 2025 and increased 2.9% in fiscal
2024. We have increased same store sales in thirteen of the last fifteen years. Same
store sales have grown at a compound annual growth rate of 3.5% between fiscal 2015 and 2025. 5 Table of Contents Our Business Strengths Our Brands Are Complementary While operating in different segments of the restaurant
industry, our two brands complement each other in both their similarities and differences: Each has a value proposition enhanced by
      superior quality ingredients and a focus on the specific elements of service relevant to the concept that deliver an exceptional
      experience to each guest. We believe Bad Daddy’s resonates with consumers by consistently executing high-quality,
      scratch-made menu items with bold flavors delivered in a high-energy environment with a slightly irreverent brand personality. The
      appeal of Bad Daddy’s is not solely based on a purely on-premises customer experience however, as the focus we place on
      indulgent meals through bold, unique flavors; superior ingredients; and scratch cooking in each kitchen translates into significant
      off-premises adoption, both through traditional customer carry-out and delivery by third-party delivery service providers. The
      quick-service, and in particular, drive-thru format of our Good Times concept offers a balancing effect to business cycles that are
      common in the full-service segment of the restaurant industry. Additionally, the Good Times business, being largely concentrated in
      a single state and serviced through a single food service distribution warehouse, leverages overhead that is necessary for the Bad
      Daddy’s Brand. Our Brands Have a Common Operating Philosophy While each of our brands is led by separate operating
teams, each shares a commitment to four dimensions of our business: Dimensions of the Business: o Individual Fulfillment. The first dimension speaks directly to people, whether that is fellow team
members or our customers. Specific to our team members, we seek to hire people with aligned values and the appropriate knowledge and skills
throughout the organization, provide them with comprehensive training programs, and provide a framework for self-directed, company-supported
continuous development, as we believe that the individual fulfillment achieved from self-actualized team members with aligned values will
deliver consistently superior products and service. We maintain incentive programs at all levels of management based on balanced metrics
addressing performance related to people development and retention; consistent, strong operations; and superior economic value creation. o Guest-First Mindset. Rather than merely being a feeding trough for the masses, we strive to differentiate
our concepts through a level of hospitality that creates an emotional connection by the guest to each brand. This emotional connection
drives loyalty and long-term strength in same store sales. o Operational Excellence. We are content with neither mediocrity nor the status quo, even if it
                                                               is “good enough.” Rather we strive for excellence in execution, whether that is within the operations of our
                                                               restaurants, or the operations of our shared services capabilities. We: (1) do things the right way, (2) take pride in our
                                                               work, (3) take pride in our facilities, and (4) take pride in our brand. The pride that is shared by all of us and that drives us
                                                               towards excellence in all of our activities. o Financial Discipline and Strength . While growth is important, it needs to be sensible and bounded
by financial strength. We want to achieve both growth in unit volumes and growth in number of units, but at the same time maintain a low
debt load. Our Brands Have Growth Potential We believe both of our brands are well positioned
to take advantage of consumers’ changing demands for restaurants, whether regarding the quality of the ingredients, the ability
to customize their order exactly to their liking, or the ability to eat their food in a restaurant dining room, on a patio, in
their car, or to either pick it up or have it delivered. We believe Good Times and Bad Daddy’s are both well positioned to capitalize
on those macro-trends. Both of our brands currently operate with relatively
small market penetration and overall development footprints, providing significant expansion potential. It is our goal to primarily grow
our Bad Daddy’s brand and to do so relatively contiguously from our existing restaurants in order to maximize brand awareness and
operating and distribution efficiencies. We Have Assembled a Dedicated Senior Leadership
Team with Significant Experience Each of the members of our senior leadership team
have many years of relevant experience in their field of expertise, and most have more than fifteen years of industry experience. Our
executive leadership team has significant experience spanning both full-service and quick-service restaurant concepts. Each brand is operated with distinct operations
teams, while utilizing shared support capabilities in administration, finance, accounting, human resources, real estate, marketing and
information technology. Each capability is led by its own qualified leader with many years of functional and leadership experience. We
believe we have people with the right expertise as well as capable processes and systems in place to support both concepts and targeted
future growth of both of our concepts. 6 Table of Contents We Have Maintained Operating Momentum Although same store sales at Good Times decreased
in fiscal 2025, they have increased thirteen of the past fifteen years. Our compound annual same store sales growth rate was approximately
3.5% over the past eleven years. We believe this performance is largely the result of the evolution in our brand positioning, the
re-imaging of several of our older restaurants, effective management of media mix, and consistent execution of the customer experience.
We plan to continue to periodically re-image and remodel our restaurants, maintain a relevant menu with a laser focus on speed and accuracy
in execution, in keeping with our brand strategy, and communicate our brand story to maintain our same store sales growth. The Bad Daddy’s concept was started
      in 2007 in Charlotte, North Carolina by a qualified chef. Sales for the Bad Daddy’s restaurants which were open for at least
      18 months averaged $2.6 million for fiscal 2025. Though this is a decline from fiscal 2024, income from operations for the Bad
      Daddy’s segment increased year over year. We believe that both organic growth and unit growth is important to our brand and
      expect expansion to be disciplined and financed primarily from operating cash flow from both brands. Near the end of fiscal 2025 and early into fiscal 2026 we closed a total of two Bad Daddy’s restaurants,
both having opened more than six years ago, both of which have demonstrated below average sales volumes during their entire operating
history which current management attributes to misjudgment of the quality of real estate during the site selection process. Business Strategies We are focused on continuing to grow same store
sales and profitability of the Good Times concept while continuing targeted unit growth of the Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar concept in
domestic markets. We believe that there are significant opportunities to develop new units, grow customer traffic and increase awareness
of our brands. The following sets forth the key elements of our growth strategy: 1. Organic sales growth in both brands . Our primary strategy is to drive ongoing sales growth from
our existing restaurants and therefore increasing our same store sales. We plan to further strengthen our fresh, all-natural brand positioning
at Good Times with targeted merchandising around each of our menu categories and a targeted focus on speed and accuracy in execution instead
of deep discounts or exotic, limited-reach menu items. We also expect to continue various advertising programs, shifting the media mix
periodically as we determine appropriate to maximize advertising effectiveness and efficiency. At Bad Daddy’s, we intend to increase
Bad Daddy’s same store sales through ongoing menu engineering around bold flavors and unique, concept-appropriate menu items that
we believe drive increased customer visits as well as elevated per person average check, and a focus on expanding our beverage sales and
creating energy in our bar areas. Bad Daddy’s advertising has traditionally targeted individual trade areas, community involvement
and in-store, “four-wall” marketing activities that focus on optimizing the guests’ food, bar and service experience.
We have enhanced those efforts by leveraging third parties who specialize in social and digital media advertising design. 2. Improve operational capabilities. We continue to focus on managing our expenses in the operation
of our restaurants, with a particular focus on cost of sales, labor and operating expense controls and efficiencies while not adversely
impacting our overall quality and service proposition. Macroeconomic, state legislative increases to wages and other external factors
have resulted in upward trends in certain of these operating costs. We continue to implement programs to mitigate the impact of these
external factors and continue to explore other opportunities to improve efficiency of general and administrative costs. We placed an elevated
level of focus in managing overhead costs and gaining further efficiencies in supervision and support services costs and believe that
those costs will be relatively stable, though we expect to invest in modern human resource and financial planning systems that will provide
improved abilities for our restaurant leaders and support capability leaders to best create value for the business. 3. Pursue disciplined unit growth of Company-operated Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar restaurants . We
own the Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar brand, including all associated intellectual property. We have identified potential new restaurant
locations in the southeast U.S. market which are in various stages of negotiation. We continue to assess our development strategies and
intend to follow a disciplined strategy of unit growth that may include both company-owned and franchisee-owned units. Consistent with
our business dimension of Financial Discipline and Strength , we expect that growth in company-owned restaurants will remain more
modest than it has been in the past and will stem from operating cash flow rather than through the use of significant debt financing to
drive more rapid growth. Expansion
strategy and site selection Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar Our development of the Bad Daddy’s Burger
Bar concept in company-owned restaurants has focused on urban and suburban upper income demographic areas with median household incomes
over $90,000 , with a high concentration of daytime employment, specialty retail and entertainment
venues. Site selection is a multi-factor process including the use of specialized applications that create sales forecasts for each site. Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar locations are primarily
end-cap locations in new and existing shopping center developments using approximately 3,500 to 4,000 square feet within a multi-tenant
building. Although the construction process is generally straightforward and comparatively quick compared to the process required to acquire
land and develop a free-standing building, the full process of acquiring acceptable sites is involved and can take in excess of 18 months
including lease negotiation, permitting, construction, and team training. 7 Table of Contents Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard We do not have explicit plans to develop additional
Good Times restaurants, as we continue to refine the economic model of our primarily drive-thru business. However, we expect that any
opportunistic development in Good Times locations would be through a lens of growth in Colorado and potentially surrounding states, which
would preserve operating and marketing efficiencies created by the geographic concentration of our existing base of restaurants. Any development
of new Good Times restaurants would involve a new prototype restaurant design focused primarily on drive-thru with an outside patio but
without any enclosed dining room. We currently lease either the land or the land
and building for all of our Good Times restaurants, except for one restaurant in which we own the land and building. If we were to develop
additional sites, a lease/buy decision would be based upon the economics of the property and our long-term point of view on the underlying
real estate and do not have an explicit preference for leasing in the case of future Good Times restaurants. Our primary site objective
is to secure a suitable site, with the decision to buy or lease as a secondary objective. Our site selection process includes evaluating
several criteria, including a mix of substantial daily traffic, density of at least 30,000 people within a three-mile radius, strong daytime
population and employment base, retail and entertainment traffic generators, good visibility and easy access. Restaurant locations We currently own and operate or license a total
of thirty-eight Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar locations. The location in the Charlotte Douglas International Airport is independently operated
pursuant to a License Agreement with an established airport concessionaire. We closed one company-owned Bad Daddy’s restaurant during
fiscal 2025 and closed one in early fiscal 2026. Additionally, we currently own and operate or
franchise a total of thirty Good Times restaurants. Company-Owned/Co-Developed/Joint-Venture Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard Total 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 Alabama 3 3 - - 3 3 Colorado 9 10 27 25 36 35 Georgia 4 5 - - 4 5 North Carolina 14 14 - - 14 14 Oklahoma 1 1 - - 1 1 South Carolina 4 4 - - 4 4 Tennessee 2 2 - - 2 2 Total 37 39 27 25 64 64 Franchise/License Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard Total 2025 2024 2025 2024 2025 2024 Colorado - - 1 3 1 3 North Carolina 1 1 - - 1 1 Wyoming - - 2 2 2 2 Total 1 1 3 5 4 6 Menu Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar The Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar menu offers our
guests a culinary-driven menu consisting of our own unique blend of high quality and handcrafted 1855 Black Angus ® beef
burgers with creative, scratch-made toppings including buttermilk-fried bacon, creamy ale queso made in-house, and our specialty signature
Bad Daddy’s sauce which is also completely made in-house.  The customizable menu options also include a variety of proteins
including house-made black bean patty, salmon, turkey, bison and chicken. Additionally, we offer giant chopped salads, a full gluten-friendly
menu, appetizers including hand-cut fries and housemade potato chips, hand-spun ice cream milkshakes and our scratch-made banana pudding. 
We feature a variety of craft beers from local breweries and a full bar serving our Bad Ass Margarita and other innovative cocktails,
and both red and white wine. Our signature
recipes include the Bacon Cheeseburger on Steroids; Sam I Am Burger and Emilio’s Chicken Sandwich. Signature Chopped Salads include
the Texican Chicken Salad and the Stella’s Greek Salad. However, the true differentiator for the brand is our customers’ ability
to build their meal exactly the way they would like. The Bad Daddy’s Create Your Own menu allows full customization of burgers
and salads offering over sixty topping options. We have partnered with a craft brewer to make our Bad Daddy’s Amber Ale. Our creative
cocktail menu uses fresh-squeezed housemade sours and fresh garnishes in our signature Bad Ass Margaritas and features creative and timeless
options including the Daddy’s Dragonberry and spiked milkshakes. 8 Table of Contents Bad Daddy’s
Burger Bar strives to provide proprietary flavors and recipes available nowhere else with fresh, handcrafted quality throughout the menu
paired with genuine and warm hospitality. We also rotate through seasonal food and beverage specials to provide variety for our guests
while still maintaining the spirited flavor profiles that distinguish us from others. Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard The menu of each Good Times restaurant is focused
primarily on burgers made with a fresh custom grind ground beef, chicken sandwiches and chicken tenders using only all-natural chicken
from Springer Mountain Farms, and our signature vanilla and monthly featured-flavor custard. This menu is supplemented by side selections
including our famous Wild Fries, crinkle cut fries, jalapeno cheddar cheese poppers, and onion rings. Beverages include typical soft drinks
and fresh lemonades, with a selection of shakes and floats made with our frozen custard. We have a breakfast menu consisting of breakfast
burritos, orange juice and coffee and a kid’s meal menu featuring a choice of main item, side, drink, and a token redeemable for
a free kid’s custard cup or cone. Both of our beef and chicken suppliers are committed
to animal welfare and all-natural standards, raising animals without the use of any antibiotics, added hormones, or animal byproducts
that are normally used in the open market. We believe that these attributes of our beef and chicken deliver a better tasting product and,
because of the rigorous protocols and testing that are a part of the Meyer all-natural, all-Angus Beef and Springer Mountain Farms Chicken
processes, may also minimize the risk of any food-borne bacteria-related illnesses. We also believe that the use of premium, all-natural
beef and chicken products differentiates our concept in a crowded quick-service segment of the restaurant industry. Our fresh frozen custard is a premium ice cream
that is smoother, creamier and thicker than typical soft serve or hard-packed ice cream products. We serve the frozen custard as vanilla
and a flavor of the month in cups and cones; as Spoonbenders, a mix of custard and toppings; and as shakes and floats made with our frozen
custard. The breakfast menu is centered around Green Chile
Burritos made with our own proprietary green chile recipe using regional roasted green chiles, eggs, potatoes, and cheese offered with
the choice of bacon, sausage or chorizo. During breakfast we offer soda, coffee and juice, along with Wild Spuds as a signature fried
potato side offering. Marketing & Advertising Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar Our marketing strategy for Bad Daddy’s Burger
Bar focuses on iconic, in-store merchandising materials and local store marketing to the surrounding trade area around each restaurant,
including public relations and community-based events. We generally do not focus on large media buys or “traditional” advertising,
but on the in-store customer experience, building word-of-mouth reputation and recommendations and local public relations based on prior
and recent awards and recognitions received by Bad Daddy’s. We have recently supplemented this with additional investments in social
and digital media using third-party resources who specialize in highly targeted advertisements on social media and digital platforms.
We also use public relations, and trade area specific direct mail materials, particularly in support of new restaurant openings, to drive
trial and initial awareness. Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard Our marketing strategy for Good Times focuses
on: 1) driving same store restaurant sales through attracting new customers and increasing the frequency of visits by current customers;
2) communicating specific product news and attributes to build strong points of difference from competitors; and 3) communicating a unique,
strong and consistent brand personality. Media is an important component of building
      our brand awareness and distinctiveness. Though most of our media advertising dollars were spent on audio advertising during fiscal
      2024, including terrestrial radio, podcasts, and advertising-based streaming platforms, in 2025 we expanded to outdoor advertising
      and significantly reduced audio advertising. We shifted focus significantly to social and digital media that provides us with a
      higher level of engagement and targets current customers with an increased level of product giveaways to support high sales
      opportunity products. Operations We maintain separate operating teams for each
of our concepts and have extensive operating, training and quality control systems in place. Restaurant Management Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar was developed as
a chef-driven concept and utilizes a team of three or four managers in our operations at most restaurants. Managers are cross-trained
in back of the house skills (kitchen execution, kitchen management, expediting, and line management), front of the house service positions
(host, server and bar) and all other management functions, however each manager is assigned one or more specific areas of responsibility
over which they have direct accountability for results. Our managers at each restaurant participate in a bonus pool for each restaurant
based on a combination of restaurant sales, income, and specific financial and operational objectives. As a full-service concept, our
operating leadership structure for Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar operations is distinct and separate, including a separate operations leader
from our Good Times operations team as the experience, qualifications and compensation of team members are significantly different between
the quick-service and full-service segments of the industry. Although this is the case, we have combined recruiting into a single shared
services capability and believe that long term, our training capabilities for the brands will similarly be combined into single shared
services capability. 9 Table of Contents Each Good Times restaurant employs a general manager,
generally one or two hourly assistant managers, up to four hourly shift managers and approximately 10 to 20 non-management team members.
Most of our shift managers, assistant managers, and general managers are internally promoted from team member positions. Ongoing training
and development is provided as necessary. We believe that incentive compensation of our restaurant managers is essential to the success
of our business. Accordingly, our general managers and assistant managers in each restaurant participate in a bonus program based upon
meeting financial, customer service and quality performance objectives tied to a monthly scorecard of measures. Operational and Management Systems and Processes We have implemented highly effective operating
systems and processes relative to those in the industry for both of our concepts. Detailed processes have been developed for all responsibilities
that drive consistency across our system of restaurants and performance against our standards within different day parts. We utilize a
combination of industry-leading labor programs and proprietary algorithms to determine optimal staffing needs of each restaurant based
on its actual customer flow and demand. We also employ several additional operational tools to continuously monitor and improve speed
of service, food waste, food quality, sanitation, financial performance and employee development. The order system at each Good Times
restaurant is equipped with an internal timing device that displays and records the time each order takes to prepare and deliver. We use several sources of customer feedback to
evaluate each restaurant’s service and quality performance, including a transaction-driven survey outreach, website comments and
a customer feedback tool that aggregates and analyzes all social media comments. We believe that information will assist us in evaluating
opportunities for improved execution of the customer experience. Training We strive to maintain quality and consistency
in each of our restaurants for both Good Times and Bad Daddy’s through the careful training and supervision of our restaurant leadership
team members and the establishment of, and adherence to, high standards relating to personnel performance, food and beverage preparation
and maintenance of our restaurants. Each manager must complete an eight-week training program, be certified on several core processes
and is then closely supervised to show both comprehension and capability before they are allowed to manage autonomously. We have a defined
weekly and monthly goal-setting process around service, employee development, financial management and store maintenance goals for every
restaurant. Additionally, we have a library of video training tools to drive training efficiencies and consistency at both brands. Prior to opening a new restaurant, a training
and opening team travels to the new restaurant location to prepare for an intensive training program for all team members hired for the
new restaurant opening. Part of the training team remains on-site for a period after the opening of the restaurant while an additional
team provides several weeks of support following opening. Recruiting and Retention At Bad Daddy’s when recruiting for managers,
we seek to hire experienced restaurant managers, though increasingly we have pivoted to greater development of high-performing team members
providing a robust source of internal management candidates. At Good Times, substantially all our managers are promoted from team member
positions. We support employees by offering competitive wages and benefits, including a matching 401(k) plan, medical insurance, and incentive
plans for certain management positions that are tied to performance against key goals and objectives. We motivate and prepare our employees
by providing them with opportunities for increased responsibilities and advancement. We also provide various other incentives, including
paid time off, communication allowances, incentive performance bonuses and referral bonuses. We have implemented an online screening and
hiring tool that has proven to reduce hourly employee turnover. Franchising and Licensing For Good Times, we have previously prepared forms
of area rights and franchise agreements and advertising material to be utilized in soliciting prospective franchisees. We have historically
sought to attract franchisees that are experienced restaurant operators, are well capitalized and have demonstrated the ability to develop
one to five restaurants.  We review sites selected for franchises and monitor performance of franchise units. Currently, we
are not actively soliciting new franchisees but are assessing potential future growth strategies that include the development of franchised
Good Times restaurants. We currently have one license agreement for a
Bad Daddy’s location in the Charlotte Douglas International Airport. We currently have one Good Times restaurant operating under
a franchise agreement in the greater Denver metropolitan area and two dual-branded franchised restaurants operating in Wyoming. In addition,
we are, through one of our wholly owned subsidiaries, the controlling partner in a joint venture related to six Good Times restaurants
operating in the greater Denver metropolitan area. We actively work with and monitor our franchisees
and licensees to ensure successful operations as well as compliance with our systems and procedures. We advise franchisees on menu, management
training and marketing. On an ongoing basis we conduct standards reviews of all franchise restaurants in key areas including product quality,
service standards, restaurant cleanliness and sanitation and food safety. 10 Table of Contents Management Information Systems The systems in our restaurants are designed in
a manner to minimize the amount of time our managers spend on administrative tasks. We utilize up-to-date versions of a leading point-of-sale
system in each of our company-owned restaurants that captures transaction-level data required to support information about sales, product
mix, and average check. The configuration of restaurant point-of-sales systems is performed by our technology shared service capability.
We are implementing a new cloud-based point of sale system and have completed the implementation at all company-owned Good Times restaurants
and expect to complete the implementation at all traditional Bad Daddy’s restaurants in the next eighteen months. We use a cloud-based back-office solution across
both brands that collects sales, labor and cash data from the restaurant point-of-sale system in near real-time and is the primary source
of capture for inventory and supply chain management information. This back-office solution interfaces with our primary financial accounting
systems and provides all levels of management with relevant daily, weekly and monthly reports across substantially all store-level income
and expense categories. Food Preparation, Quality Control &
Purchasing We believe that we have excellent food quality
standards relative to the industry. Our systems are designed to protect our food supply throughout the preparation process. We inspect
specific qualified manufacturers and work together with those manufacturers to provide specifications and quality controls. Our operations
management teams are trained in a nationally recognized comprehensive safety and sanitation course specific to food service. Minimum cook
temperature requirements, periodic line checks throughout the day, and daily facilities checklists ensure the safety and quality of both
burgers and other items we use in our restaurants. We currently distribute nearly all of the food
and paper supplies for our Good Times restaurants and the majority of the food and paper supplies for our Bad Daddy’s restaurants
through US Foods. We directly contract with suppliers for key products who are chosen based upon their ability to provide (i) a continuous
supply of product that meets all safety and quality specifications, (ii) logistics expertise and freight management, (iii) product innovation
and differentiation, (iv) customer service, (v) transparency of business relationships and (vi) competitive pricing. Specified products
are distributed to all restaurants through US Foods, or directly in the case of certain bread and produce suppliers, under negotiated
contracts directly to our restaurants two to five times per week depending on restaurant requirements. We do not believe that the current
reliance on these distributors will have any long-term material adverse effect since we believe that there are a sufficient number of
other suppliers from which food and paper supplies could be purchased with little or no interruption in service. We actively monitor the
primary commodities we purchase and selectively contract pricing when practical in order to minimize the impact of fluctuations in price
and availability. Most pricing agreements are based on published commodity indices and so in spite of pricing agreements, most of our
commodities, including ground beef, chicken, and bacon remain subject to monthly market price fluctuations. Employees At September 30, 2025, we had approximately 2,078
active employees of which 1,839 are hourly team members and 239 are salaried managers or professional staff working full time. We strive
to provide competitive salary and benefits, strong development opportunities, and a meaningful job or career for all of our employees
and believe that this has translated into good employee relations. None of our employees are covered by a collective bargaining agreement. Competition The restaurant industry, including both limited
service and full-service segments, is highly competitive. Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar competes with both local, regional, and national
gourmet, “better burger” concepts as well as more legacy grill and bar concepts. As such, Bad Daddy’s competes with
both full-service and limited-service better burger restaurants. There are other burger-centric fast casual concepts that operate at a
lower average customer check than Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar and others in both fast casual and full-service formats that operate with
a higher average customer check. We believe that we offer sufficient price choice to be able to compete effectively in the full range
of such concepts. We believe that Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar has an advantage in the premium quality of our ingredients, unparalleled
ability for guests to customize their order, distinctiveness of its atmosphere and the indulgence created by our bold, unique flavors.
Nevertheless, Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar may be at a competitive disadvantage to other restaurant chains with greater name recognition
and operating scale. Good Times competes with many other hamburger-oriented
quick-service restaurants in the areas in which it operates. Many of these restaurants are owned and operated by regional and national
restaurant chains, many of which have greater financial resources and experience than we do. In-N-Out, a California-based, burger-focused
quick-service restaurant concept,  and Whataburger, a Texas-based burger-focused quick-service restaurant
concept have expanded into Colorado with future development expected in markets where we currently operate. Double drive-thru restaurant
chains such as Checkers & Rally’s Restaurants, which currently operate double drive-thru restaurants in various markets in the
United States, are not currently operating in Colorado. We are aware of three significant quick-service competitors offering frozen custard
as a primary menu item operating in the Colorado market, two of which have a significant presence in Midwestern markets that may be targeted
for expansion. New concepts centered around sliders compete with our Bambino product; one such concept has begun development in the greater
Denver area. Fast casual hamburger restaurants have been developed in the Colorado market, including markets where we operate. Increasingly,
traditionally fast-casual concepts are including drive-thru ordering and pickup as part of their operating model, and though they generate
an average per person check that is meaningfully higher than the average check at a Good Times restaurant, now represent competition that
is more relevant than it was previously. 11 Table of Contents We believe that Good Times may have a competitive
advantage in terms of quality of product compared to traditional quick-service burger chains. Nevertheless, we may be at a competitive
disadvantage to other restaurant chains with greater name recognition and marketing capability. Furthermore, most of our competitors in
the fast-food business operate more restaurants, have been established for longer, and have greater financial resources and name recognition
than we do. There is also active competition for management personnel, as well as for attractive commercial real estate sites suitable
for restaurants. Intellectual Property We have registered our marks “Bad Daddy’s
Burger Bar” and “Good Times” with the United States Patent and Trademark Office. We received approval of our federal
registration of “Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar” in 2011 and “Good Times” in 2003. Additionally, we own trademarks
or service marks that have been registered with the United States Patent and Trademark Office including, but not limited to, “Bad
Daddy’s Burger Bar EST. 2007”, “Big Daddy Bacon Cheeseburger,” and “Spoonbender”. The registration
for our “Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar” mark will be renewed prior to September 2031. The registration for our “Good
Times” marks will be renewed prior to February 2028 and December 2033 respectively. We intend to maintain our marks and renew registrations
on a timely basis. Government Regulation Each of our restaurants is subject to the regulations
of various health, sanitation, safety and fire agencies in the jurisdiction in which the restaurant is located. Difficulties or failures
in obtaining the required licenses or approvals could delay or prevent the opening of a new restaurant. Federal and state environmental
regulations have not had a material effect on our operations. More stringent and varied requirements of local governmental bodies with
respect to zoning, land use and environmental factors could delay or prevent development of new restaurants in particular locations. We
are subject to the Fair Labor Standards Act, which governs such matters as minimum wages, overtime, and other working conditions. In addition,
we are subject to the Americans with Disabilities Act, which requires restaurants and other facilities open to the public to provide for
access and use of facilities for people with disabilities. Management believes that we are in compliance with the Americans with Disabilities
Act. Beginning in 2015, we became subject to the Affordable Care Act which requires us to have the required health insurance benefits
for eligible employees. We are also subject to federal and state laws
regulating franchise operations, which vary from registration and disclosure requirements in the offer and sale of franchises to the application
of statutory standards regulating franchise relationships. Many state franchise laws impose restrictions on franchise agreements, including
limitations on non-competition provisions and the termination or non-renewal of a franchise. Some states require that franchise materials
be registered before franchises can be offered or sold in that state. In addition, each Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar
restaurant requires a liquor license and adherence to the attendant laws and requirements regulating the serving and consumption of alcohol.
Alcoholic beverage control regulations govern various aspects of these restaurants’ daily operations, including the minimum age
of patrons and employees, hours of operation, advertising, wholesale purchasing and inventory control, handling and storage. Typically,
licenses to sell alcoholic beverages require annual renewal and may be suspended or revoked at any time for cause, the definition of which
varies by locality. Segment Reporting We operate as two reportable business segments:
Good Times Burgers and Frozen Custard restaurants and Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar restaurants. Refer to Note 10, Segment Reporting ,
in the notes to our consolidated financial statements for more information. Available Information Our Internet website address is goodtimesburgers.com
We make available through our website’s investor relations information section our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports
on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and any amendments to those reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange
Commission (“SEC”) under applicable securities laws as soon as reasonably practical after we electronically file such material
with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Our website information is not part of or incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements This Form 10-K may include “forward looking
statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and
Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and such statements are subject to the
safe harbors created thereby. A forward-looking statement is neither a prediction nor a guarantee of future events. We try, whenever possible,
to identify these forward-looking statements by using words such as "anticipate," "assume," "believe," "estimate,"
"expect," "intend," "plan," "project," "may," "will," "would," and
similar expressions. Certain forward-looking statements are included in this Form 10-K, principally in the sections captioned "Business,"
and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." Forward-looking statements are
related to, among other things: ● the sufficiency of the supply of commodities and labor pool to carry on our business; 12 Table of Contents ● anticipated price increases and the impact of inflation; ● business objectives and strategic plans; ● operating strategies; ● our ability to open and operate additional restaurants profitably and the timing of such openings; ● expectations that most, if not all, of the Company’s unit growth will be through the development
of additional Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar locations; ● restaurant and franchise acquisitions; ● expected future revenues and earnings, comparable and non-comparable restaurant sales, results of operations,
and future restaurant growth (both company-owned and franchised); ● estimated costs of opening and operating new restaurants, including general and administrative, marketing,
franchise development and restaurant operating costs; ● anticipated selling, general and administrative expenses and restaurant operating costs, including commodity
prices, labor and energy costs; ● our expectations as to the impact of a global or regional pandemic or epidemic on our business; ● future capital expenditures; ● our expectation that we will have adequate cash from operations and credit facility borrowings to meet
all future debt service, capital expenditure and working capital requirements in fiscal 2026; ● success of advertising and marketing activities; ● the absence of any material adverse impact arising out of any current litigation in which we are involved; ● impact of the adoption of new accounting standards and our financial and accounting systems and analysis
programs; ● expectations regarding competition and our competitive advantages; ● impact of our trademarks, service marks, and other proprietary rights; and ● effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. Although we believe that the expectations reflected
in our forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions, such expectations may prove to be materially incorrect due to known
and unknown risks and uncertainties. In some cases, information regarding certain important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements appears together with such statement.
In addition, the factors described under Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in Part II, Item 7, and

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, shareholders and others, including settlement of
those claims; effectiveness of management strategies and decisions; weather conditions and related events in regions where our restaurants
are operated; and changes in accounting standards, policies and practices or related interpretations by auditors or regulatory entities.
Additionally, in the context of a global or regional pandemic or epidemic, future facts and circumstances could change, and impact assumptions
relied upon in our forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements speak only as of
the date made. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us, or persons acting on our behalf, are expressly
qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which it is made or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated
events or circumstances.

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Components of this category include accounting and administrative
costs, regional and franchise support salaries and benefits; professional and consulting fees; travel; corporate information systems;
training; board of directors’ expenses; office rent; and legal expenses. For fiscal 2025, general and administrative costs decreased
$847,000 from $10,581,000 (7.4% of total revenue) in fiscal 2024 to $9,734,000 (6.9% of total revenue) in fiscal 2025. The $847,000 decrease in general and administrative
expenses in fiscal 2025 is primarily attributable to: ● Decrease in third party accounting fees of $505,000
related to insourcing of accounting ● Decrease in legal fees and settlement costs of
$382,000 ● Decrease in costs associated with multi-unit
supervisory roles of $197,000 ● Increase in home office payroll and benefits
of $170,000 ● Increase in technology related expenses of $141,000 ● Net decreases in all other expenses of $74,000. Advertising Costs: For fiscal 2025, advertising
costs decreased $213,000 from $3,528,000 (2.5% of total revenues) in fiscal 2024 to $3,315,000 (2.3% of total revenues) in fiscal 2025. Bad Daddy’s advertising costs increased
$18,000 from $1,876,000 (1.8% of total revenues) in fiscal 2024 to $1,894,000 (1.9% of total revenues) in fiscal 2025. The increase is
primarily due to increases in TV and outdoor media partially offset by a decrease in social media advertising. Bad Daddy’s advertising
costs consist primarily of third-party gift card commissions, menu development, printing costs, local store marketing and social media.
All restaurants contribute to an advertising materials fund based on a percentage of restaurant sales. Good Times advertising costs increased $63,000
from $1,355,000 (3.5% of total revenues) in fiscal 2024 to $1,418,000 (3.6% of total revenues) in fiscal 2025. The increase is primarily
due to increased outdoor and social media expenses, sponsorships and agency fees, partially offset by decreased radio media expense. Good
Times advertising costs consist primarily of radio advertising, agency fees and social media. Advertising costs are presented gross, with
franchisee contributions to the fund being recognized as a component of franchise revenues. (Gain) loss on lease terminations and asset
disposals: For fiscal 2025, the net gain on lease terminations and asset disposals was $469,000 compared to a net loss of $2,000 in
fiscal 2024. The net gain in fiscal 2025 is primarily due to gains on lease terminations related to three Bad Daddy’s locations.
The net loss in fiscal 2024 was primarily due to restaurant fixed asset retirements, mostly offset by a deferred gain on previous sale
lease-back transactions related to two Good Times restaurants. Long-lived Asset Impairment Charges: For
fiscal 2025, the asset impairment charge was $627,000 compared to $698,000 in fiscal 2024. We review long-lived assets and intangibles
subject to amortization for impairment when there are factors that indicate the carrying value of such assets may not be recoverable. The current year impairment costs are primarily attributable to the impairment of lease right-of-use
assets for two Bad Daddy’s locations, the impairment of one Good Times location, as well as new assets deployed in restaurants where
impairment was previously assessed and the Company’s current analysis indicated impairment of assets associated with those restaurants. During fiscal 2024 we recorded non-cash impairment charges of $689,000 and $9,000 related to Bad Daddy’s and Good Times, respectively. Litigation Contingencies: There
were no litigation contingency costs during fiscal 2025. There was $332,000 of income related to the adjustment of the Company’s
litigation contingency reserve during fiscal 2024. Income from Operations: Income from operations
was $330,000 in fiscal 2025 compared to $1,380,000 in fiscal 2024. The change from fiscal 2024 to fiscal 2025 was primarily attributable
to matters discussed in the relevant sections above . Interest
Expense: Interest expense was $196,000 during fiscal 2025, compared with $125,000 during fiscal 2024. Provision
for Income Taxes: There was an $824,000 benefit from income taxes for fiscal 2025, compared to a $624,000 benefit for fiscal 2024 .
The primary driver of the tax benefit for both fiscal 2025 and 2024 were changes in available tax credits. See Note 7 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements included in this report for further information. 28 Table of Contents Net Income: Net income for fiscal 2025
was $1,098,000 compared to net income of $1,879,000 in fiscal 2024. The change from fiscal 2024 to fiscal 2025 was primarily attributable
to the matters discussed in the relevant sections above . Income Attributable
to Non-Controlling Interests: The non-controlling interest represents the limited partner’s
share of income in the Good Times restaurants owned by a partnership in which the Company is the controlling partner. For fiscal
2025, the income attributable to non-controlling interests was $74,000 compared to $266,000 for fiscal 2024. This $192,000 decrease is
primarily due to decreased profitability during the fiscal year of the six restaurants involved in the partnership. Adjusted EBITDA EBITDA is defined as net income before interest, income taxes and depreciation
and amortization. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA, adjusted
for non-cash stock-based compensation expense, preopening expense, non-recurring acquisition costs, non-cash disposal of assets, litigation
contingencies, and non-cash asset impairment charges. Adjusted EBITDA is intended as a supplemental measure of our performance that is
not required by or presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA provide useful information to management
and investors regarding certain financial and business trends relating to our financial condition and operating results. Our management
uses EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA (i) as a factor in evaluating management's performance when determining incentive compensation and
(ii) to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies. We believe that the use of EBITDA and Adjusted
EBITDA provides an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends and in comparing the Company's
financial measures with other restaurants, which may present similar non-GAAP financial measures to investors. In addition, you should
be aware when evaluating EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA that in the future we may incur expenses similar to those excluded when calculating
these measures. Our presentation of these measures should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected
by unusual or non-recurring items. Our computation of Adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures computed
by other companies, because all companies do not calculate Adjusted EBITDA in the same fashion. Our management does not consider EBITDA or Adjusted
EBITDA in isolation or as an alternative to financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP. The principal limitation of EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA is that they exclude significant expenses and income that are required by GAAP to be recorded in the Company's financial
statements. Some of these limitations are: ● Adjusted EBITDA does not
reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements, for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; ● Adjusted EBITDA does not
reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; ● Adjusted EBITDA does not
reflect the interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debts; ● Although depreciation and
amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted
EBITDA does not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; ● Stock based compensation
expense is and will remain a key element of our overall long-term incentive compensation package, although we exclude it as an expense
when evaluating our ongoing performance for a particular period; ● Adjusted EBITDA does not
reflect the impact of certain cash charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations; and ● Other companies in our
industry may calculate Adjusted EBITDA differently than we do, limiting its usefulness as a comparative measure. Because of these limitations, Adjusted EBITDA
should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for performance measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. We compensate for
these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using Adjusted EBITDA only as a supplementary measure. You should review
the reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA below and not rely on any single financial measure to evaluate our business. 29 Table of Contents The following table reconciles net income to EBITDA
and Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands) : Fiscal Year 2025 2024 Net
                                            income attributable to common shareholders, as reported $ 1,024 $ 1,613 Depreciation and amortization 4,049 3,849 Depreciation and amortization attributable to non-controlling interest (101 ) (92 ) Provision for income taxes (824 ) (624 ) Interest expense, net 196 125 EBITDA 4,344 4,871 Preopening expense (1) 8 - Non-cash stock-based compensation (2) 112 134 Non-cash gain on lease terminations and disposal of assets (3) (763 ) 2 Non-cash gain on disposal of assets attributable to non-controlling
interest (3 ) (10 ) Litigation contingencies - (332 ) Asset impairment charges (4) 627 698 Adjusted EBITDA $ 4,325 $ 5,363 (1) Represents expenses directly associated with the opening of new restaurants, including preopening rent. (2) Represents non-cash stock-based compensation as described in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. (3) Primarily related to gains on lease terminations as well as fixed asset disposals and deferred gains
on previous sale-leaseback transactions on two Good Times restaurants. (4) Represents costs recognized in connection with the asset impairment charges as described in Note 1 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements. Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash and Working Capital As of September 30, 2025, we had a working capital
deficit of $9,124,000. Our working capital position benefits from the fact that we generally collect cash from business-to-customer sales
the same day, or in the case of credit or debit card transactions, within a few days of the related sale and have payment terms with vendors
that are typically between 14 and 21 days. Our current working capital deficit is additionally affected by the recognition of short-term
lease liabilities, as we lease substantially all of our real estate and have both current- and long-term obligations to our landlords.
We believe that we will have sufficient capital to meet our working capital, and recurring capital expenditure needs in fiscal 2026. We
anticipate any commitments in fiscal 2026 will be funded out of existing cash or future borrowings against the Cadence Credit Facility. Financing Cadence Credit Facility The
Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the “Subsidiaries”) maintain an amended and restated credit agreement with Cadence
Bank (“Cadence”) pursuant to which, Cadence agreed to loan the Company up to $8,000,000, which has a maturity date of April
20, 2028 (as amended to date, the “Cadence Credit Facility”). The Cadence Credit Facility amended and restated the Company’s
prior credit facility with Cadence in its entirety. The Cadence Credit Facility accrues commitment fees on the daily unused balance of
the facility at a rate of 0.25%. The loans may from time to time consist of a mixture of SOFR Rate Loans and Base Rate Loans with differing
interest rates based upon varying additions to the Federal Funds Rate, the Cadence prime rate or Term SOFR. Each of the Subsidiaries are
guarantors of the Cadence Credit Facility. Proceeds
from the Cadence Credit Facility, if and when drawn, may be used (i) to fund new restaurant development, (ii) to finance the buyout of
non-controlling partners in certain restaurants, (iii) to finance the redemption, purchase or other acquisition of equity interests in
the Company and (iv) for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The
Cadence Credit Facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The Cadence Credit Facility also
requires the Company to maintain various financial condition ratios, including minimum liquidity, an amended maximum leverage ratio and
an amended minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. In addition, to the extent the aggregate outstanding balance under the revolver under
the Cadence Credit Facility exceeds $4.0 million, the Company is required to meet a new specified leverage ratio, on a pro forma basis,
before making further borrowings as well as certain restricted payments, investments and growth capital expenditures. As of the date of
filing of this report, the Company was in compliance with each of these covenants under the Cadence Credit Facility. As
of September 30, 2025, the interest rate applicable to borrowings under the Cadence Credit
Facility was 7.27%. As
a result of entering into the Cadence Credit Facility and the various amendments, the Company paid loan origination costs including professional
fees of approximately $324,000 and is amortizing these costs over the term of the credit agreement. As of September 30, 2025, the
unamortized balance of these fees was $93,000. 30 Table of Contents In
connection with the Cadence Credit Facility, the Company and the Subsidiaries entered into an Amended and Restated Security and Pledge
Agreement (the “Security Agreement”) with Cadence. Under the Security Agreement, the Cadence Credit Facility is secured by
a first priority security interest in substantially all the assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries. As
of September 30, 2025, there were $2,000,000 of borrowings against the facility, all of which
is due during the fiscal year ending September 2028 and is classified as a long-term liability in the accompanying balance sheet. Availability
of the Cadence Credit Facility for borrowings is reduced by the outstanding face value of any letters of credit issued under the facility.
As of September 30, 2025, there were approximately $10,000 in outstanding letters of credit
issued under the facility, and approximately $5,990,000 of committed funds available. Parker
Promissory Note Good Times
Drive Thru, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company is the maker of an unsecured promissory note in connection with the purchase
of the previously franchised Good Times Burgers and Frozen Custard restaurant located in the Denver suburb of Parker, Colorado. JGN Management,
Inc., the former franchisee, is the holder of the note. The Parker Promissory Note fully amortizes over its original ten-year life maturing on June 1, 2034, carries an interest rate of 5.00% and is, in all respects, subordinate
to the Cadence Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2025, the outstanding principal balance
on the Parker Promissory Note was $342,000. Annual principal maturities over the next five years are approximately $35,000 each
year. Total interest
expense on notes payable was $191,000 and $108,000 for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. Cash Flows Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2025 September 24, 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities $ 1,613 $ 5,130 Net cash used in investing activities (3,844 ) (3,662 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 983 (1,797 ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents $ (1,248 ) $ (329 ) Operating Cash Flows. Net
cash from operating activities decreased by $3,517,000, primarily due to decreased net income, income tax provision and an increase in
non-cash gains, as well as increased cash usage for accounts payable, accrued liabilities and lease liabilities, partially offset by
increased cash flow related to receivables, prepaid expenses, inventories and other assets, as presented on the Consolidated Statements
of Cash Flows. Investing Cash Flows. Net cash used
in investing activities for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024 were $3,844,000 and $3,662,000, respectively,
which primarily reflect the purchases of property and equipment and acquisitions of restaurants from franchises in each year as well as
the payment of lease termination fees in the current year. Financing Cash Flows. Net cash provided by financing activities for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, was $983,000, which includes proceeds from long-term
debt of $2,250,000, payments of long-term debt of $780,000, net distributions to non-controlling interests of $38,000, $391,000 in payments
for the purchase of treasury stock, and $58,000 for restricted stock vesting settled in cash. Net cash used in financing activities for the
fiscal year ended September 24, 2024, was $1,797,000, which includes proceeds from long-term debt of $1,380,000, including the making
of the Parker Promissory Note, payments of long-term debt of $1,258,000, net contributions from non-controlling interests of $28,000,
and $1,947,000 in payments for the purchase of treasury stock. Contingencies and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We are contingently liable on a lease underlying
a restaurant operated by a franchisee. In addition, we are contingently liable for properties that we have subleased to unrelated parties.
We have never experienced any losses related to these contingent lease or sublease liabilities, however if the franchisee or unrelated
parties default on the payments under the leases or subleases, we would be liable for the lease payments as the assignor or sub-lessor
of the lease. Currently we have not been notified nor are we aware of any leases or subleases in default by the franchisee or unrelated
parties, however there can be no assurance that there will not be in the future which could have a material effect on our future operating
results. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our consolidated financial statements and accompanying
notes are prepared in accordance with GAAP. Preparing consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue and expenses. These estimates and assumptions are affected by the application
of our accounting policies. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. Critical
accounting estimates are those that require application of management’s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments, often as
a result of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent periods. While we apply our judgment based on assumptions
believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, actual results could vary from these assumptions. It is possible that materially different
amounts would be reported using different assumptions. The following is a description of what we consider to be our most significant accounting
policies and estimates. 31 Table of Contents Leases: The Company determines if a contract
contains a lease at inception. The Company's material long-term operating lease agreements are for the land and buildings for our restaurants
as well as our corporate office. The initial lease terms range from 10 years to 20 years, most of which include renewal options of 10
to 15 years. The lease term is generally the minimum of the noncancelable period or the lease term including renewal options which are
reasonably certain of being exercised up to a term of approximately 20 years. Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized
at the lease commencement date for material leases with a term of greater than 12 months. Operating lease liabilities represent the present
value of future minimum lease payments. Since our leases do not provide an implicit rate, our operating lease liabilities are calculated
using our estimated incremental borrowing rate based on a collateralized borrowing over the term of each individual lease. Minimum lease
payments include only fixed lease components of the agreement, as well as variable rate payments that depend on an index, initially measured
using the index at the lease commencement date. Operating lease assets represent our right to
use an underlying asset and are based upon the operating lease liabilities adjusted for prepaid or accrued lease payments, initial direct
costs and lease incentives. Lease incentives are recognized when earned and reduce our operating lease asset related to the lease. They
are amortized through the operating lease assets as reductions of rent expense over the lease term. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term. Certain of the Company’s operating leases contain clauses that provide for contingent rent based on a
percentage of sales greater than certain specified target amounts. Variable lease payments that do not depend on a rate or index, escalation
in the index subsequent to the initial measurement, payments associated with non-lease components such as common area maintenance, real
estate taxes and insurance, and short-term lease payments (leases with a term with 12 months or less) are expensed as incurred or when
the achievement of the specified target that triggers the contingent rent is considered probable. During the fiscal year ended September
30, 2025, the Company incurred $29,000 of contingent rent. Some of the leases provide for base rent, plus
additional rent based on gross sales, as defined in each lease agreement. The Company is also generally obligated to pay certain real
estate taxes, insurance and common area maintenance charges, and various other expenses related to properties, which are expensed as incurred. Income Taxes : We account for income
taxes under the liability method whereby deferred tax asset and liability account balances are determined based on differences between
the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will be in
effect when the differences are expected to reverse. We provide a valuation allowance, if necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to
their estimated realizable value. We continually review the realizability of our deferred tax assets, including an analysis of factors
such as future taxable income, reversal of existing taxable temporary differences, and tax planning strategies. We assessed whether a
valuation allowance should be recorded against our deferred tax assets based on consideration of all available evidence, using a “more
likely than not” standard. In assessing the need for a valuation allowance, we considered both positive and negative evidence related
to the likelihood of realization of deferred tax assets. In making such assessment, more weight was given to evidence that could be objectively
verified, including recent cumulative income. Future sources of taxable income were also considered in determining the necessity of a
valuation allowance. Based on our review of this evidence, we determined that no valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets was
necessary. If future earnings decrease or the liklihood of deferred tax asset utilization decreases, it is possible that a valuation allowance
would be appropriate. The Company is subject to U.S. federal income
tax and income tax in multiple U.S. state jurisdictions. The Company’s tax years corresponding to the Company’s fiscal years
2022 through 2024 remain open for examination by the authorities under the normal three-year statute of limitations. Should the Company
utilize any of its U.S. or state NOLs, the tax year to which the original loss relates will remain open to examination. The Company believes
that its income tax filings positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that will result
in a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Therefore, no reserves
for uncertain income tax positions have been recorded. The Company’s practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related
to income tax matters in income tax expense. No accrual for interest and penalties was considered necessary as of September 30, 2025. Impairment of Long-Lived Assets : Long-lived
assets, including land, property, equipment, right of use assets and amortizable intangible assets are valued at cost, less accumulated
depreciation, and the net book value of those assets are reviewed quarterly for indicators of impairment. We assess recovery of assets
at the individual restaurant level and typically include an analysis of historical cash flows, operating history, competitive changes
in the trade area, future operating plans, and cash flow projections in assessing whether there are indicators of impairment. Our impairment
assessment process requires the use of estimates and assumptions regarding future cash flows and operating outcomes, which are based upon
a significant degree of management’s judgment, including judgment surrounding the Company’s ability to improve the operating
performance of its restaurants. Recent Accounting Pronouncements The information contained in Note 1 to our Consolidated
Financial Statements included in this report concerning a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including our expected dates
of adoption and the estimated effects on our results of operations and financial condition, is incorporated by reference herein. 32 Table of Contents ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The report of the independent registered public
accounting firm and financial statements listed in the accompanying index are included in Item 15 of this report. See index to the Consolidated
Financial Statements on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE Not applicable. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure
Controls and Procedures: Based on an evaluation of the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act), the Company’s Chief Executive Officer (its principal executive officer) and Senior Vice President
of Finance and Accounting (its principal financial officer) have concluded that the Company’s disclosure controls and procedures
were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. Management’s Report on Internal Control
Over Financial Reporting: Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act). We maintain a system of internal controls that is designed
to provide reasonable assurance in a cost-effective manner as to the fair and reliable preparation and presentation of the consolidated
financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can
provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and presentation. Our management conducted an evaluation of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of September 30, 2025. In making this evaluation, our management used
the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (“COSO”) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework (2013). This evaluation included a review of the documentation of controls, evaluation of the design effectiveness of controls
and a conclusion on this evaluation. Based on this assessment, our management concluded that, as of September 30, 2025, the Company’s
internal control over financial reporting was effective based on these criteria. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include
an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management’s
report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us to provide
only management’s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting: There have been no significant changes in the Company’s internal
control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company’s quarter ended September 30, 2025 that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION a) Disclosure in lieu of reporting on a Current Report on Form 8-K. None. b) Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies. During the quarter ended September 30, 2025, none
of the Company’s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) adopted , modified or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408
of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act of 1933). The Company has adopted an insider trading policy
that governs the purchase, sale, and/or other transactions of our securities by our directors, officers and employees. Although the policy
does not explicitly state that it covers transactions of our securities by the Company itself, the Company conducts transactions in its
own securities consistent with the policy. A copy of our insider trading policy is filed as Exhibit 19.1 to this Annual Report on Form
10-K for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 33 Table of Contents PART III We will file a definitive
proxy statement for our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders with the SEC, pursuant to Regulation 14A, not later than 120 days after the
end of our fiscal year. Accordingly, those sections of our definitive Proxy Statement that specifically address the items set forth herein
are incorporated by reference. Item 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The information required
by Item 10 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. Item 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION The information required
by Item 11 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. Item 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS The information required
by Item 12 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. Item 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The information required
by Item 13 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. Item 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The information required
by Item 14 is hereby incorporated by reference from our definitive proxy statement relating to our 2026 Annual Meeting of Shareholders,
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days following the end of our fiscal year covered by this Form 10-K. PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES a) The following documents have been filed as part of this report or, where noted, incorporated by reference: 1) Financial Statements The Company’s consolidated financial
statements are included beginning on page F-1. 2) Financial Statement Schedules All schedules have been omitted because
the matter or conditions are not present, or the information required to be set forth therein is included in the Company’s consolidated
financial statements and related notes thereto. 3) Exhibits The following exhibits are furnished
as part of this report: Exhibit Description 2.1 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated April 24, 2015, among Good Times Restaurants Inc., FS-BDI Holdings, LLC, Thompson Family Associates, LLC, Keeper Investments, LLC, James C. Verney and Fenner Restaurant Group, LLC (previously filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 28, 2015 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 2.2 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement, dated January 25, 2023 by and among Bad Daddy’s International, LLC and Thompson Family Associates, RFM Ventures, LLC, Richard Miller, Vicki T. Ponce, Covington DeRamus, ACR Capital Ventures, LLC, Bill Duke, Jim Verney and Jim Abbott (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 30, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference) 34 Table of Contents 3.1 (P) Articles of Incorporation of Good Times Restaurants Inc. (previously filed on November 30, 1988 as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-18 (File No. 33-25810-LA) and incorporated herein by reference) 3.2 (P) Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Good Times Restaurants Inc. dated January 23, 1990 (previously filed on January 18, 1990 as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 3.3 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Good Times Restaurants Inc. dated June 15, 1994 (previously filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the registrant’s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed June 7, 2013 (File No. 333-188183) and incorporated herein by reference) 3.4 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of Good Times Restaurants Inc. dated September 23, 1996 (previously filed as Exhibit 3.5 to the registrant’s Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the fiscal year ended September 30, 1996 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 3.5 Certificate of Designations, Preferences, and Rights of Series B Convertible Preference Stock of Good Times Restaurants Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit 1 to the Amendment No. 6 to Schedule 13D filed by The Erie County Investment Co., The Bailey Company, LLLP and Paul T. Bailey (File No. 005-42729) on February 14, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference) 3.6 Certificate of Change of Good Times Restaurants Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 12, 2011 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 3.7 Certificate of Designations, Preferences, and Rights of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock of Good Times Restaurants Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 20, 2012 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 3.8 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Good Times Restaurants Inc. dated April 20, 2023 (previously filed as Exhibit 3.1 on Form 8-K filed April 26, 2023 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (previously filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant’s Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed June 7, 2013 (File No. 333-188183) and incorporated herein by reference) 4.2* Description of Securities 10.1+ Good Times Restaurants Inc. 2008 Omnibus Equity Incentive Compensation Plan (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed January 30, 2008 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 10.2+ Amendment to the Good Times Restaurants Inc. 2008 Omnibus Equity Incentive Compensation Plan dated September 14, 2012 (previously filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed April 26, 2013 (File No. 333-188183) and incorporated herein by reference) 10.3+ Amendment to the Good Times Restaurants Inc. 2008 Omnibus Equity Incentive Compensation Plan (previously filed as Annex B to the registrant’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 25, 2018 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 10.4+ Good Times Restaurants Inc. 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Compensation Plan (previously filed as Annex A to the registrant’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 25, 2018 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 10.5+ Amendment to the Good Times Restaurants Inc. 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Compensation Plan (previously filed as Annex A to the registrant’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed December 18, 2020 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 10.6+ Second Amendment to the Good Times Restaurants Inc. 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (previously filed as Annex A to the registrant’s Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed on December 16, 2021 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference 10.7 Supplemental Agreement dated September 28, 2012 between Good Times Restaurants Inc. and Small Island Investments Limited (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 1, 2012 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 10.8 Amendment to Supplemental Agreement dated October 16, 2012 between Good Times Restaurants Inc. and Small Island Investments Limited (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed October 16, 2012 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 10.9 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated May 2, 2014, among Hoak Public Equities, L.P., Rest Redux LLC, and Small Island Investments Limited (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 7, 2014 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 35 Table of Contents 10.10+ Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated December 24, 2020, between Ryan M. Zink and Good Times Restaurants Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 28, 2020 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 10.11+ First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated September 28, 2022, between Ryan M. Zink and Good Times Restaurants Inc. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 30, 2022 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 10.12 Cadence Bank Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 26, 2023 (Filed No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 10.13 Cadence Bank Security and Pledge Agreement (previously filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 26, 2023 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 10.14 First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated May 22, 2024, by and among Good Times Restaurants Inc., each of its wholly owned subsidiaries and Cadence Bank, N.A. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 29, 2024) 10.15 Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated May 30, 2024, by and among Good Times Restaurants Inc., each of its wholly owned subsidiaries and Cadence Bank, N.A. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 5, 2024) 10.16 Third Amendment to Credit Agreement dated September 30, 2025, by and among Good Times Restaurants Inc., each of its wholly owned subsidiaries and Cadence Bank, N.A. (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3, 2025) 10.17 Agreement, dated March 12, 2018, between Good Times Restaurants Inc. and Robert J. Stetson and where applicable his controlled affiliates, and Charles Jobson and where applicable his controlled affiliates (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed March 13, 2018 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 10.18 Amendment to Agreement, dated April 13, 2018, between Good Times Restaurants Inc. and Robert J. Stetson and where applicable his controlled affiliates, and Charles Jobson and where applicable his controlled affiliates (previously filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed April 17, 2018 (File No. 000-18590) and incorporated herein by reference) 10.19 Cash Incentive Bonus Arrangement for Ryan Zink adopted on February 25, 2025 (previously set forth in the Registrant’s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2025 and incorporated herein by reference 19.1* Good Times Restaurants, Inc. Insider Trading Policy 21.1* Subsidiaries of the Company 23.1* Consent of Baker Tilly US, LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 31.2* Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 32.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 97.1* Good Times Restaurants Inc. Clawback Policy as adopted on November 9, 2023 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document – the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File – the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. *       Filed herewith +       Indicates management
compensatory plan, contract, or arrangement. (P) Paper exhibit. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None. 36 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange
Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. GOOD TIMES RESTAURANTS INC. December 29, 2025 Ryan M. Zink Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, this report has been
signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. /s/ Ryan M. Zink Ryan M. Zink, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) December 29, 2025 /s/ Keri A. August Keri A. August, Senior Vice President of Finance and Accounting (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) December 29, 2025 /s/ Charles Jobson Charles Jobson, Director December 29, 2025 /s/ Jason S. Maceda Jason S. Maceda, Director December 29, 2025 /s/ Sophia Rivka Rossi Sophia Rivka Rossi, Director December 29, 2025 /s/ Jennifer C. Stetson Jennifer C. Stetson, Director December 29, 2025 37 Table of Contents ITEM 15 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS PAGE Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 659 ) F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets – September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations – For the Periods Ended September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity – For the Period from September 26, 2023 through September 30, 2025 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows – For the Periods Ended September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024 F-6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 Table of Contents Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the
Shareholders and the Board of Directors of Good Times
Restaurants Inc. and Subsidiaries Opinion
on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets
of Good Times Restaurants Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of September 30, 2025, and September 24, 2024, the related
consolidated statements of operations, shareholders’ equity, and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes
(collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2025, and September 24,
2024, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis
for Opinion These consolidated financial
      statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the
      Company’s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public
      Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and we are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
      accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission
      and the PCAOB. We conducted
our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits
included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used
and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements.
We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical
Audit Matters Critical
audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required
to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements
and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. /s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP Denver,
Colorado December
29, 2025 We have
served as the Company’s auditor since 2025. F- 2 Table of Contents Good Times Restaurants Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets ( In thousands, except share and per share data ) September 30, 2025 September 24, 2024 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents $ 2,605 $ 3,853 Inventories 1,388 1,419 Receivables 795 890 Prepaid expenses and other 466 395 Total current assets 5,254 6,557 PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT: Land and land improvements 1,113 1,113 Buildings 4,841 4,990 Leasehold improvements 38,194 39,610 Fixtures and equipment 29,781 34,814 Total property and equipment, at cost 73,929 80,527 Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ( 52,061 ) ( 57,730 ) Total net property and equipment 21,868 22,797 OTHER ASSETS: Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 33,618 35,671 Deferred tax assets, net 13,031 12,207 Deposits and other assets 423 273 Trademarks 3,900 3,900 Goodwill 5,713 5,713 Total other assets 56,685 57,764 TOTAL ASSETS: $ 83,807 $ 87,118 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Current maturities of long-term debt $ 32 $ 30 Accounts payable 2,605 3,059 Operating lease liabilities, current 6,267 6,161 Other accrued liabilities 5,474 6,437 Total current liabilities 14,378 15,687 LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: Maturities of long-term debt, net of current portion 2,310 842 Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 33,225 37,396 Deferred and other liabilities 83 105 Total long-term liabilities 35,618 38,343 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (Note 5) SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY: Good Times Restaurants Inc. shareholders’ equity: Preferred stock, $ .01 par value, 5,000,000 shares authorized, zero shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024, respectively - - Common stock, $ .001 par value; 50,000,000 shares authorized, 12,977,433 issued; 10,549,508 and 10,712,367 shares outstanding as of September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024, respectively 13 13 Capital contributed in excess of par value 56,889 56,835 Treasury stock, at cost; 2,427,925 and 2,265,066 shares as of September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024, respectively ( 7,246 ) ( 6,855 ) Accumulated deficit ( 16,598 ) ( 17,622 ) Total Good Times Restaurants Inc. shareholders' equity 33,058 32,371 Non-controlling interests 753 717 Total shareholders’ equity 33,811 33,088 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY $ 83,807 $ 87,118 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements F- 3 Table of Contents Good Times Restaurants Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operations ( In thousands, except share and per share data ) Fiscal Year 2025 2024 (53 Weeks) (52 Weeks) NET REVENUES: Restaurant sales $ 140,614 $ 141,555 Franchise and other revenues 1,016 825 Total net revenues 141,630 142,380 RESTAURANT OPERATING COSTS: Food and packaging costs 43,887 43,704 Payroll and other employee benefit costs 49,277 48,689 Restaurant occupancy costs 10,230 10,087 Other restaurant operating costs 20,737 20,288 Preopening costs 8 - Depreciation and amortization 3,954 3,755 Total restaurant operating costs 128,093 126,523 General and administrative costs 9,734 10,581 Advertising costs 3,315 3,528 Impairment of long-lived assets 627 698 (Gain) loss on lease terminations and asset disposals ( 469 ) 2 Litigation contingencies - ( 332 ) INCOME FROM OPERATIONS 330 1,380 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES): Interest expense ( 196 ) ( 125 ) Other income 140 - Total other income (expenses) ( 56 ) ( 125 ) NET INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAXES 274 1,255 Provision for income taxes 824 624 NET INCOME 1,098 1,879 Income attributable to non-controlling interests ( 74 ) ( 266 ) NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS $ 1,024 $ 1,613 NET INCOME PER SHARE, ATTRIBUTABLE TO COMMON SHAREHOLDERS: Basic $ .10 $ .15 Diluted $ .10 $ .14 WEIGHTED AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING Basic 10,612,449 11,047,152 Diluted 10,703,219 11,147,563 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements F- 4 Table of Contents Good Times Restaurants Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Shareholders’ Equity For the Period from September 26, 2023 thru September 30, 2025 ( In thousands, except share and per share data ) Treasury Stock, at cost Common Stock Capital Contributed Non- Controlling Shares Amount Outstanding Shares Par Value in Excess of Par Value Interest In Partnerships Accumulated Deficit Total BALANCES, September 26, 2023 1,530,846 $ ( 4,908 ) 11,446,587 $ 13 $ 56,701 $ 423 $ ( 19,235 ) $ 32,994 Stock-based compensation cost - - - - 134 - - 134 Treasury shares purchased 734,220 ( 1,947 ) ( 734,220 ) - - - - ( 1,947 ) Income attributable to non-controlling interests - - - - - 266 - 266 Distributions to unrelated limited partners - - - - - ( 172 ) - ( 172 ) Contributions from unrelated limited partners - - - - - 200 - 200 Net income attributable to Good Times Restaurants Inc and comprehensive income - - - - - - 1,613 1,613 BALANCES, September 24, 2024 2,265,066 $ ( 6,855 ) 10,712,367 $ 13 $ 56,835 $ 717 $ ( 17,622 ) $ 33,088 Stock-based compensation cost - - - - 112 - - 112 Cash-settled restricted stock units ( 58 ) ( 58 ) Treasury shares purchased 162,859 ( 391 ) ( 162,859 ) - - - - ( 391 ) Income attributable to non-controlling interests - - - - - 74 - 74 Distributions to unrelated limited partners - - - - - ( 47 ) - ( 47 ) Contributions from unrelated limited partners - - - - - 9 - 9 Net income attributable to Good Times Restaurants Inc and comprehensive income - - - - - - 1,024 1,024 BALANCES, September 30, 2025 2,427,925 $ ( 7,246 ) 10,549,508 $ 13 $ 56,889 $ 753 $ ( 16,598 ) $ 33,811 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements F- 5 Table of Contents Good Times Restaurants Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows ( In thousands ) Fiscal Year 2025 2024 (53 Weeks) (52 Weeks) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net Income $ 1,098 $ 1,879 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 4,049 3,849 Net change in ROU assets and operating lease liabilities ( 1,277 ) ( 856 ) (Gain) on lease terminations ( 813 ) - Recognition of deferred gain on sale of restaurant building ( 13 ) ( 38 ) Loss on asset disposals 115 29 Impairment of long-lived assets 627 698 Stock-based compensation expense 112 134 Provision for income taxes ( 824 ) ( 624 ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Decrease (increase) in: Receivables and prepaids 17 ( 355 ) Inventories 52 - Deposits and other assets ( 157 ) 35 (Decrease) increase in: Accounts payable ( 404 ) 449 Deferred liabilities ( 11 ) ( 4 ) Accrued and other liabilities ( 958 ) ( 66 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 1,613 5,130 CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Payments for the purchase of property and equipment ( 3,067 ) ( 3,142 ) Acquisition of restaurants from franchisees, net of cash acquired ( 504 ) ( 534 ) Lease termination payments ( 350 ) - Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 77 14 Net cash used in investing activities ( 3,844 ) ( 3,662 ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Borrowings from long-term debt 2,250 1,380 Payments on long-term debt ( 780 ) ( 1,258 ) Payment for the purchase of treasury stock ( 391 ) ( 1,947 ) Payment for restricted stock vesting settled in cash ( 58 ) - Contributions from non-controlling interests 9 200 Distributions to non-controlling interests ( 47 ) ( 172 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 983 ( 1,797 ) DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS ( 1,248 ) ( 329 ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, beginning of year 3,853 4,182 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, end of year $ 2,605 $ 3,853 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid for interest $ 206 $ 97 Change in accounts payable attributable to the purchase of property and equipment $ 50 $ ( 25 ) See accompanying notes to consolidated financial
statements F- 6 Table of Contents Good Times Restaurants Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial statements (Tabular dollar amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Organization – Good Times Restaurants
Inc. (Good Times or the Company) is a Nevada corporation. The Company primarily operates through its wholly owned subsidiaries Good Times
Drive Thru, Inc. (“Drive Thru”), BD of Colorado, LLC (“BDCO”), and Bad Daddy’s International, LLC (“BDI”). BDCO was formed by Good Times Restaurants Inc.
in 2013 to develop Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar restaurants in the state of Colorado. Subsequently, BDI was acquired by Good Times Restaurants
Inc. on May 7, 2015. Combined, activities in these entities compose our Bad Daddy’s operating segment, which as of September 30,
2025, operated thirty-eight company-owned, and one licensee full-service small-box casual dining restaurants under the name Bad Daddy’s
Burger Bar, primarily located in the Southeast region of the United States and the state of Colorado and licenses the Bad Daddy’s
brand for use at an airport Bad Daddy’s restaurant under third-party operations and ownership. Drive Thru commenced operations in 1986 and owns,
operates, and franchises drive-thru fast food hamburger restaurants under the name Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard. As of September
30, 2025, the Company operates twenty-one company-owned restaurants and six restaurants owned by a limited partnership in which the Company
is the controlling partner. All twenty-seven Company-operated restaurants are located in Colorado. In addition, as of September 30, 2025,
Drive Thru is the franchisor of three franchisee-owned restaurants, with one operating in Colorado and two in Wyoming. We follow accounting standards set by the Financial
Accounting Standards Board, commonly referred to as the “FASB”. The FASB sets Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“GAAP”)
that we follow to ensure we consistently report our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Fiscal Year – The Company’s
fiscal year is a 52/53-week year ending on the last Tuesday of September. In a 52-week fiscal year, each of the Company’s quarterly
periods comprises 13 weeks. The additional week in a 53-week fiscal year is added to the first quarter, making such quarter consist of
14 weeks. Fiscal year 2025 began September 25, 2024 and ended September 30. 2025. Fiscal year 2024 began September 27, 2023 and ended
September 24, 2024. Principles of Consolidation – The
consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Good Times, its wholly-owned subsidiaries, and one limited partnership in which
the Company exercises control through Drive Thru, the partnership’s general partner. The Company owns an approximate 50 % interest
in the Drive Thru limited partnership, is the sole general partner, and receives a management fee from the partnership. Because the Company
owns an approximate 50 % interest in the partnership and exercises complete management control over all decisions for the partnership,
except for certain veto rights, the financial statements of the partnership are consolidated into the Company’s consolidated financial
statements. The equity interests of the unrelated limited partner are shown on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in the shareholders’
equity section as non-controlling interests and are adjusted each period to reflect the limited partners’ share of the net income
or loss as well as any cash contributions from or cash distributions to the limited partner for the period. The limited partner’s
share of the net income or loss in the entities is shown as non-controlling interest income or expense in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. Additionally, any changes in a parent’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result in deconsolidation
are equity transactions, while changes in ownership interest that would result in deconsolidation of a subsidiary would be recorded as
a gain or loss based on the fair value on the deconsolidation date. All inter-company accounts and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Reclassification – Certain prior
year balances have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation. Such reclassifications had no effect on the
net income. Advertising Costs – We use Advertising
Funds to administer certain advertising programs for both the Bad Daddy’s and Good Times brands that benefit both us and our franchisees.
We and our franchisees are required to contribute a percentage of gross sales to the fund. As such the contributions to these funds are
designated and segregated for advertising. We consolidate the Advertising Funds into our financial statements whereby contributions from
franchisees, when received, are recorded and included as a component of franchise revenues. Contributions to the Advertising Funds from
our franchisees were $ 68,000 and $ 179,000 for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024, respectively. Accounting Estimates – The preparation
of consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates of and assumptions related to the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements,
and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Examples include valuation of reporting units for purposes
of assessing goodwill and other indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment, valuation of asset groups for impairment testing, accruals
for employee benefits, and certain contingencies. We base our estimates on historical experience, market participant fair value considerations,
projected future cash flows, and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could
differ from those estimates. Cash and Cash Equivalents – The Company
considers all highly liquid debt instruments purchased with an initial maturity of three months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company
maintains cash and cash equivalents at financial institutions with balances that generally exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation
(“FDIC”) insured limits of up to $ 250,000 . The Company has not experienced any losses related to such accounts and management
believes that the Company is not exposed to any significant risks on these accounts. F- 7 Table of Contents Inventories – Inventories are stated
at the lower of cost or net realizable value, determined by the first-in first-out method, and consist of restaurant food items and related
packaging supplies. Accounts Receivable – Accounts receivable
include uncollateralized receivables from our franchisees, due in the normal course of business, generally requiring payment within thirty
days of the invoice date. Additionally, accounts receivable include payments due from third-party delivery aggregators, and certain rebates
from our key food and beverage vendors. On a periodic basis the Company monitors all accounts for delinquency and provides for estimated
losses of uncollectible accounts. There were no allowances for unrecoverable accounts receivable at September 30, 2025 and September 24,
2024. Property and Equipment – Property
and equipment are stated at cost and are depreciated using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the related assets,
generally three to eight years . Leasehold improvements are amortized using the straight-line method over the shorter of the term of the
lease or the estimated useful life of the asset. Maintenance and repairs are recorded as expense
when those services are rendered. Expenditures for major improvements that meaningfully extend the life of the underlying asset are capitalized.
When assets are retired, or otherwise disposed of, the property accounts are relieved of costs and accumulated depreciation with any resulting
gain or loss credited or charged to income. Trademarks – Trademarks have been
determined to have an indefinite life. We evaluate our trademarks for impairment annually and on an interim basis as events and circumstances
warrant by comparing the fair value of the trademarks with their carrying amount. No trademark impairment charges were recognized during
the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024. Goodwill – Goodwill represents the
excess of cost over fair value of the assets of businesses the Company acquired. Goodwill is not amortized; but rather, the Company is
required to test goodwill for impairment on an annual basis or whenever indications of impairment arise. The Company considers its operations
to be comprised of two reporting units: (1) Good Times restaurants and (2) Bad Daddy’s restaurants. The following table presents goodwill associated
with each reporting unit as of September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024 (in thousands): September 30, 2025 September 24, 2024 Good Times $ 96 $ 96 Bad Daddy’s 5,617 5,617 Total $ 5,713 $ 5,713 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets –
We review our long-lived assets including land, property and equipment for impairment when there are factors that indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset may not be recoverable. We assess recovery of assets at the individual restaurant level and typically include an analysis
of historical cash flows, future operating plans, and cash flow projections in assessing whether there are indicators of impairment. Recoverability
of assets to be held and used is measured by comparing the net book value of the assets of an individual restaurant to the fair value
of those assets. This impairment process involves judgment in the use of estimates and assumptions pertaining to future projections and
operating results. There were impairments of $ 627,000 in the fiscal
year ended September 30, 2025, related primarily to lease right-of-use assets, one Good Times restaurant and new assets deployed in restaurants
where impairment was previously assessed, and the Company’s current analysis indicated impairment of assets associated with those
restaurants. During the fiscal year ended September 24, 2024, there were impairments of $ 698,000 . Leases – The Company accounts for
leases consistent with Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842) . The Company assesses whether a contract qualifies
as a lease at inception. The Company only held operating leases as of and during the years ended September 30, 2025 and September 24,
2024. The Company’s material long-term operating lease agreements are for the land and buildings for our restaurants as well as
our corporate office. The lease term begins on the date that the Company takes possession under the lease, including the pre-opening period
during construction, when in most cases the Company is not making rent payments. Operating lease assets and liabilities are recognized
at the lease commencement date for material leases with a term of greater than 12 months. Operating lease liabilities represent the present
value of future minimum lease payments. Since our leases do not provide an implicit rate, our operating lease liabilities are calculated
using our estimated incremental borrowing rate based on a collateralized borrowing over the term of each individual lease. Minimum lease
payments include only fixed lease components of the agreement, as well as variable rate payments that depend on an index, initially measured
using the index at the lease commencement date. Operating lease assets represent our right to
use an underlying asset and are based upon the operating lease liabilities adjusted for prepaid or accrued lease payments, initial direct
costs and lease incentives. Lease incentives are recognized when earned and reduce our operating lease asset related to the lease. They
are amortized through the operating lease assets as reductions of rent expense over the lease term. F- 8 Table of Contents Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line
basis over the lease term. In certain situations, lease contracts are amended or otherwise changed. Based upon an analysis of those changes,
specifically whether additional rights have been conveyed and additional lease payments are required, the Company determines whether the
lease warrants remeasurement, or treatment as a separate contract. Certain of the Company’s operating leases contain clauses that
provide for contingent rent based on a percentage of sales greater than certain specified target amounts. Variable lease payments that
do not depend on a rate or index, escalation in the index subsequent to the initial measurement, payments associated with non-lease components
such as common area maintenance, real estate taxes and insurance, and short-term lease payments (leases with a term with 12 months or
less) are expensed as incurred or when the achievement of the specified target that triggers the contingent rent is considered probable.
The Company had four subleases as of September 30, 2025. We disclose details of sublease income and its impact on operating lease expense
in Note 6. Deferred Liabilities – Deferred Liabilities
consist primarily of long-term deferred income in the form of sale-leaseback transactions and vendor signing incentives. Revenue Recognition - Revenues consist primarily of sales from restaurant operations, which
includes third-party delivery sales, and franchise revenue, which includes franchisee royalties and contributions to advertising funds.
The Company recognizes revenue, pursuant to ASU 2014-09, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606) , when it satisfies a
performance obligation by transferring control over a product or service to a customer, typically a restaurant customer or a franchisee/licensee. The Company recognizes revenue from restaurant
sales, including third-party delivery sales, when our performance obligation, namely the provision of food and beverage and the associated
customer service, is satisfied. Restaurant sales are presented net of discounts, coupons, employee meals and complimentary meals, and
are presented net of sales tax. Sales taxes collected from customers are included in other accrued liabilities on our consolidated balance
sheets until the taxes are remitted to the taxing authorities. The Company sells gift cards to customers and
recognizes revenue from gift cards primarily in the form of restaurant revenue. Gift card breakage, which is recognized when the likelihood
of a gift card being redeemed is remote, is determined based upon the Company’s historic redemption patterns, and has historically
been immaterial to our overall financial statements, and breakage for cards sold under the Good Times brand has continued to be so. During
the first quarter of fiscal 2022, the Company sold Bad Daddy’s gift cards with significant aggregate value through third-party retail
partners, many of which were unredeemed as of September 30, 2025 and for which breakage was recognized during fiscal 2025 based upon the
Company’s policy for breakage recognition. Breakage in the amount of $ 504,000 and $ 65,000 was included in Franchise and other
revenues in the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024, respectively. The Company operates a loyalty program known as
GT Rewards. With each purchase, GT Rewards members earn loyalty points that can be redeemed in the future for free products. Activity
related to the reward program is immaterial to the Company’s financial statements for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025
and September 24, 2024. Revenues we receive from our franchise and license
agreements include sales-based royalties, and from our franchise agreements also may include advertising fund contributions, area development
fees, and franchisee fees. We recognize sales-based royalties from franchisees and licensees as the underlying sales occur. We similarly
recognize advertising fund contributions from franchisees as the underlying sales occur. The Company also provides its franchisees with
services associated with opening new restaurants and operating them under franchise and development agreements in exchange for area development
and franchise fees. The Company would capitalize these fees upon receipt from the franchisee and then would amortize those over the contracted
franchise term as the services comprising the performance obligations are satisfied. We have not received material development or franchise
fees in the years presented, and the primary performance obligations under existing franchise and development agreements have been satisfied
prior to the earliest period presented in our financial statements. Preopening Costs – Restaurant preopening
costs are expensed as incurred. Income Taxes – The Company accounts
for income taxes using the asset/liability method, whereby deferred tax asset and liability account balances are determined based on differences
between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities and are measured using the enacted tax rates and laws that will
be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. The Company provides a valuation allowance, if necessary, to reduce deferred
tax assets to their estimated realizable value. The deferred tax assets are reviewed periodically for recoverability and valuation allowances
are adjusted as necessary. The Company is subject to taxation in various
jurisdictions within the U.S. The Company’s tax years corresponding to the Company’s fiscal years 2022 through 2024 remain
open for examination by the authorities under the normal three-year statute of limitations. Should the Company utilize any of its U.S.
or state NOLs, the tax year to which the original loss relates will remain open to examination. The Company believes that its income tax
filing positions and deductions will be sustained on audit and does not anticipate any adjustments that will result in a material adverse
effect on the Company’s financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. Therefore, no reserves for uncertain income tax
positions have been recorded. The Company’s practice is to recognize interest and/or penalties related to income tax matters in
income tax expense. No accrual for interest and penalties was considered necessary as of September 30, 2025. Net Income Per Common
Share – Our basic earnings per share calculation is computed based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding.
Our diluted earnings per share calculation is computed based on the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding adjusted by the
number of additional shares that would have been outstanding had the potentially dilutive common shares been issued. Potentially dilutive
securities for this calculation consist of in-the-money outstanding stock options, restricted stock units and warrants (which were assumed
to have been exercised at the average market price of the common shares during the reporting period). The treasury stock method is used
to measure the dilutive impact of in-the-money stock options. F- 9 Table of Contents The following table reconciles
basic weighted-average shares outstanding to diluted weighted-average shares outstanding: September 30, 2025 September 24, 2024 Weighted-average shares outstanding basic 10,612,449 11,047,152 Effect of potentially dilutive securities: Stock options 1,770 11,161 Restricted stock units 89,000 89,250 Weighted-average shares outstanding diluted 10,703,219 11,147,563 Excluded from diluted weighted-average shares outstanding: Antidilutive 430,786 343,216 Financial Instruments and Concentrations of
Credit Risk – Credit risk represents the accounting loss that would be recognized at the reporting date if counterparties failed
completely to perform as contracted. Concentrations of credit risk (whether on- or off-balance sheet) that arise from financial instruments
exist for groups of customers or counterparties when they have similar economic characteristics that would cause their ability to meet
contractual obligations to be similarly affected by changes in economic or other conditions. Financial instruments with off-balance-sheet
risk to the Company include lease liabilities whereby the Company is contingently liable as a guarantor of certain leases that were assigned
to third parties in connection with various sales of restaurants to franchisees. Financial instruments potentially subjecting the
Company to concentrations of credit risk consist principally of receivables. Receivables consist of the following as of: September 30, 2025 September 24, 2024 Vendor rebates and incentives $ 309 $ 437 Third-party delivery partners 291 280 Franchise and other 131 53 Third-party retailers 64 120 Total $ 795 $ 890 The Company distributes most of its restaurant
food and paper through a single distribution company. The Company believes a sufficient number of other distributors exist from which
food and paper could be warehoused and distributed to prevent any long-term, adverse consequences. The Company operates in two industry segments,
quick-service restaurants and casual dining restaurants. A geographic concentration exists because the Company’s customers are generally
located in Colorado and the Southeast region of the U.S., most significantly in North Carolina. Stock-Based Compensation – Stock-based
compensation is measured at the grant date, based on the calculated fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the
requisite service period (generally the vesting period of the grant). See Note 8 for additional information. Fair Value of Financial Instruments –
Fair value is defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participants at the measurement date. Valuation techniques used to measure fair value maximize the use of observable inputs and
minimize the use of unobservable inputs. The following three levels of inputs may be used
to measure fair value and require that the assets or liabilities carried at fair value are disclosed by the input level under which they
were valued. Level 1: Quoted
market prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities. Level 2: Observable
inputs other than defined in Level 1, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets that are not active;
or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the full term of the assets or
liabilities. Level 3: Unobservable
inputs that are not corroborated by observable market data. Non-controlling Interests - Our non-controlling
interests currently consist of one limited partnership involving six Good Times restaurants in which the Company and non-controlling partner
share equal ownership. The equity interests of unrelated limited partners and members are shown on the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets in the shareholders’ equity section as non-controlling interests and are adjusted each period to reflect the limited partner’s
share of the net income or loss as well as any cash distributions or contributions to the limited partner for the period. The limited
partner’s share of the net income or loss in the partnership is shown as non-controlling interest income or expense in the accompanying
consolidated statements of operations. Additionally, any changes in a parent’s ownership interest in a subsidiary that do not result
in deconsolidation are equity transactions, while changes in ownership interest that would result in deconsolidation of a subsidiary would
be recorded as a gain or loss based on the fair value on the deconsolidation date. All inter-company accounts and transactions are eliminated. Recent Accounting Pronouncements –
As of September 30, 2025, the Company adopted ASU 2023-07-Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures,
which updates reportable segment disclosure requirements primarily through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. The
adoption of ASU 2023-07 did not impact the Company’s results of operations, cash flow, or financial condition. See Note 10 for the
Company’s segment disclosures. F- 10 Table of Contents Certain accounting pronouncements with future
required implementation dates apply to the Company’s consolidated financial statements. The company has reviewed the following pronouncements: ● ASU 2023-09 Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements
to Income Tax Disclosures was issued December 2023 and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. It is to be applied
prospectively. The Company expects to implement ASU 2023-09 prospectively in fiscal year 2026 and does not expect that it will have a
material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements. ● ASU 2024-03 Income Statement – Reporting
Comprehensive Income – Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses was issued
November 2024 and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026 and interim periods beginning after December 17, 2027.
It may be applied either prospectively or retrospectively and early implementation is allowed. The Company is assessing the timing and
method of implementation of this accounting pronouncement but does not expect that it will have a material effect on the Company’s
consolidated financial statements. The Company reviewed all other recently issued
accounting pronouncements and concluded that they were either not applicable or not expected to have a significant impact on the Company’s
consolidated financial statements. 2. Goodwill
and Intangible Assets The following table presents goodwill and intangible
assets as of September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024 (in thousands): September 30, 2025 September 24, 2024 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Indefinite-lived intangible assets: Trademarks $ 3,900 $ - $ 3,900 $ 3,900 $ - $ 3,900 Goodwill $ 5,713 $ - $ 5,713 $ 5,713 $ - $ 5,713 There were no impairments to goodwill or intangible
assets during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024. 3. Notes Payable and Long-Term Debt Cadence Credit Facility The
Company and its wholly owned subsidiaries (the “Subsidiaries”) maintain an amended and restated credit agreement with Cadence
Bank (“Cadence”) pursuant to which, Cadence agreed to loan the Company up to $ 8,000,000 , which has a maturity date of April
20, 2028 (as amended to date, the “Cadence Credit Facility”). The Cadence Credit Facility amended and restated the Company’s
prior credit facility with Cadence in its entirety. The Cadence Credit Facility accrues commitment fees on the daily unused balance of
the facility at a rate of 0.25 %. The loans may from time to time consist of a mixture of SOFR Rate Loans and Base Rate Loans with differing
interest rates based upon varying additions to the Federal Funds Rate, the Cadence prime rate or Term SOFR. Each of the Subsidiaries are
guarantors of the Cadence Credit Facility. Proceeds
from the Cadence Credit Facility, if and when drawn, may be used (i) to fund new restaurant development, (ii) to finance the buyout of
non-controlling partners in certain restaurants, (iii) to finance the redemption, purchase or other acquisition of equity interests in
the Company and (iv) for working capital and other general corporate purposes. The
Cadence Credit Facility includes customary affirmative and negative covenants and events of default. The Cadence Credit Facility also
requires the Company to maintain various financial condition ratios, including minimum liquidity, an amended maximum leverage ratio and
an amended minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. In addition, to the extent the aggregate outstanding balance under the revolver under
the Cadence Credit Facility exceeds $ 4.0 million, the Company is required to meet a new specified leverage ratio, on a pro forma basis,
before making further borrowings as well as certain restricted payments, investments and growth capital expenditures. As of the date of
filing of this report, the Company was in compliance with each of these covenants under the Cadence Credit Facility. As
of September 30, 2025, the interest rate applicable to borrowings under the Cadence Credit
Facility was 7.27 %. As
a result of entering into the Cadence Credit Facility and the various amendments, the Company paid loan origination costs including professional
fees of approximately $ 324,000 and is amortizing these costs over the term of the credit agreement. As of September 30, 2025, the
unamortized balance of these fees was $ 93,000 . In
connection with the Cadence Credit Facility, the Company and the Subsidiaries entered into an Amended and Restated Security and Pledge
Agreement (the “Security Agreement”) with Cadence. Under the Security Agreement, the Cadence Credit Facility is secured by
a first priority security interest in substantially all the assets of the Company and the Subsidiaries. As
of September 30, 2025, there were $ 2,000,000 of borrowings against the facility, all of which
is due during the fiscal year ending September 2028 and is classified as a long-term liability in the accompanying balance sheet. Availability
of the Cadence Credit Facility for borrowings is reduced by the outstanding face value of any letters of credit issued under the facility.
As of September 30, 2025, there were approximately $ 10,000 in outstanding letters of credit
issued under the facility, and approximately $ 5,990,000 of committed funds available. F- 11 Table of Contents Parker
Promissory Note Good Times
Drive Thru, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company is the maker of an unsecured promissory note in connection with the purchase
of the previously franchised Good Times Burgers and Frozen Custard restaurant located in the Denver suburb of Parker, Colorado. JGN Management,
Inc., the former franchisee, is the holder of the note. The Parker Promissory Note fully amortizes over its original ten-year life maturing on June 1, 2034 , carries an interest rate of 5.00 % and is, in all respects, subordinate
to the Cadence Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2025, the outstanding principal balance
on the Parker Promissory Note was $ 342,000 . Annual principal maturities over the next five years are approximately $ 35,000 each
year. Total interest
expense on notes payable was $ 191,000 and $ 108,000 for fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. 4. Other Accrued Liabilities : Other accrued liabilities consist of the following (in thousands): September 30, 2025 September 24, 2024 Wages and other employee benefits $ 2,085 $ 2,681 Taxes, other than income tax 1,400 1,318 Gift card liability, net of breakage 1,096 1,460 General expense accrual and other 893 978 Total $ 5,474 $ 6,437 5. Commitments and Contingencies There may be various claims in process, matters
in litigation, and other contingencies brought against the company by employees, vendors, customers, franchisees, or other parties. Evaluating
these contingencies is a complex process that may involve substantial judgment on the potential outcome of such matters, and the ultimate
outcome of such contingencies may differ from our current analysis. We regularly review the adequacy of accruals and disclosures related
to such contingent liabilities in consultation with legal counsel. While it is not possible to predict the outcome of these claims with
certainty, it is management’s opinion that any reasonably possible losses associated with such contingencies would be immaterial
to our financial statements. 6. Leases The Company’s office space and the land
and buildings related to the Drive Thru and Bad Daddy’s restaurant facilities are classified as operating leases and expire at various
dates over the next 19 years. Some leases contain escalation clauses over the lives of the leases. Most of the leases contain one to three
five-year renewal options at the end of the initial term. Certain leases include provisions for additional contingent rent payments if
sales volumes exceed specified levels. For the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025, the Company incurred $ 29,000 of contingent rent expense.
The Company incurred $ 54,000 of contingent rent expense for the fiscal year ended September 24, 2024. The Company determines if a contract contains
a lease at inception. The Company's material long-term operating lease agreements are for the land and buildings for our restaurants as
well as our corporate office. The initial lease terms for our restaurants range from 10 years to 20 years, most of which at lease inception
included renewal options of 10 to 15 years. The lease term is generally the minimum of the noncancelable period or the lease term including
renewal options which are reasonably certain of being exercised up to a term of approximately 20 years. Some of the leases provide for base rent, plus
additional rent based on gross sales, as defined in each lease agreement. The Company is also generally obligated to pay certain real
estate taxes, insurance and common area maintenance charges, and various other expenses related to properties, which are expensed as incurred. Components of operating lease costs in the consolidated statements
of operations for the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024 are as follows (in thousands): Classification Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Operating lease cost Occupancy, Other restaurant operating costs, preopening costs and General and administrative expenses, net $ 7,531 $ 7,450 Variable lease cost Occupancy 29 54 Sublease income Occupancy ( 495 ) ( 517 ) Total lease expense $ 7,065 $ 6,987 F- 12 Table of Contents Supplemental cash flow disclosures for the fiscal years ended September
30, 2025 and September 24, 2024 (in thousands): Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Cash paid for operating lease liabilities $ 8,349 $ 8,072 Non-cash operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities $ 1,465 $ 242 Weighted average lease term and discount rate are as follows: September 30, 2025 September 24, 2024 Weighted average remaining lease term (in years) 6.67 7.36 Weighted average discount rate 5.4 % 5.2 % Future minimum rent payments for our operating leases for each of the
next five years as of September 30, 2025 are as follows (in thousands): Fiscal year ending September: Total 2026 $ 8,208 2027 7,999 2028 7,240 2029 6,148 2030 5,269 Thereafter 12,346 Total minimum lease payments 47,210 Less: imputed interest ( 7,718 ) Present value of lease liabilities $ 39,492 The above future minimum rental amounts exclude
the amortization of deferred lease incentives, renewal options that are not reasonably assured of renewal, and contingent rent. The Company
generally has escalating rents over the term of the leases and records rent expense on a straight-line basis. 7. Income Taxes Deferred tax assets (liabilities) are comprised of the following at
the period end (in thousands): September 30, 2025 Long Term September 24, 2024 Long Term Deferred income tax assets (liabilities): Tax effect of net operating loss carry-forward $ 3,650 $ 3,426 General business credits 8,576 7,399 Deferred revenue 25 52 Intangibles basis differences 174 547 Long-term lease liability 9,030 9,443 Other future benefits 597 664 Deferred tax assets 22,052 21,531 Less valuation allowance - - Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 22,052 21,531 Partnership/joint venture basis differences ( 145 ) ( 95 ) Property and equipment basis differences ( 1,319 ) ( 1,599 ) ROU asset ( 7,447 ) ( 7,630 ) Other future expense ( 110 ) - Deferred tax liabilities ( 9,021 ) ( 9,324 ) Net deferred tax assets $ 13,031 $ 12,207 The Company has Federal net operating loss carry-forwards
available for future periods, as discussed below, of approximately $ 734,000 from 2025, $ 11,787,000 from 2019 and $ 1,035,000 from 2017
and prior for income tax purposes. The net operating loss carry-forwards from periods prior to 2019 expire between 2029 and 2038. Based
on the changes in control, which occurred in 2011, 2013, and 2017, the utilization of the loss carry-forwards incurred for periods prior
to 2017 is limited to approximately $ 163,000 per year. In addition, the Company has general business tax credits of $ 8,576,000 from 2014
through 2025 which expire from 2034 through 2044. As of September 30, 2025, our deferred tax assets were primarily the result of net operating
loss and tax credit carry-forwards. No valuation allowance was recorded against our gross deferred tax asset balance as of September 30,
2025 or September 24, 2024. As of each reporting date, management considers new evidence, both positive and negative, that could affect
its view of the future realization of deferred tax assets. As of September 30, 2025, management determined that there is sufficient positive
evidence, including the recent cumulative pretax income, potential future taxable income from the acquisition of the non-controlling interests
in several joint interests in fiscal year 2023, recent tempering of inflation pressures, and the utilization of net operating loss carry-forwards
on the most recently filed tax return. Based on the review of this evidence, management determined that there is sufficient positive evidence
to conclude that it is more likely than not deferred taxes assets are realizable and therefore no valuation allowance is necessary. F- 13 Table of Contents The following table summarizes the components of the provision for
income taxes (in thousands): Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Current: Federal $ - $ - State - - - - Deferred: Federal ( 808 ) ( 632 ) State ( 16 ) 8 ( 824 ) ( 624 ) Total income tax benefit $ ( 824 ) $ ( 624 ) The income tax expense for years ended September 30, 2025 and September
24, 2024 differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. Federal statutory tax rate to pre-tax income as follows (in thousands): Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 U.S. Federal tax provision at statutory rate $ 58 $ 208 State (tax benefit) income tax, net of federal tax benefit ( 16 ) ( 2 ) FICA/WOTC tax credits ( 1,170 ) ( 1,126 ) Effect of change in valuation allowance - - Permanent differences 272 281 Impact of noncontrolling interest ( 16 ) - Other 48 15 Provision for income taxes $ ( 824 ) $ ( 624 ) 8. Shareholders’
Equity Preferred Stock The Company has the authority to issue 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock. The Board of Directors has the authority to issue such preferred shares in series and determine the rights
and preferences of the shares as may be determined by the Board of Directors. Common Stock The Company has the authority to issue 50,000,000 shares of common stock with a par value of $ .001 . The Company has issued 12,977,433 shares, and as of September 30, 2025 and September
24, 2024 there were 10,549,508 and 10,712,367 shares outstanding, respectively. Stock Plans The Company has traditionally maintained incentive
compensation plans that include provision for the issuance of equity-based awards. The Company established the 2008 Omnibus Equity Incentive
Compensation Plan in 2008 (the “2008 Plan”) and has outstanding awards that were issued under the 2008 Plan. Subsequently,
the 2008 Plan expired in 2018 and the Company established a new plan, the 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the “2018 Plan”)
that same year, pursuant to shareholder approval. Future awards will be issued under the 2018 plan. Stock-based compensation is measured at the grant
date, based on the calculated fair value of the award, and is recognized as an expense over the requisite service period (generally the
vesting period of the grant). The Company recognizes the impact of forfeitures as forfeitures occur. The Company recorded $ 112,000 and $ 134,000 in
total stock-based compensation expense during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024 respectively, that was
classified as general and administrative costs. Stock Options The Company measures the compensation cost associated
with stock option awards by estimating the fair value of the award as of the grant date using the Black-Scholes pricing model. The Company
believes that the valuation technique and the approach utilized to develop the underlying assumptions are appropriate in calculating the
fair values of the Company’s stock options and stock awards granted during the fiscal years ended September 30, 2025 and September
24, 2024. Estimates of fair value are not intended to predict actual future events or the value ultimately realized by the employees who
receive equity awards. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025,
the Company granted 15,000 Incentive Stock Options vesting ratably over a five-year period. F- 14 Table of Contents During the fiscal year ended September 24, 2024,
the Company granted Mr. Zink 20,000 Incentive Stock Options and Mr. Stack 18,000 Incentive Stock Options, both vesting ratably over a
five-year period. Mr. Stack retired in 2025 and his stock options were forfeited unexercised. In addition to the exercise and grant date prices
of the stock option awards, certain weighted average assumptions that were used to estimate the fair value of stock option grants are
listed in the following table: Incentive and Non-Statutory Stock Options Fiscal 2025 Fiscal 2024 Expected term (years) 6.50 6.25 Expected volatility 59.4 % 62.5 % Risk-free interest rate 4.11 % 4.68 % Expected dividends - - We estimate expected volatility based on historical
weekly price changes of our common stock for a period equal to the current expected term of the options. The risk-free interest rate is
based on the United States treasury yields in effect at the time of grant corresponding with the expected term of the options. The expected
option term is the number of years we estimate that options will be outstanding prior to exercise considering vesting schedules and our
historical exercise patterns. The following table summarizes stock option activity for the fiscal
years ended September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024 under all plans: Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2025 September 24, 2024 Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Yrs.) Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Life (Yrs.) Outstanding at beginning of year 471,216 $ 3.84 437,528 $ 3.95 Options granted 15,000 $ 1.78 38,000 $ 2.51 Options exercised - $ - - $ - Forfeited ( 35,167 ) $ 3.24 ( 4,312 ) $ 2.90 Expired ( 5,263 ) $ 7.79 - $ - Outstanding at end of year 445,786 $ 3.77 3.13 471,216 $ 3.84 4.04 Exercisable at end of year 322,786 $ 3.60 2.45 337,216 $ 3.71 3.28 As of September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024,
the aggregate intrinsic value of the outstanding and exercisable options was $ 3,572 and $ 25,301 , respectively. Only options whose exercise
price is below the current market price of the underlying stock are included in the intrinsic value calculation. As of September 30, 2025, the total remaining
unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options was $ 60,000 and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
period of approximately 3.3 years. There were no stock options exercised during the
fiscal years ended September 30, 2025 or September 24, 2024 Restricted Stock Units and Performance Units Restricted Stock Units (“RSUs”) award
a holder of a grant the right to receive, at the Company’s option, a specified number of shares of common stock or a cash payment
equal to the fair market value (determined as of a specified date) of a specified number of shares of common stock, subject to other conditions
or restrictions as may be determined by the Company to be applicable to any given grant. Performance Units (“PUs”), which are were immaterial to the consolidated financial statements, operate
the same as RSUs, but with performance-based instead of time-based vesting criteria. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2025,
the Company granted 40,000 RSUs and PUs. There were 44,000 RSUs and PUs granted during the fiscal year ended September 24, 2024. The RSUs
and PUs granted during these fiscal years vest over a three-year period from date of grant, with the PUs subject to additional performance-based
vesting criteria. F- 15 Table of Contents A summary of the status of non-vested RSUs and
PUs as of September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024 is presented below. Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2025 September 24, 2024 Shares Grant Date Fair Value Per Share Shares Grant Date Fair Value Per Share Non-vested shares at beginning of year 89,250 $ 2.29 to $ 4.50 45,250 $ 2.29 to $ 4.50 Granted 40,000 $ 1.71 to $ 2.71 44,000 $ 2.52 to $ 2.54 Exercised ( 23,000 ) $ 4.50 - - Forfeited ( 17,250 ) $ 2.29 to $ 2.52 - - Non-vested shares at end of year 89,000 $ 1.71 to $ 2.71 89,250 $ 2.29 to $ 4.50 As of September 30, 2025, there was $ 105,000 of
total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested RSUs and PUs. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average
period of approximately 2.0 years. Non-controlling Interests Non-controlling interests are presented as a separate
item in the shareholders’ equity section of the consolidated balance sheets. The amount of consolidated net income or loss attributable
to non-controlling interests is presented on the face of the consolidated statements of operations. Changes in a parent’s ownership
interest in a subsidiary that do not result in deconsolidation are equity transactions, while changes in ownership interest that do result
in deconsolidation of a subsidiary require gain or loss recognition based on the fair value on the deconsolidation date. The equity interests of the unrelated limited
partners are shown on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in the shareholders’ equity section as a non-controlling interest
and is adjusted each period to reflect the limited partners’ share of the net income or loss as well as any cash contributions or
distributions to or from the limited partners for the period. The limited partners’ share of the net income or loss in the subsidiary
is shown as income or expense attributable to non-controlling interests in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. All
inter-company accounts and transactions are eliminated. The following table summarizes the activity in
non-controlling interests during the year ended September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024 (in thousands): Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2025 September 24, 2024 Balance at beginning of fiscal year $ 717 $ 423 Income attributable to non-controlling interests $ 74 $ 266 Contributions from non-controlling partner $ 9 $ 200 Distributions to non-controlling partner $ ( 47 ) $ ( 172 ) Balance at end of fiscal year $ 753 $ 717 Our non-controlling interests currently represent
a single limited partner in one limited partnership involving six Good Times restaurants, in which the Company owns a 50.0 % interest in
the partnership and maintains contractual management control. 9. Retirement Plan The Company sponsors a qualified defined contribution
401(k) plan for employees meeting certain eligibility requirements. Under the plan, employees are entitled to make contributions on both
a pre-tax basis or after-tax basis (Roth contributions) and the Company makes a safe harbor matching contribution to all participating
employees. The Company will match, on a dollar-for-dollar basis, the first 3 % of eligible pay contributed by employees. The Company also
matches 50 % of each dollar contributed between 3 % and 5 % of eligible pay contributed by employees. The Company may, at its discretion,
make additional contributions to the Plan or change the matching percentage. The Company’s matching contribution expense in the
fiscal years ended September 30, 2025 and September 24, 2024 were $ 276,000 and $ 246,000 , respectively. Matching contributions are generally
made at the same time employee contributions are made. 10. Segment Reporting Our chief operating decision maker (“CODM”)
is the President and Chief Executive Officer. The CODM assesses performance, makes key decisions, and allocates resources at the concept
level and has identified Good Times and Bad Daddy's as our separate operating and reportable segments. The Good Times segment includes
the results of our Company-owned Good Times Burgers & Frozen Custard restaurants, which are located in the United States and operate
within the quick-service restaurant segment of the industry. It also includes royalties and other fees from our franchised locations in
the United States. The Bad Daddy’s segment includes the results of our Company-owned Bad Daddy’s Burger Bar restaurants, which
are located in the United States and operate within the full-service dining restaurant segment of the industry. It also includes license
fees from one licensed location in the United States. Unallocated costs such as human resources, finance, purchasing, restaurant development
and administration are recorded at the Corporate level and are included in Other. The amounts reported for each operating segment contain
allocations from Corporate for items such as technology support, repair and maintenance, marketing and restaurant accounting. In addition,
Corporate collects rent from the Good Times segment related to one restaurant for which the real estate is included in Corporate assets.
There are no material transactions between the Good Times and Bad Daddy’s segments. F- 16 Table of Contents Restaurant sales for each operating segment include
revenues generated by the operation of Company-owned restaurants, which include food and beverage sales, net of discounts. Franchise and
other revenues for each operating segment include franchisee royalties and contributions to advertising funds, license fees, and other
service fees, as well as gift card breakage. Our CODM uses Restaurant-level operating profit as the measure for assessing performance and allocating resources for our segments. Restaurant-level operating profit
is widely regarded in the restaurant industry as a useful metric by which to evaluate restaurant-level operating efficiency and performance.
The Company defines restaurant-level operating profit to be restaurant revenues minus restaurant-level operating costs, excluding restaurant
closures and impairment costs. The measure includes restaurant-level occupancy costs, which include fixed rents, percentage rents, common
area maintenance charges, real estate and personal property taxes, general liability insurance and other property costs, but excludes
depreciation. We do not rely on any major customers as a source
of sales, and the customers and long-lived assets of our operating segments are located in the United States. Prior to fourth quarter 2025, certain general
and administrative expenses now included in Other were combined and reported with our Bad Daddy's segment. In order to better align with
our internal reporting and provide a better representation of restaurant-level operating profit, these expenses have been removed from
the Bad Daddy's segment and are now stated separately in Other. Fiscal 2024 figures have been recast for comparability. The following tables reconcile our segment results
to our consolidated results reported in accordance with GAAP (in thousands): Fiscal Year Ended September 30, 2025 Good Times Bad Daddy's Other Consolidated Restaurant sales $ 39,229 $ 101,385 $ - $ 140,614 Restaurant operating costs: Food and packaging costs 12,367 31,520 - 43,887 Payroll and other employee benefit costs 13,952 35,325 - 49,277 Restaurant  occupancy costs 3,655 6,658 ( 83 ) 10,230 Other restaurant operating costs 5,730 15,373 ( 366 ) 20,737 Restaurant-level
                                            operating profit $ 3,525 $ 12,509 $ 449 $ 16,483 Reconciliation of Restaurant-level operating profit to Net income before income taxes Add: Franchise and other revenues 1,016 Less: Restaurant depreciation and amortization 3,954 Advertising costs 3,315 General and administrative 9,734 Impairment of long-lived assets and ROU assets 627 Gain on lease terminations and asset disposals ( 469 ) Preopening costs 8 Income from
                                            operations 330 Less: Interest and other expense, net 196 Add: Other income 140 Net income before income taxes $ 274 Reconciliation of revenue Restaurant sales $ 39,229 $ 101,385 $ - $ 140,614 Franchise and other revenues 191 825 - 1,016 Total consolidated net revenues $ 39,420 $ 102,210 $ - $ 141,630 Other segment disclosures Restaurant depreciation and amortization $ 964 $ 2,950 $ 40 $ 3,954 Impairment of long-lived assets and ROU assets $ 161 $ 466 $ - $ 627 Capital expenditures $ 2,350 $ 968 $ 147 $ 3,465 Property and equipment, net $ 7,577 $ 14,048 $ 243 $ 21,868 Right-of-use assets, net $ 12,078 $ 20,515 $ 1,025 $ 33,618 Total assets $ 20,859 $ 47,508 $ 15,440 $ 83,807 F- 17 Table of Contents Fiscal Year Ended September 24, 2024 Good Times Bad Daddy's Other Consolidated Restaurant sales $ 38,016 $ 103,539 $ - $ 141,555 Restaurant operating costs: Food and packaging costs 11,549 32,155 - 43,704 Payroll and other employee benefit costs 12,858 35,831 - 48,689 Restaurant occupancy costs 3,411 6,796 ( 120 ) 10,087 Other restaurant operating costs 4,992 15,364 ( 68 ) 20,288 Restaurant-level
                                            operating profit $ 5,206 $ 13,393 $ 188 $ 18,787 Reconciliation of Restaurant-level operating profit to Net income before income taxes Add: Franchise and other revenues 825 Less: Restaurant depreciation and amortization 3,755 Advertising costs 3,528 General and administrative 10,581 Impairment of long-lived assets and ROU assets 698 Loss on restaurant and equipment asset disposals 2 Litigation contingencies ( 332 ) Income from operations 1,380 Less: Interest and other expense, net 125 Net income before income taxes $ 1,255 Reconciliation of revenue Restaurant sales $ 38,016 $ 103,539 $ - $ 141,555 Franchise and other revenues 455 367 3 825 Total consolidated net revenues $ 38,471 $ 103,906 $ 3 $ 142,380 Other segment disclosures Restaurant depreciation and amortization $ 793 $ 2,921 $ 41 $ 3,755 Impairment of long-lived assets and ROU assets $ 9 $ 689 $ - $ 698 Capital expenditures $ 2,264 $ 1,445 $ ( 8 ) $ 3,701 Property and equipment, net $ 5,379 $ 17,157 $ 261 $ 22,797 Right-of-use assets, net $ 11,850 $ 22,646 $ 1,175 $ 35,671 Total assets $ 24,499 $ 53,662 $ 8,957 $ 87,118 11. Subsequent Events None. F-18 0 0 0 0 http://fasb.org/srt/2025#ChiefOperatingOfficerMember 0000825324 false FY 0000825324 2024-09-25 2025-09-30 0000825324 2025-04-01 0000825324 2025-12-22 0000825324 2025-09-30 0000825324 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantSalesMember 2024-09-25 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantSalesMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:FranchiseAndOtherRevenuesMember 2024-09-25 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:FranchiseAndOtherRevenuesMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:TreasuryStockCommonMember 2023-09-25 0000825324 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2023-09-25 0000825324 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2023-09-25 0000825324 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2023-09-25 0000825324 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2023-09-25 0000825324 2023-09-25 0000825324 us-gaap:TreasuryStockCommonMember 2023-09-26 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2023-09-26 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2023-09-26 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2023-09-26 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2023-09-26 2024-09-24 0000825324 2023-09-26 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:TreasuryStockCommonMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:TreasuryStockCommonMember 2024-09-25 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2024-09-25 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2024-09-25 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2024-09-25 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2024-09-25 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:TreasuryStockCommonMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:CommonStockMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:AdditionalPaidInCapitalMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:NoncontrollingInterestMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:RetainedEarningsMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 2023-09-26 0000825324 2025-07-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:DriveThruLimitedPartnershipMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ManagementControlMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 2023-10-01 2024-09-24 0000825324 srt:MinimumMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 srt:MaximumMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:GoodTimesMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:GoodTimesMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:BadDaddysMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:BadDaddysMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2023-10-01 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2023-10-01 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:VendorRebatesAndIncentivesMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:VendorRebatesAndIncentivesMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:ThirdPartyDeliveryPartnersMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ThirdPartyDeliveryPartnersMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:FranchiseAndOtherMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:FranchiseAndOtherMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:ThirdPartyRetailersMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ThirdPartyRetailersMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:TrademarksMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:TrademarksMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:CadenceCreditFacilityMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:CadenceCreditFacilityMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ParkerPromissoryNoteMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ParkerPromissoryNoteMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:TaxYear2025Member 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:TaxYear2019Member 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:TaxYear2017Member 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:IncentiveStockOptionsMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:IncentiveStockOptionsMember gtim:MrZinkMember 2023-10-01 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:IncentiveStockOptionsMember gtim:MrStackMember 2023-10-01 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:EmployeeStockOptionMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:PhantomShareUnitsPSUsMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:PhantomShareUnitsPSUsMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:GoodTimesRestaurantsMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 2024-09-30 0000825324 2023-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2024-09-30 0000825324 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2024-09-30 0000825324 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2024-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2023-09-30 0000825324 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2023-09-30 0000825324 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2023-09-30 0000825324 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2023-10-01 2024-09-24 0000825324 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2023-10-01 2024-09-24 0000825324 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2023-10-01 2024-09-24 0000825324 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 srt:MinimumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 srt:MaximumMember us-gaap:RestrictedStockUnitsRSUMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 srt:MinimumMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 srt:MaximumMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:FoodAndPackagingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:FoodAndPackagingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:FoodAndPackagingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:FoodAndPackagingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:PayrollAndOtherEmployeeBenefitCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:PayrollAndOtherEmployeeBenefitCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:PayrollAndOtherEmployeeBenefitCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:PayrollAndOtherEmployeeBenefitCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantCashOccupancyCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantCashOccupancyCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantCashOccupancyCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantCashOccupancyCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:OtherRestaurantOperatingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:OtherRestaurantOperatingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:OtherRestaurantOperatingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:OtherRestaurantOperatingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantSalesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantSalesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantSalesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantSalesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:FranchiseAndOtherRevenuesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:FranchiseAndOtherRevenuesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:FranchiseAndOtherRevenuesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:FranchiseAndOtherRevenuesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2024-10-01 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2025-09-30 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:FoodAndPackagingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:FoodAndPackagingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:FoodAndPackagingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:FoodAndPackagingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:PayrollAndOtherEmployeeBenefitCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:PayrollAndOtherEmployeeBenefitCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:PayrollAndOtherEmployeeBenefitCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:PayrollAndOtherEmployeeBenefitCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantCashOccupancyCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantCashOccupancyCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantCashOccupancyCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantCashOccupancyCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:OtherRestaurantOperatingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:OtherRestaurantOperatingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:OtherRestaurantOperatingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:OtherRestaurantOperatingCostsMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantSalesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantSalesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantSalesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:RestaurantSalesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:FranchiseAndOtherRevenuesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:FranchiseAndOtherRevenuesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:FranchiseAndOtherRevenuesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:FranchiseAndOtherRevenuesMember gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2023-09-27 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:GoodTimesMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:BadDaddysMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember us-gaap:CorporateMember 2024-09-24 0000825324 gtim:ChiefOperatingDecisionMakerMember gtim:ConsolidatedMember 2024-09-24 iso4217:USD xbrli:shares iso4217:USD xbrli:shares xbrli:pure

