TICKER: HASI
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain vulnerabilities exposed by the Covid-19 pandemic, (2) address a growing consumer segment in favor of “Made in the USA” products, and (3) overcome growing national security concerns stemming from the country's higher dependence on foreign countries for manufacturing goods, particularly for strategic industries like industrial materials, energy products, and semiconductors. Furthered by supportive government policies, culminating in transformative legislation and incentives including the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, the Inflation Reduction Act, and the CHIPS Act, there has been a resurgence of investment in domestic manufacturing in the United States over the last few years. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2025, U.S. spending on construction of manufacturing facilities surpassed an annualized rate of $200 billion, up from approximately $75 billion in 2020. This rise in spending on domestic manufacturing is expected to create a minimum of 250 million square feet of new manufacturing space by 2030, according to NewMark. • The “electrification of everything.” Further driving U.S. load growth higher is the broader trend of electrification expanding to more products and processes that had previously been powered by fossil fuels like diesel, oil, and natural gas. One of the most prominent of these trends is the electrification of on-road transportation. With sales of new light-duty electric vehicles in the United States totaling approximately 1.3 million in 2025, representing 8% of total new car sales, according to the National Automobile Dealers Association, there were more than 7 million light-duty battery electric vehicles registered in the United States at the end of 2025, based on Energy Electric Institute and Cox Automotive data, up from less than 100,000 in 2012. With electric vehicles on U.S. roads expected to grow to approximately 53 million by 2035, according to Bloomberg New Energy Finance’s June 2025 forecast, it is estimated that electric vehicle charging alone could increase annual U.S. electricity demand by more than 175 TWh by 2035. In addition, electrification has taken hold across a number of other sectors of the U.S. economy, including space heating–underscored by annual sales of heat pumps surpassing sales of gas furnaces since 2022–as well as the electrification of industrial processes, including greater adoption of electric furnaces and electric boilers, among other processes and products, which we believe will drive U.S. electricity demand even higher. The second important trend affecting our market and demand for assets we invest in is heightened concern and focus on inflation, and in turn, the desire to supply the expected U.S. load growth over the next decade with the lowest cost and least inflationary sources of electricity. From 2021 to 2023, the United States economy, along with many other economies across the globe, suffered from the first inflation shock in multiple decades. This has led to heightened sensitivity to prices among consumers and businesses, which we believe will lead to extensive effort by businesses and policymakers to minimize inflation in energy prices. We believe this will lead not only to an “all of the above” energy strategy that does not limit any potential sources of energy, but emphasizes a widespread supply of energy from as many sources as possible, with a prioritization of the lowest cost sources of energy. According to the levelized cost of energy (“LCOE”) reports that Lazard Inc. publishes annually, new build solar energy and wind energy now provide the lowest potential cost of electricity in the United States, even on an unsubsidized basis, which we believe will continue to lead to high demand for clean energy infrastructure assets to help minimize energy inflation. The third trend is the recognition of the real and growing financial cost of climate change. According to the Pew Research Center, 51% of U.S. adults in 2025 described climate change as a major threat to the country’s well-being, up from 40% in 2013, while approximately 64% of US. adults in 2024 said renewable energy development should be prioritized over expanding oil, gas, and coal production. Further, we believe the substantial increase over the last several years in both the magnitude and frequency of environmental disasters linked to climate change will lead to greater appreciation not only of the broader impacts of climate change but also the very real financial costs it is incurring as well. According to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (“NOAA”), the year 2025 was the third warmest year on record, while the ten warmest years since 1850 have occurred in the last decade. According to ClimateCentral, a policy-neutral 501(c)(3) nonprofit, in 2025 there were 23 confirmed climate disaster events in the United States with losses exceeding $1 billion that in aggregate accounted for total damage of approximately $115 billion. Over the period from 2016 to 2025, there have been over 200 such events with aggregate costs of $1.5 trillion. It has become clear that climate change is not merely a concern for environmentalists but a real and growing threat to communities across the United States (and globe) that is resulting in substantial and growing financial cost to society. We believe the persistence and possibility of intensification of these events will not only result in even greater recognition of the threat of climate change but a growing appreciation for clean energy and other climate solutions and in turn an increase in the types of sustainable infrastructure investment opportunities that are the focus of HASI’s business model. Finally, the expected growth in U.S. electricity demand combined with the increase in climate events and disasters, as discussed above, is also leading to greater attention to and prioritization of improving the resilience and reliability of the grid. Simultaneously, greater geopolitical conflict and uncertainty along with volatility in fossil fuel prices is leading to growing prioritization of national energy security. We believe renewable energy and storage provide important solutions to both of these - 40 - issues. Distributed energy resources, particularly rooftop solar and battery storage, improve grid resilience, while lowering dependence and utilization of transmission and distribution infrastructure. In addition, renewable energy’s use of freely available natural resources, such as solar and wind energy, reduce the electric grid’s reliance on fossil fuels, which despite higher domestic production, continues to be primarily imported from foreign nations, many of whom are hostile to the United States. As a result, we believe the growing focus on grid reliability and resilience, as well as national energy independence and security, are supportive of growth in clean energy demand in general, and in sustainable infrastructure assets. Altogether, these factors are transforming the U.S. power markets and providing powerful tailwinds to demand for the sustainable infrastructure assets that HASI invests in and the returns we generate on them. In addition to the impact of these long-term trends on the U.S. economy and energy markets, shorter-term movements in both interest rates and energy prices can also impact how we operate and manage our business. Interest rates in particular can impact not only the returns we generate on our investments, but also our cost of funding. The Federal Reserve Board of Governors increased the federal funds rate (the rate at which banks lend to one another) 11 times in 2022 and 2023 for an overall increase of 5.25% to reduce inflation to stated targets. In 2024 and 2025, as inflationary pressures eased, the Board of Governors lowered rates six times for an overall decrease of 1.75%. See “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Interest Rate and Borrowing Risks” for an analysis of the impact of rates on our business. To date, inflationary pressures have not had a material impact on our business. Finally, as most of the sustainable infrastructure assets we invest in are energy projects, energy—and in particular electricity—prices can also impact the pricing and returns we generate on our investments.  After rising more than 5% in 2025, average U.S. retail electricity prices have increased by 29% between 2020 and 2025 and are forecasted to rise a further 4% between 2025 and 2027, according to the Energy Information Administration. Similarly, wholesale electricity capacity prices have risen considerably in key markets such as PJM where capacity prices reached a new record for the third auction in a row at $333 per MW-day in December 2025, and MISO where the average annualized clearing price of approximately $215 per MW-day at the most recent auction in April 2025 increased more than ten times compared to the prior year’s. The increase in electricity prices is a result of the recent growth in U.S. electricity demand and, in our view, underscores the need for an increase in electricity generation capacity across the country. Not only can higher electricity prices impact the pricing and returns of new investments, but we believe they can also increase the value of our existing project investments. For more detail on the impact of energy prices, see “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk—Commodity Price Risk.” Notwithstanding any concerns that current market conditions have raised for our business, we believe significant opportunities exist for us to grow our business. As a long-term participant committed to providing capital for climate solutions, we plan to continue to fund projects that meet our underwriting standards and look for opportunities to expand our business. Factors Impacting our Operating Results We expect that our results of operations will be affected by a number of factors and will primarily depend on the size and mix of our Portfolio, the income we receive from securitizations, syndications and other services, our Portfolio’s credit risk profile, changes in market interest rates, commodity prices, federal, state and/or municipal governmental policies, general market conditions in local, regional and national economies, and our ability to maintain our exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act and the impact of climate change. Portfolio Size and Mix The size and mix of our Portfolio will be a key driver of revenue. Generally, as the size of our Portfolio on our balance sheet grows the amount of our revenue will increase. Our Portfolio may grow at an uneven pace as opportunities to originate new assets may be irregularly timed, and the timing and extent of our success in such originations cannot be predicted. To the extent the size of our Portfolio changes due to equity method investment activity, the income or loss from such investments will not be included in revenue but are reflected as income (loss) from equity method investments in our income statement and will vary over time. In addition, we may decide for any particular asset that we should securitize or otherwise sell a portion, or all, of the asset, which would result in gain on sale of receivables and debt securities or fee income as described below. The level of portfolio activity will fluctuate from period to period based upon the market demand for the capital we provide, our view of economic fundamentals including interest rates, the present mix of our Portfolio, our ability to identify new opportunities that meet our investment criteria, the volume of projects that have advanced to stages where we believe a transaction is appropriate, seasonality in our activities and in the various projects where we may provide debt or equity and our ability to consummate the identified opportunities, including as a result of our available capital. The level of our new origination activity, the percentage of the originations that we choose to retain on our balance sheet and the related income, will directly impact our interest and rental revenue and income from equity method investments. - 41 - Income from Securitization, Management and Origination Fees, and Other Services We earn gain on sale of assets by securitizing or selling all or a portion of certain transactions. For transactions that we securitize via a non-consolidated trust, we recognize a gain on the securitization. The gain may be comprised of either or both cash received and a residual interest in securitized assets. We may also recognize additional income from servicing fees from these securitized assets over the life of the asset. In many cases, we arrange the securitization of the loan or other asset prior to originating the transaction and thus avoid exposure to credit spread and interest rate risks. In these cases, we avoid funding risks for these financings or other assets given that our securitization partners contractually agree to fund such assets before the origination transaction is completed. We view the revenue from such activities as a valuable component of our earnings and an important source of franchise value. We earn origination fees when co-investment structures we manage fund investments that we have sourced on their behalf, and we also earn ongoing management fees based on the assets held within these structures. We may charge advisory, retainer or other fees to third parties, including through our broker dealer subsidiary. The total amount of income from securitizations, management and origination fees, and other services will vary from quarter to quarter depending on various factors, including the level of our originations, the amount of assets within our managed co-investment structures, the duration, credit quality and types of assets we originate, current and anticipated future interest rates, the impact on our leverage, the mix of our Portfolio and our need to tailor our mix of assets in order to maintain our exemption from registration under the 1940 Act. Credit Risks We identify opportunities within our broad areas of expertise and apply our rigorous underwriting processes to our transactions, which, we believe, will generally enable us to minimize our credit losses and maintain our current level of financing costs. In the case of various renewable energy and other sustainable infrastructure projects, we will be exposed to the credit risk of the obligor of the project’s PPA or other long-term contractual revenue commitments, as well as to the credit risk of certain suppliers and project operators. We are also exposed to credit risk in our on-balance sheet financing of projects undertaken by universities, schools and hospitals, as well as privately owned commercial projects. We have extended mezzanine loans to various special purpose entities which own residential or community solar projects, and the ultimate repayment of those loans is dependent on the creditworthiness of the related residential obligors. As a result of investing in these and other mezzanine loans, we are exposed to additional credit risk. In certain instances, interest is paid on our mezzanine loans in-kind, which increases our outstanding loan balances and causes the ultimate repayment of cash to occur later. While we do not anticipate facing significant credit risk in our assets related to government energy efficiency projects, we are subject to varying degrees of credit risk in these projects in relation to payment guarantees provided by ESCOs that are required in the event that certain energy savings are not realized by the customer. We seek to manage credit risk through thorough due diligence and underwriting processes, strong structural protections in our transaction agreements and continual, active asset management and portfolio monitoring. Nevertheless, unanticipated credit losses could occur and during periods of economic downturn in the global economy, our exposure to credit risks from obligors increases, and our efforts to monitor and mitigate the associated risks may not be effective in reducing our credit losses. See “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures” about Credit Risks for further information on our credit risks and see Note 6 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K for additional detail of the credit risks surrounding our Portfolio. Changes in Market Interest Rates and Liquidity Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with new asset originations and our borrowings, including our revolving credit facilities, and in the future, to the extent we choose to enter into any new floating rate assets, revolving credit facilities or other borrowings. We have entered into interest rate derivatives to hedge a portion of the risk associated with our floating rate borrowings. See “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” for further information on interest rates risks and liquidity. Commodity Prices When we make investments in a project that is exposed to commodity prices, we may also be exposed to volatility in those prices. For example, the performance of renewable energy projects that produce electricity can be impacted by volatility in the market prices of various forms of energy, including electricity, coal and natural gas. This is true for utility scale projects that sell power on a wholesale basis and for Behind-the-Meter projects that compete against the retail or delivered costs of electricity, which includes the cost of transmitting the electricity to the end user. See “Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” for further information on the impact of commodity prices. - 42 - Government Policies We make investments in energy transition projects that may benefit from various federal, state or local governmental policies that support or enhance the project’s economic feasibility. Such policies may include governmental initiatives, laws and regulations designed to reduce energy usage and impact the use of renewable energy or the investment in, and the use of, climate solutions. Policies and incentives provided by the U.S. federal government may include tax credits, tax deductions, bonus depreciation, federal grants and loan guarantees, and energy market regulations. The value of tax credits, deductions and incentives and how they can be realized may be impacted by changes in tax laws, rates, or regulations. Incentives provided by state and local governments may include an RPS or similar clean energy standard, which specify the portion of the power utilized by local utilities that must be derived from renewable or clean energy sources. Additionally, certain states have implemented feed-in or net metering tariffs, pursuant to which electricity generated from renewable energy sources is purchased at a higher rate than prevailing wholesale rates. Other incentives include tariffs, tax incentives and other cash and non-cash payments. Commercial entities, developers of sustainable infrastructure projects, and government agencies consider the impacts of these policies and incentives when making decisions on capital expenditures. Government regulations may also impact the terms of third party financing provided to support these projects. If any of these government policies, incentives or regulations are further adversely amended, delayed, eliminated, reduced, retroactively changed or not extended beyond their current expiration dates or there is a negative impact from the recent federal law changes or proposals, the operating results of the projects we finance and the demand for, and the returns available from our investments may decline, which could harm our business. Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates Our financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires the use of estimates and assumptions that involve the exercise of judgment and use of assumptions as to future uncertainties. The following discussion addresses the accounting policies that we use including areas that involve the use of significant estimates. Our most critical accounting policies involve decisions and assessments that could affect our reported assets and liabilities, as well as our reported revenues and expenses. We believe that the decisions and assessments upon which our financial statements are based are reasonable at the time made and based upon information available to us at that time. Our critical accounting policies and accounting estimates may be expanded over time. Those material accounting policies and estimates that we expect to be most critical to an investor’s understanding of our financial results and condition and require complex management judgment are discussed below. See Note 2 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K for further details on our accounting policies. We evaluate our critical accounting estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis and update them, as necessary, based on changing conditions. We have identified the following accounting policies as critical because they require significant judgments and assumptions about highly complex and inherently uncertain matters and the use of reasonably different estimates and assumptions could have a material impact on our reported results of operations or financial condition. Consolidation We account for our investment in entities that are considered voting or variable interest entities under ASC 810, Consolidation . We perform an ongoing assessment as to whether each entity is a voting interest entity or a variable interest entity, and for variable interest entities, we make judgments to determine the primary beneficiary of each entity as required by ASC 810, which includes an assessment of the type and degree of control we have over the entity. If we would conclude that certain of these entities should be consolidated, we would include the entities’ assets, liabilities and related activity in our financial statements, along with non-controlling interests related to the ownership of the other equity holders. Refer to discussion below relating to additional consolidation considerations related to the securitization of receivables. We further discuss our process for evaluating these judgments in Note 2 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. Equity Method Investments For our non-consolidated equity investments that we have concluded contain substantive profit sharing agreements, we generally determine our income allocations under the equity method of accounting based on the change in our claim on net assets of the investee entity as reported by the investee using a method commonly referred to as the hypothetical liquidation at book value method (“HLBV”). This method uses a hypothetical liquidation scenario based upon contractual liquidation provisions that may require judgment in its application and could have a material impact on our reported financial results. Any changes in this method of application or in certain assumptions could either increase or decrease our net income and the carrying value of the assets accounted for under this method. We further discuss our process for applying this method of income allocations in Note 2 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. - 43 - Impairment of our Portfolio We evaluate the various assets in our Portfolio on at least a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or other conditions warrant such an evaluation, for delinquencies or other events that may indicate a potential impairment or specific consideration in the development of the allowance for credit losses. For our equity method investments and real estate, if an impairment charge is deemed appropriate it would be recorded in our income statement and reduce our net income. For our receivables, we make judgments about our expected losses related to the receivables in our Portfolio and record an allowance for credit losses on such receivables with a provision for loss on receivables in our income statement. We further discuss our process for evaluating these judgments in Note 2 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. Securitization of Financial Assets We have established various special purpose entities or securitization trusts for the purpose of securitizing certain receivables or other debt investments. We make judgments, based in part on supporting legal opinions, as to whether these entities should be consolidated as a variable interest entity, as defined in ASC 810, Consolidation, and whether the transfers to these entities are accounted for as a sale of a financial asset or a secured borrowing under ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing . If we would conclude that certain of these special purpose entities or securitization trusts should be consolidated, we would include the assets and liabilities of the entity and their related activity in our financial statements. If sale accounting is not met in these transactions, it would be treated as a secured borrowing rather than a sale in our financial statements, which would result in reduced revenue in the period in which an asset contributed to the trust and an increase in assets and non-recourse debt. We further discuss our process for evaluating these judgments in Note 2 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. We also make assumptions regarding the fair value of our securitization assets in these transferred assets. If our determination of fair value is determined to be incorrect, our gain on sale of receivables and debt securities in our income statement and retained interests in securitization trusts on our balance sheet will be inaccurate. See Note 3 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K for a discussion around fair value measurements. Results of Operations For a comparison of our results of operations for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, see “Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of our annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on February 14, 2025. We completed approximately $4.3 billion of transactions during 2025 and $2.3 billion in 2024. Our strategy includes holding a large portion of these transactions on our balance sheet. We refer to the transactions we hold on our balance sheet as of a given date as our “Portfolio”. Our Portfolio was approximately $7.6 billion as of December 31, 2025 and $6.6 billion December 31, 2024. Portfolio Our Portfolio totaled approximately $7.6 billion as of December 31, 2025, and included approximately $3.9 billion of BTM assets, approximately $2.6 billion of GC assets, and approximately $1.1 billion of FTN assets. Approximately 52% of our Portfolio consisted of equity investments in renewable energy related projects. Approximately 39% consisted of fixed-rate receivables and debt securities, approximately 7% consisted of floating-rate receivables, and 2% of our Portfolio was real estate leased to renewable energy projects under lease agreements. Our Portfolio consisted of over 700 transactions with an average size of $10 million and the weighted average remaining life of our Portfolio (excluding match-funded transactions) of approximately 16 years as of December 31, 2025. Our Portfolio consisted of the following asset classes as of December 31, 2025: - 44 - The table below provides details on the interest rate and maturity of our receivables and debt securities as of December 31, 2025: Balance Maturity (in millions) Floating-rate receivables, interest rates 9.50% or greater per annum $ 507 2027 to 2030 Fixed-rate receivables, interest rates less than 5.00% per annum 43 2029 to 2047 Fixed-rate receivables, interest rates from 5.00% to 6.49% per annum 57 2026 to 2041 Fixed-rate receivables, interest rates from 6.50% to 7.99% per annum 961 2026 to 2069 Fixed-rate receivables, interest rates from 8.00% to 9.49% per annum 828 2026 to 2067 Fixed-rate receivables, interest rates 9.50% or greater per annum 946 2026 to 2050 Receivables (1) 3,342 Less: Allowance for loss on receivables (62) Receivables, net of allowance 3,280 Fixed-rate debt securities, interest rates less than 5.00% per annum 6 2033 to 2047 Fixed-rate debt securities, interest rates from 8.01% to 9.49% per annum 3 2055 Fixed-rate debt securities, interest rates 9.50% or greater per annum 64 2055 Total receivables and debt securities $ 3,353 (1) Excludes receivables held-for-sale of $114 million. The table below presents, for the receivables, debt securities, and real estate related holdings of our Portfolio and our interest-bearing liabilities inclusive of our short-term commercial paper issuances and revolving credit facilities, the average  outstanding balances, income earned, interest expense incurred, and average yield or cost. Our earnings from our equity method investments are not included in this table. - 45 - Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (dollars in millions) Portfolio, excluding equity method investments Interest and rental income from receivables, debt securities, and real estate $ 283 $ 263 $ 225 Average balance of receivables, debt securities, and real estate $ 3,283 $ 3,123 $ 2,722 Average yield from receivables, debt securities, and real estate 8.6 % 8.4 % 8.3 % Debt Interest expense (1) $ 281 $ 241 $ 171 Average balance of debt $ 4,810 $ 4,273 $ 3,437 Average cost of debt 5.8 % 5.6 % 5.0 % (1)    Excludes any loss on debt modification or extinguishment included in interest expense in our income statement. The following table provides a summary of our anticipated principal repayments for our receivables and debt securities as of December 31, 2025: Principal payment due by Period Total Less than 1 year 1-5 years 5-10 years More than 10 years (in millions) Receivables (excluding allowance) $ 3,342 $ 421 $ 1,991 $ 682 $ 248 Debt securities 73 2 8 4 59 See Note 6 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K for information on: • the maturity dates of our receivables and debt securities and the weighted average yield for each range of maturities as of December 31, 2025; • the term of our leases and a schedule of our future minimum rental income under our land lease agreements as of December 31, 2025; • the Performance Ratings of our Portfolio; and • the receivables on non-accrual status. For information on our retained interests in securitization trusts, see Note 5 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. These assets do not have a contractual maturity date and the underlying securitized assets have contractual maturity dates until 2065. - 46 - Comparison of the Year Ended December 31, 2025 to the Year Ended December 31, 2024 Years ended December 31, $ Change % Change 2025 2024 (dollars in thousands) Revenue Interest and rental income $ 286,363 $ 265,887 $ 20,476 8 % Gain on sale of assets 65,089 80,341 (15,252) (19) % Management fees and retained interest income 33,621 26,054 7,567 29 % Origination fee and other income 15,429 11,313 4,116 36 % Total revenue 400,502 383,595 16,907 4 % Expenses Interest expense 292,404 242,364 50,040 21 % Provision for loss on receivables and retained interests in securitization trusts 12,145 1,059 11,086 1,047 % Compensation and benefits 92,460 81,319 11,141 14 % General and administrative 30,677 32,905 (2,228) (7) % Total expenses 427,686 357,647 70,039 20 % Income (loss) before equity method investments (27,184) 25,948 (53,132) (205) % Income (loss) from equity method investments 300,667 247,878 52,789 21 % Income (loss) before income taxes 273,483 273,826 (343) — % Income tax benefit (expense) (85,247) (70,198) (15,049) 21 % Net income (loss) $ 188,236 $ 203,628 $ (15,392) (8) % • Net income decreased by approximately $15 million. Increases in total revenue of $17 million and income from equity method investments of $53 million were offset by increased total expenses of $70 million, while income tax expense increased by $15 million. These results do not include the Non-GAAP earnings adjustment related to equity method investments, which is discussed in the Non-GAAP Financial Measures section. • Interest and rental income income increased by $20 million due to a larger receivable and debt securities portfolio and a higher average interest rate on those assets. See the table above for information on our average receivables, debt securities, and real estate balance and average yield on those assets. Gain on sale of assets decreased by $15 million primarily due to a smaller volume of assets being securitized. Management fees and retained interest income increased by $8 million primarily due to increased fee-generating managed assets. Origination fee and other income increased by $4 million due to fees earned from originating assets on behalf of co-investments structures that we manage. • Interest expense for the year increased by approximately $50 million due to a higher average rate on a higher average debt balance. See the table above for detail on our average debt rate and average debt balance. Provision for loss on receivables increased by $11 million compared to the prior period driven primarily by loan-specific reserves on existing portfolio assets as well as new loans and loan commitments made during the period. • Compensation and benefits increased by $11 million as a result of an increase in our employee headcount and compensation. General and administrative decreased by $2 million as legal fees related to our conversion to a Delaware corporation in the prior year did not recur. • Income from equity method investments increased by $53 million, primarily due to allocations of income in the current period related to tax credits allocated to other investors in a solar project in which we have invested, as those tax credits reduced the tax equity investors ongoing claim on the net assets of the project. These income allocations were partially offset by a loss we were allocated from an investee due to their sale of a project back to the project sponsor as discussed in Note 6 to our audited financial statements. • Income tax expense increased by $15 million primarily driven by a remeasurement of state deferred taxes and adjustments related to changes in estimates made in calculating the Company’s income tax expense. - 47 - Non-GAAP Financial Measures We consider the following non-GAAP financial measures useful to investors as key supplemental measures of our performance: (1) Adjusted Earnings, (2) Adjusted Recurring Net Investment Income, (3) Managed Assets, and (4) Adjusted Cash from Operations plus Other Portfolio Collections. These non-GAAP financial measures should be considered along with, but not as alternatives to, net income or loss as measures of our operating performance. These non-GAAP financial measures, as calculated by us, may not be comparable to similarly named financial measures as reported by other companies that do not define such terms exactly as we define such terms. Adjusted Earnings We calculate Adjusted Earnings as GAAP net income (loss) excluding equity-based expenses, provisions for loss on receivables, amortization of intangibles, losses (gains) from modification or extinguishment of debt facilities, non-cash tax charges and the earnings attributable to our non-controlling interest of our Operating Partnership. We also make an adjustment to eliminate our portion of fees we earn from related-party co-investment structures, and for our equity method investments in the renewable energy projects as described below. We will use judgment in determining when we will reflect the losses on receivables in our Adjusted Earnings, and will consider certain circumstances such as the time period in default, sufficiency of collateral as well as the outcomes of any related litigation. In the future, Adjusted Earnings may also exclude one-time events pursuant to changes in GAAP and certain other adjustments as approved by a majority of our independent directors. We believe a non-GAAP measure, such as Adjusted Earnings, that adjusts for the items discussed above is and has been a meaningful indicator of our economic performance in any one period and is useful to our investors as well as management in evaluating our performance, including as it relates to expected dividend payments over time. Additionally, we believe that our investors also use Adjusted Earnings, or a comparable supplemental performance measure, to evaluate and compare our performance to that of our peers, and as such, we believe that the disclosure of Adjusted Earnings is useful to our investors. Certain of our equity method investments in renewable energy and energy efficiency projects are structured using typical partnership “flip” structures where the investors with cash distribution preferences receive a pre-negotiated return consisting of priority distributions from the project cash flows, in many cases, along with tax attributes. Tax equity investors typically realize a large portion of their return through an allocation of the majority of tax attributes, such as tax depreciation and tax credits, as such credits are realized by the project. Once this preferred return is achieved, the partnership “flips” and the common equity investor, often the operator or sponsor of the project, receives more of the cash flows through its equity interests while the previously preferred investors retain an ongoing residual interest. We have made investments in both the preferred and common equity of these structures. Given our equity method investments are in project companies, they typically have a finite expected life. We typically negotiate the purchase prices of our equity investments based on our underwritten project cash flows discounted back to a net present value, based on a target investment rate, with the cash flows to be received in the future reflecting both a return on the capital (at the investment rate) and a return of the capital we have committed to the project. We use a similar approach in the underwriting of our receivables. Under GAAP, we account for these equity method investments utilizing the HLBV method. Under this method, we recognize income or loss based on the change in the amount each partner would receive if the assets were liquidated at book value, after adjusting for any distributions or contributions made during such quarter. The amount received in a liquidation is typically based on the negotiated profit and loss allocation, which may differ from the allocation of distributable cash in any given period. The amount allocated to a tax equity investor during the hypothetical liquidation is typically reduced over time as tax attributes are allocated to them and they achieve portions of their preferred return. Accordingly, tax equity investors are allocated losses as they receive tax benefits, while the sponsors of the project and other investors subordinate to tax equity are allocated gains of a similar amount. Tax equity investors can generally elect either investment tax credits or production tax credits, which are each recognized over different time periods. This results in different HLBV income profiles despite the fact that cash allocations are typically not directly impacted by such a tax credit election. In addition, the agreed upon allocations of the project’s cash flows may differ materially from the profit and loss allocation used for the HLBV calculations in a given period. The application of the HLBV method described above results in GAAP income or loss in any one period that is often significantly different from the economic returns achieved from the investment in any one period as a result of the impact of tax allocations, the high levels of depreciation and other non-cash expenses that are common to renewable energy projects and the differences between the agreed upon profit and loss and the cash flow allocations. Thus, in calculating Adjusted Earnings, we adjust GAAP net income (loss) for certain of our investments where there are characteristics as described above to take into account our calculation of the return on capital (based upon the underwritten investment rate), as adjusted to reflect the performance of the project and the cash distributed. In calculating the underwritten investment rate, we make certain assumptions, including the timing and amounts of cash flows generated by our investments, which may differ from actual results, and may update this yield to reflect our most current estimates of project performance. We believe this equity method investment adjustment to our GAAP net income (loss) in calculating our Adjusted Earnings measure is an important - 48 - supplement to the income (loss) from equity method investments as determined under GAAP that helps investors understand the economic performance of these investments where HLBV income can differ substantially from the economic returns in any one period. We have acquired equity investments in portfolios of projects which have the majority of the distributions payable to more senior investors in the first few years of the project. The following table provides results related to our equity method investments for the last three years: Years ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (dollars in millions) Income (loss) under GAAP $ 301 $ 248 $ 141 Collections of Adjusted Earnings $ 195 $ 90 $ 39 Return of capital 83 17 24 Cash collected (1) $ 278 $ 107 $ 63 (1)    Cash collected includes $14 million in 2025 and $9 million in 2023 related to debt issuance proceeds from certain of our equity method investees, the repayment of which we have guaranteed. Adjusted Earnings does not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to net income (determined in accordance with GAAP), or an indication of our cash flow from operating activities (determined in accordance with GAAP), or a measure of our liquidity, or an indication of funds available to fund our cash needs, including our ability to make cash distributions. In addition, our methodology for calculating Adjusted Earnings may differ from the methodologies employed by other companies to calculate the same or similar supplemental performance measures, and accordingly, our reported Adjusted Earnings may not be comparable to similar metrics reported by other companies. The table below provides a reconciliation of our GAAP net income (loss) to Adjusted Earnings for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023: - 49 - Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 $ Per Share $ Per Share $ Per Share (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) Net income (loss) attributable to controlling stockholders (1) $ 184,547 $ 1.41 $ 200,037 $ 1.62 $ 148,836 $ 1.42 Adjustments: Reverse GAAP income from equity method investments (300,667) (247,878) (140,974) Adjusted income from equity method investments (2) 327,481 239,032 156,757 Elimination of proportionate share of up-front origination fees earned from co-investment structures (3) (6,844) (1,554) — Elimination of proportionate share of ongoing asset management fees earned from co-investment structures (4) (4,288) (590) — Equity-based expenses 29,885 25,608 19,782 Provision for loss on receivables (5) 12,145 1,059 11,832 Loss (gain) on debt modification or extinguishment (6) 11,171 953 — Amortization of intangibles 11 180 2,473 Non-cash provision (benefit) for income taxes 85,247 70,198 31,621 Current year earnings attributable to non-controlling interest 3,689 3,591 1,921 Adjusted Earnings $ 342,377 $ 2.70 $ 290,636 $ 2.45 $ 232,248 $ 2.23 Shares for Adjusted Earnings per share (7) 126,639,114 118,648,176 104,319,803 (1) The per share data reflects the GAAP diluted earnings per share which is the most comparable GAAP measure to our Adjusted Earnings per share. (2) This is a non-GAAP adjustment to reflect the return on capital of our equity method investments as described above. (3) This adjustment is to eliminate the intercompany portion of up-front origination fees received from co-investment structures that for GAAP net income is included in the Equity method income line item. Since we remove GAAP Equity method income for purposes of our Adjusted Earnings metric, we add back the elimination through this adjustment. (4) This adjustment is to eliminate the intercompany portion of ongoing asset management fees received from co-investment structures that for GAAP net income is included in the Equity method income line item. Since we remove GAAP Equity method income for purposes of our Adjusted Earnings metric, we add back the elimination through this adjustment. (5) In 2024, we concluded that an equity method investment, along with certain loans we had made to this investee, were not recoverable. The equity method investment and loans had a carrying value of $0 due to the losses already recognized through GAAP income from equity method investments as a result of operating losses sustained by the investee. We have excluded this write-off from Adjusted Earnings, as this investment was an investment in a corporate entity which is not a part of our current investment strategy and is immaterial to our Portfolio. The loss associated with these investments is included in our Average Annual Realized Loss on Managed Assets metric disclosed below. (6) Included in Interest expense within our statements of operations. (7) Shares used to calculate Adjusted Earnings per share represents the weighted average number of shares outstanding including our issued unrestricted common shares, restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, long-term incentive plan units, and the non-controlling interest in our Operating Partnership. We include any potential common stock issuances related to share based compensation units in the amount we believe is reasonably certain to vest. As it relates to Convertible Notes, we assess whether the instrument is more akin to debt or equity based on the value of the underlying shares compared to the conversion price during each period. If the instrument is determined to be more debt-like then we will include any related interest expense and exclude the underlying shares issuable upon conversion of the instrument. If the instrument is determined to be more equity-like and is more dilutive when treated as equity then we will exclude any related interest expense and include the weighted average shares underlying the instrument. We will consider the impact of any capped calls we hold in assessing whether an instrument is equity-like or debt like. - 50 - Adjusted Recurring Net Investment Income We have a Portfolio of investments that we finance using a combination of debt and equity, and we also generate recurring income from our retained interests in securitization trusts and from ongoing management fees from our securitization trusts and our co-investment vehicle.  We calculate Adjusted Recurring Net Investment Income as shown in the table below by adjusting GAAP-based net investment income for those earnings adjustments that are applicable to Adjusted Recurring Net Investment Income. We believe that this measure is useful to investors as it shows the recurring income generated by our Portfolio after the associated interest cost of debt financing and from our asset management activities. Our management also uses Adjusted Recurring Net Investment Income in this way. Our non-GAAP Adjusted Recurring Net Investment Income measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. This measure also differs from our previously reported “Adjusted Net Investment Income”, as Adjusted Net Investment Income did not include Management fees and retained interest income. For further information on the adjustments between GAAP-based net investment income and Adjusted Recurring Net Investment Income, including information about our equity method investments, see the discussion above related to Adjusted Earnings. The following is a reconciliation of our GAAP-based net investment income to our Adjusted Recurring Net Investment Income for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023: Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in thousands) Interest and rental income $ 286,363 $ 265,887 $ 229,045 Management fees and retained interest income 33,621 26,054 19,259 Interest expense (292,404) (242,364) (171,008) GAAP-based net investment income (loss) (1) 27,580 49,577 77,296 Adjusted income from equity method investments (2) 327,481 239,032 156,757 Loss (gain) on debt modification or extinguishment (3) 11,171 953 — Amortization of real estate intangibles 11 180 2,473 Elimination of proportionate share of ongoing asset management fees earned from co-investment structures (4) (4,288) (590) — Adjusted Recurring Net Investment Income $ 361,955 $ 289,152 $ 236,526 (1) GAAP-based net investment income (loss) as reported in previous periods was not defined to include Management fees and retained interest income. It has been included here in comparative periods to reflect the new definition. (2) This is a non-GAAP adjustment to reflect the return on capital of our equity method investments as described above. (3) Included in Interest expense within our statements of operations. (4) GAAP net income includes an elimination of the intercompany portion of ongoing asset management fees received from co-investment structures in the Equity method income line item. Since GAAP Equity method income is not a component of this metric, we include the elimination of the management fee through this adjustment. Managed Assets We consolidate assets on our balance sheet, securitize assets off-balance sheet, and manage assets in which we coinvest with other parties via equity method investments. Therefore, certain of our receivables and other assets are not reflected on our balance sheet where we may have a residual interest in the performance of the investment, such as a retained interest in cash flows. Thus, we present our investments on a non-GAAP “Managed Assets” basis. We believe that our Managed Asset information is useful to investors because it portrays the amount of both on- and off-balance sheet assets that we manage, which enables investors to understand and evaluate the credit performance associated with our portfolio of receivables, equity investments and residual assets in off-balance sheet assets. Our management also uses Managed Assets in this way. Our non-GAAP Managed Assets measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. The following is a reconciliation of our GAAP-based Portfolio to our Managed Assets as of December 31, 2025 and 2024: - 51 - As of December 31, 2025 2024 (dollars in millions) Equity method investments $ 4,116 $ 3,612 Receivables, net of allowance 3,280 2,896 Receivables held-for-sale 114 76 Real estate and debt securities 76 10 GAAP-based Portfolio 7,586 6,594 Assets held in securitization trusts 7,220 6,809 Fee-generating assets held in co-investment structures (1) 951 300 Non-fee generating assets held in co-investment structures (2) 314 — Managed Assets $ 16,071 $ 13,703 (1) Represents assets in our co-investment structures which are attributable to our co-investors and on which we earn an asset management fee. Total assets in co-investment structures are $1.9 billion and $0.6 billion as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. There are $1.6 billion of closed transactions which have not yet funded as of December 31, 2025. (2) Represents assets in our co-investment structures which are not attributable to our co-investors, and therefore are not fee-generating. Such assets are attributable to us but were financed with debt issued by the co-investment structure and therefore are not reflected in the carrying value of the equity method investment we hold in the structure. The following shows our Managed Assets by asset class as of December 31, 2025: Adjusted Cash from Operations plus Other Portfolio Collections - 52 - We operate our business in a manner that considers total cash collected from our Portfolio after making necessary operating and debt service payments to assess the amount of cash we have available to fund dividends and investments. We believe that the aggregate of these items, which together we present as a non-GAAP financial measure titled Adjusted Cash from Operations plus Other Portfolio Collections, is a useful measure of the liquidity generated from our assets to fund both new investments and our regular quarterly dividends. This non-GAAP financial measure may not be comparable to similarly titled or other similar measures used by other companies. Although there is also not a directly comparable GAAP measure that demonstrates how we consider cash available for dividend payment and reinvestment, below is a reconciliation of this measure to Net cash provided by operating activities. Adjusted Cash from Operations plus Other Portfolio Collections also differs from Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities in that it excludes many of the uses of cash used in our investing activities such as Equity method investments, Purchases of and investments in receivables, Purchases of debt securities, and Collateral provided to and received from hedge counterparties. In addition, Adjusted Cash from Operations plus Other Portfolio Collections is not comparable to Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities in that it excludes many of our financing activities such as proceeds from common stock issuances and borrowings and repayments of unsecured debt. Cash available for reinvestment is a non-GAAP measure which is calculated as Adjusted Cash from Operations Plus Other Portfolio Collections less dividend and distribution payments made during the period. We believe Cash Available for Reinvestment is useful as a measure of our ability to make incremental investments from internally generated capital after factoring in all necessary cash outflows to operate the business. Management uses Cash Available for Reinvestment in this way, and we believe that our investors use it in a similar fashion. For the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities $ 167,317 $ 5,852 $ 99,689 Changes in receivables held-for-sale 23,759 29,273 (51,538) Equity method investment distributions received (1) 59,416 39,142 30,140 Proceeds from sales of equity method investments — 9,472 — Principal collections from receivables 705,675 600,652 197,784 Proceeds from sales of receivables 8,344 171,991 7,634 Proceeds from sales of land — 115,767 — Principal collections from debt securities (2) 1,849 47 3,805 Proceeds from the sale of a previously consolidated VIE (2) — 5,478 — Proceeds from sales of debt securities and retained interests in securitization trusts — 5,390 — Principal payments on non-recourse debt (7,136) (72,989) (21,606) Adjusted Cash from Operations plus Other Portfolio Collections $ 959,224 $ 910,075 $ 265,908 Less: Dividends and distributions (209,776) (192,269) (159,786) Cash Available for Reinvestment $ 749,448 $ 717,806 $ 106,122 (1)    Represents return of capital distributions from our equity method investments included in cash provided by (used in) investing activities section of our statement of cash flows which is incremental to any equity method investment distributions found in net cash provided by operating activities. (2)    Included in Other in the cash provided (used in) investing activities section of our statement of cash flows. - 53 - For the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in thousands) Components of adjusted cash flow from operations plus other portfolio collections: Cash collected from our Portfolio $ 1,199,907 $ 891,250 $ 442,322 Cash collected from sale of assets (1) 33,389 325,051 34,034 Cash used for compensation and benefit expenses and general and administrative expenses (89,088) (85,519) (78,681) Interest paid (2) (227,867) (172,679) (138,418) Management fees and retained interest income and origination fees and other income 50,170 33,044 26,506 Principal payments on non-recourse debt (7,136) (72,989) (21,606) Other (151) (8,083) 1,751 Adjusted Cash from Operations plus Other Portfolio Collections $ 959,224 $ 910,075 $ 265,908 (1)    Includes cash from the sale of assets on our balance sheet as well as securitization transactions. (2)    Interest paid includes cash benefits of $25 million and $20 million from the settlement of derivatives which were designated as cash flow hedges for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Adjusted Return on Equity Adjusted Return on Equity is a measure of the economic performance of our invested equity capital. Adjusted Return on Equity is calculated as our adjusted earnings divided by our average stockholder’s equity for the period. The direct comparable GAAP measure is GAAP-based return on equity, which we have presented below. Adjusted Return on Equity differs from GAAP-based return on equity in that the numerator of the calculation contains those adjustments described in the Adjusted Earnings section above. We believe that Adjusted Return on Equity gives investors an understanding into our performance after considering the effects of financial leverage. Our management uses it in this way and we believe that our investors use it in a similar fashion, and as such, we believe that its disclosure is useful to our investors. For the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in thousands) GAAP Net Income $ 188,236 $ 203,628 $ 150,757 Average Stockholders’ Equity (1) 2,561,639 2,293,276 1,911,797 GAAP-based return on equity 7.3 % 8.9 % 7.9 % Adjusted Earnings $ 342,377 $ 290,636 $ 232,248 Average Stockholders’ Equity (1) 2,561,639 2,293,276 1,911,797 Adjusted Return on Equity 13.4 % 12.7 % 12.1 % (1)    For 2025, we changed the methodology for our calculation of Average Stockholders’ Equity to be calculated as the average of the Stockholders’ Equity at the end of the preceding year and as of the end each of the year’s four quarters. We have recast prior periods to conform with this calculation methodology. Other Measures and Metrics Average Annual Realized Loss on Managed Assets Average Annual Realized Loss on Managed Assets represents the average annual rate of our incurred losses, calculated as the amount of realized losses incurred in each year as a percentage of each year’s average annual Managed Assets. This metric is calculated on the ten year period ending December 31, 2025. Incurred losses include both realized losses on equity method investments and realized credit losses on receivables and debt securities. Although there is not a direct comparable GAAP measure, we have presented average annual recognized loss on Managed Assets as calculated under GAAP for comparison. Average Annual Realized Loss on Managed Assets differs from average annual recognized loss on Managed Assets as calculated under GAAP as the timing is based on realization of loss rather than GAAP recognition. We believe that Average Annual Realized Loss on Managed Assets provides an additional metric to our underwriting quality over our history of - 54 - investing in energy transition assets and infrastructure. Our management uses it in this way and we believe that our investors use it in a similar fashion to evaluate our investment performance, and as such, we believe that its disclosure is useful to our investors. The table below shows these metrics as of December 31, 2025 is: Average Annual Recognized Loss (GAAP) on Managed Assets 0.13 % Average Annual Realized Loss on Managed Assets 0.08 % Portfolio Yield We calculate Portfolio Yield as the weighted average underwritten yield of the investments in our Portfolio as of the end of the period. Underwritten yield is the rate at which we discount the expected cash flows from the assets in our Portfolio to determine our purchase price. In calculating an investment’s underwritten yield, we make certain assumptions, including the timing and amounts of cash flows generated by our investments, which may differ from actual results, and may update this yield to reflect our most current estimates of project performance. We believe that Portfolio Yield provides an additional metric to understand certain characteristics of our Portfolio as of a point in time. Our management uses Portfolio Yield this way and we believe that our investors use it in a similar fashion to evaluate certain characteristics of our Portfolio compared to our peers, and as such, we believe that the disclosure of Portfolio Yield is useful to our investors. Our Portfolio Yield measure may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. Our Portfolio totaled approximately $7.6 billion as of December 31, 2025. Unlevered Portfolio Yield was 8.8% as of December 31, 2025 and 8.3% as of December 31, 2024. See Note 6 to our audited financial statements and “MD&A—Our Business” in this Form 10-K for additional discussion of the characteristics of our Portfolio as of December 31, 2025. Human Capital Metrics As part of our broader human capital strategy, we monitor and disclose certain metrics which help us understand our workforce. As of December 31, 2025, we employed 173 people full-time, 5 people part-time, and 16 people as independent contractors. The average tenure of our full-time employees as of December 31, 2025, was approximately 4.5 years, and more than 40% of our employees had been employed by us for more than 4 years. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we had a voluntary employee turnover rate of 5%. There were no retirements or resignations related to ill health. As discussed in “Item 1. Business—Human Capital Strategy”, we believe that fostering an internal culture of belonging that is supportive and allows people of all backgrounds to flourish lends itself to the highest levels of Company performance and facilitates the attraction and retention of best-in-class talent. We track and report internally on key talent metrics including workforce demographics, critical role pipeline data, diversity data, and engagement and inclusion metrics. These metrics are actively managed and reported to our executive leadership as well as our Board. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity is a measure of our available cash and committed short-term borrowing capacity. We carefully manage and forecast our liquidity sources and uses on a frequent basis. Our sources of liquidity typically include collections from our Portfolio, cash proceeds from asset sales and securitizations, fee revenue, proceeds from debt transactions, and proceeds from equity transactions. Our uses of liquidity typically include funding investments, operating expenses including cash compensation, interest and principal payments on our debt, and stockholder dividends and limited partner distributions. We pay our operating expenses, our debt service, and dividends from collections on our Portfolio, fee income and proceeds from sales of Portfolio investments. We use borrowings as part of our financing strategy to increase potential returns to our stockholders. We have available to us a broad range of financing sources to finance our investments including secured or unsecured debt, equity and off-balance sheet securitization or co-investment structures. We maintain sufficiently available liquidity in the form of unrestricted cash and immediately available capacity on our credit facilities to manage our net cash flow. Below is a summary of our available liquidity by source: As of December 31, 2025 (in millions) Unrestricted cash $ 110 Unused capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility (1) 1,546 Unused capacity under our Credit-enhanced Commercial Paper Program 125 Total liquidity $ 1,781 - 55 - (1)    As a credit enhancement for our Standalone Commercial Paper Notes, we reserve capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility for the principal amount of any outstanding Standalone Commercial Paper Notes. As of December 31, 2025, that reserved capacity was $226 million, and we have presented the available capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility of $1.8 billion as reduced by that amount. Capital markets activity during the year ended December 31, 2025 During the year ended December 31, 2025, we increased the available capacity available under our unsecured revolving credit facility to $1.825 billion, adding five additional banks. We issued $600 million principal amount of senior notes due 2031 and $400 million principal amount of senior notes due 2035, and used the proceeds of the notes issuances to complete a cash tender offer to repurchase $400 million and $300 million of senior notes due 2026 and 2027, respectively. We issued $500 million principal amount of 2056 junior subordinated notes, which credit rating agencies consider to be partly equity under their rating methodologies, and therefore reduces our reliance on equity issuances to maintain our credit ratings. We repaid $220 million of Convertible Notes with existing liquidity, and issued $237 million in equity through our at-the-market equity program. In November 2025, we entered into an agreement that provides for a delayed-draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $250 million, available to be drawn during the period from March 16, 2026 through the earlier of June 15, 2026 or the date when the full principal amount is drawn. Drawn loans, if any, mature on June 15, 2028. The facility has a commitment fee during the availability period, and bears interest at a rate of SOFR or alternative base rate plus applicable margins based on our current credit rating. The current applicable margins are 1.650% for SOFR-based loans and 0.650% for alternative base rate-based loans. As discussed in Note 6 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K, in 2024 we entered into a strategic partnership with KKR called CCH1, under which we each had committed at inception to invest $1 billion in eligible projects over an 18 month period. In 2025, the commitment was increased to $1.5 billion of which $913 million remains to be funded by each of us as of December 31, 2025. The commitment period was extended to conclude in December 2027 to allow additional time to invest the additional equity commitments as well as the proceeds of senior notes issued by CCH1. Such senior notes allow CCH1 to invest in assets in amounts incremental to commitments of the investors. Maturities of recourse debt obligations In addition to general operational obligations, which are typically paid as incurred, and dividends and distributions, which are declared by our Board quarterly, we have potential future cash needs related to the payments due at maturity of our Commercial Paper Notes, Senior Notes, Junior Subordinated Notes, Convertible Notes and Term Loan facilities. We also have maturities related to our non-recourse debt. However, as it relates to the non-recourse debt, to the extent there are not sufficient cash flows received from investments pledged as collateral for such debt, the investor has no recourse against other corporate assets to recover any shortfalls and corporate cash contributions would not be required. As it relates to the Convertible Notes, those obligations may be settled at maturity with cash, or with the issuance of shares to the extent that the market price of our common stock exceeds the strike price on our Convertible Notes. For further information on our long-term debt, see Note 8 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. The maturity profile of our recourse debt obligations is shown in the table below. Amounts exclude $226 million principal amount of Standalone Commercial Paper Notes which mature in 2026, as we have reserved capacity under our credit facility for such amounts as described above. - 56 - Additional borrowings and financial leverage management As a means of financing our business, we plan to continue to issue debt which may be either secured or unsecured and either fixed-rate or floating-rate and may issue additional equity. We also expect to use both on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet securitizations. We also use separately funded special purpose entities or co-investment vehicles to allow us to expand the investments that we make or to manage Portfolio diversification. The decision as to how we finance specific assets or groups of assets is largely driven by risk, portfolio, and financial management considerations, including the potential for gain on sale or fee income, the overall interest rate environment including prevailing credit spreads, the terms of available financing, and financial market conditions. During periods of market disruptions, certain sources of financing may be more readily accessible than others which may impact our financing decisions. Over time, as market conditions change, we may use other forms of debt and equity in addition to these financing arrangements. The amount of financial leverage we may use will depend upon our target capital structure and the availability of particular types of financing and our assessment of the credit, liquidity, price volatility and other risks of such assets, and the interest rate environment. As shown in the table below, our debt to equity ratio was approximately 1.7 to 1 as of December 31, 2025, below our current Board-approved leverage limit of up to 2.5 to 1. Our percentage of fixed-rate debt including the impact of our interest rate derivatives was approximately 99% as of December 31, 2025, which is within our targeted fixed rate debt percentage range of 75% to 100%. Our targeted fixed-rate debt range allows for percentages as low as 70% on a short term basis if we intend to repay or swap floating rate borrowings in the near term. The calculation of our fixed-rate debt and financial leverage as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 is shown in the chart below: December 31, 2025 % of Total December 31, 2024 % of Total (dollars in millions) (dollars in millions) Floating-rate borrowings (1) $ 49 1 % $ — — % Fixed-rate debt (2) 5,100 99 % 4,400 100 % Total debt $ 5,149 100 % $ 4,400 100 % Debt for leverage calculation (3) $ 4,899 $ 4,400 Equity for leverage calculation (3) 2,908 2,405 Leverage 1.7 to 1 1.8 to 1 - 57 - (1) Floating-rate borrowings include borrowings under our floating-rate credit facilities and commercial paper issuances with less than six months original maturity, to the extent such borrowings are not hedged using interest rate derivatives. (2) Fixed-rate debt includes the impact of our interest rate derivatives on debt that is otherwise floating. Debt excludes securitizations that are not consolidated on our balance sheet. Since the borrowing rate associated with our junior subordinated notes is fixed for the first five years until which time we have the option to redeem them, we have included those notes as fixed-rate debt. (3) Our leverage ratio includes the impact, as approved by our Board and as consistent with the methodologies of the credit rating agencies, of reflecting our $500 million principal amount of junior subordinated notes outstanding as of December 31, 2025 as being 50% equity. We intend to use financial leverage for the primary purpose of financing our Portfolio and business activities and not for the purpose of speculating on changes in interest rates. While we may temporarily exceed the leverage limit, if our Board approves a material change to this limit, we anticipate advising our stockholders of this change through disclosure in our periodic reports and other filings under the Exchange Act. While we generally intend to hold our target assets that we do not securitize upon acquisition as long-term investments, certain of our investments may be sold in order to manage our interest rate risk and liquidity needs, to meet other operating objectives or to adapt to market conditions. The timing and impact of future sales of receivables, debt securities, or equity method investments, if any, cannot be predicted with any certainty. We may, at any time and from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity or debt, in open-market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will be upon such terms and at such prices as we may determine, and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. We believe our identified sources of liquidity will be adequate for purposes of meeting our short-term and long-term liquidity needs, which include funding future investments, debt service, operating costs and distributions to our stockholders. Sources and Uses of Cash We had approximately $145 million and $150 million in unrestricted cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. The following table summarizes our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023. See our statements of cash flows for full details on the components of each category of cash flows. As discussed above, Adjusted Cash from Operations plus Other Portfolio Collections was $959 million for the year ended December 31, 2025. For the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Cash provided by (used in) operating activities $ 167 $ 6 $ 100 Cash provided by (used in) investing activities (856) (131) (1,993) Cash provided by (used in) financing activities 684 200 1,792 Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash $ (5) $ 75 $ (101) Discussion of significant changes in cash provided by operating activities Net cash provided by operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $161 million higher than the year ended December 31, 2024. Net income was $15 million lower in the current period, which was offset by lower net negative adjustments to net income of $176 million when compared to the prior period. $151 million of the overall increase is driven by additional equity method investment distributions being considered operating in nature under GAAP in the current period. Discussion of significant changes in cash used in investing activities Net cash used in investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $725 million higher than in the year ended December 31, 2024. In 2025, we invested $488 million more in portfolio assets, and received $294 million less from the sale of assets. This was partially offset by greater principal collections from receivables and investing equity method investment distributions of $125 million. Discussion of significant changes in cash provided by financing activities Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2025 was $483 million higher than the year ended December 31, 2024. Net credit facility and commercial paper activity was $501 million higher than in the prior year. We had higher net long-term borrowing inflows of $62 million in the current year. These amounts were partially offset by $95 million net decrease in cash provided to (received from) hedge counterparties. - 58 - Supplemental Guarantor Information The Company and each of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P., Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC. HAC Holdings I LLC, HAC Holdings II LLC, HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC (the “Subsidiary Guarantors”) have filed registrations statement with the SEC pursuant to which the Company has offered, and may in the future, offer and sell debt securities from time to time and such securities may be guaranteed by the Subsidiary Guarantors. The Subsidiary Guarantors are consolidated in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements and separate Consolidated Financial Statements of the Subsidiary Guarantors have not been presented in accordance with Rule 3-10 of Regulation S-X. Furthermore, as permitted under Rule 13-01(a)(4)(vi), the Company has excluded the summarized financial information for the Subsidiary Guarantors as the assets, liabilities and results of operations of the Company and the Subsidiary Guarantors are not materially different than the corresponding amounts presented in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company, and management believes such summarized financial information would be repetitive and not provide incremental value to investors. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements We have relationships with non-consolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as structured investment vehicles, special purpose entities, or variable interest entities, established to facilitate the sale of securitized assets. We have  retained interests in securitization trusts (including any outstanding servicer advances) of approximately $310 million as of December 31, 2025 , that may be at risk in the event of defaults or prepayments in our securitization trusts and certain limited guarantees as discussed below. We have not guaranteed any obligations of our non-consolidated entities or entered into any commitment or intent to provide additional funding to any such entities except as disclosed in Note 9 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. A more detailed description of our relations with non-consolidated entities can be found in Note 2 of our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. Additionally, we have made certain loans to equity method investees which we describe in Note 6 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. In connection with some of our transactions, we have provided certain limited guarantees to other transaction participants covering the accuracy of certain limited representations, warranties or covenants and provided an indemnity against certain losses from “bad acts” including fraud, failure to disclose a material fact, theft, misappropriation, voluntary bankruptcy or unauthorized transfers. In some transactions, we have also guaranteed our compliance with certain tax matters, such as negatively impacting the investment tax credit and certain other obligations in the event of a change in ownership or our exercising certain protective rights. Dividends Any distributions we make will be at the discretion of our Board and will depend upon, among other things, our actual results of operations. These results and our ability to pay distributions will be affected by various factors, including the net interest and other income from our assets, our operating expenses and any other expenditures. In the event that our Board determines to make distributions in excess of the income or cash flow generated from our assets, we may make such distributions from the proceeds of future offerings of equity or debt securities or other forms of debt financing or the sale of assets. Our Board approved of our conversion to a C-Corporation in 2024 effective in that tax year. Prior to this conversion, we elected to be taxed as a REIT during tax years 2023 and previous. U.S. federal income tax law generally requires that a REIT distribute annually at least 90% of its REIT taxable income, without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains, and that it pays tax at regular corporate rates to the extent that it annually distributes less than 100% of its REIT taxable income. As a REIT, we paid quarterly distributions, which on an annual basis equaled or exceeded substantially all of our REIT taxable income. The taxable income of the REIT would vary from our GAAP earnings due to a number of different factors including the book to tax timing differences of income and expense recognition from our transactions as well as the amount of taxable income of our TRS distributed to the REIT. See Note 10 to our financial statements in this Form 10-K regarding the amount of our distributions that are treated as ordinary taxable income to our stockholders. The dividends declared in 2025 and 2024 are described in Note 11 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. - 59 - Book Value Considerations As of December 31, 2025, we carried only our debt securities, receivables held-for-sale for which we had elected the fair value option, if any, retained interests in securitization trusts, and our derivatives at fair value on our balance sheet. As a result, in reviewing our book value, there are a number of important factors and limitations to consider. Other than our those assets listed above which are carried at fair value on our balance sheet, the carrying value of our remaining assets and liabilities are typically determined using a cost basis approach in accordance with GAAP, adjusted for income or loss recognized on and cash collected from such assets. Other than the allowance for current expected credit losses applied to our receivables, our remaining assets and liabilities do not incorporate other factors that may have a significant impact on their value, most notably any impact of business activities, changes in estimates, or changes in general economic conditions, interest rates or commodity prices since the dates the assets or liabilities were initially recorded. Accordingly, our book value does not necessarily represent an estimate of our net realizable value, liquidation value or our fair market value. Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk We anticipate that our primary market risks will be related to the credit quality of our counterparties and project companies, market interest rates, the liquidity of our assets, commodity prices and environmental factors. We will seek to manage these risks while, at the same time, seeking to provide an opportunity to stockholders to realize attractive returns through ownership of our common stock. Credit Risks We source and identify quality opportunities within our broad areas of expertise and apply our rigorous underwriting processes to our transactions, which, we believe, will generally enable us to minimize our credit losses and maintain access to attractive financing. Through our investments in various projects, we will be exposed to the credit risk of the obligor of the project’s PPA or other long-term contractual revenue commitments, as well as to the credit risk of certain suppliers and project operators. We have invested in mezzanine loans and, as a result, we are exposed to additional credit risk. We are exposed to credit risk in our other projects that do not benefit from governments obligors such as on-balance sheet financing of projects undertaken by universities, schools and hospitals, as well as privately owned commercial projects. While we do not anticipate facing significant credit risk in our assets related to government energy efficiency projects, we are subject to varying degrees of credit risk in these projects in relation to guarantees provided by ESCOs where payments under energy savings performance contracts are contingent upon achieving pre-determined levels of energy savings. We seek to manage credit risk through thorough due diligence and underwriting processes, strong structural protections in our transaction agreements with customers and continual, active asset management and portfolio monitoring. Nevertheless, unanticipated credit losses could occur and during periods of economic downturn in the global economy, our exposure to credit risks from obligors increases, and our efforts to monitor and mitigate the associated risks may not be effective in reducing our credit risks. We use a risk rating system to evaluate projects that we target. We first evaluate the credit rating of the offtakers or counterparties involved in the project using an average of the external credit ratings for an obligor, if available, or an estimated internal rating based on a third-party credit scoring system. We then estimate the probability of default and estimated recovery rate based on the obligors’ credit ratings and the terms of the contract. We also review the performance of each investment, including through, as appropriate, a review of project performance, monthly payment activity and active compliance monitoring, regular communications with project management and, as applicable, its obligors, sponsors and owners, monitoring the financial performance of the collateral, periodic property visits and monitoring cash management and reserve accounts. The results of our reviews are used to update the project’s risk rating as necessary. Additional detail of the credit risks surrounding our Portfolio can be found in Note 6 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. Interest Rate and Borrowing Risks Interest rate risk is highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations and other factors beyond our control. We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with new asset originations and our floating-rate borrowings, and in the future, any new floating rate assets, credit facilities or other borrowings. Because short-term borrowings are generally short-term commitments of capital, lenders may respond to market conditions, making it more difficult for us to secure continued financing. If we are not able to renew our then existing borrowings or arrange for new financing on terms acceptable to us, or if we default on our covenants or are otherwise unable to access funds under any of these borrowings, we may have to curtail our origination of new assets and/or dispose of assets. We face particular risk in this regard given that we expect many of our borrowings will have a shorter duration than the assets they finance. Increasing interest rates may reduce the demand for our investments while declining interest rates may increase the demand. Both our current and future revolving credit facilities and other borrowings may be of limited duration and are periodically refinanced at then current market rates. We attempt to reduce interest rate risks and to minimize exposure to interest rate fluctuations through the use of fixed rate financing structures, when appropriate, whereby we seek to (1) match the maturities of our debt obligations with the maturities of our assets, (2) borrow at - 60 - fixed rates for a period of time or (3) match the interest rates on our assets with like-kind debt (i.e., we may finance floating rate assets with floating rate debt and fixed-rate assets with fixed-rate debt), directly or through the use of interest rate derivatives or other financial instruments, or through a combination of these strategies. We expect these instruments will allow us to minimize, but not eliminate, the risk that we must refinance our liabilities before the maturities of our assets and to reduce the impact of changing interest rates on our earnings. In addition to the use of traditional derivative instruments, we also seek to mitigate interest rate risk by using securitizations, syndications and other techniques to construct a portfolio with a staggered maturity profile. We monitor the impact of interest rate changes on the market for new originations and often have the flexibility to negotiate the terms of our investments to offset interest rate increases. Typically, our long-term debt, or that of the projects in which we invest if applicable, is at fixed rates or may at times be fixed using interest rate hedges that convert most of the floating rate debt to fixed rate debt. If interest rates rise, and our fixed rate debt balance remains constant, we expect the fair value of our fixed rate debt to decrease and the value of our hedges, if any, on floating rate debt to increase. See Note 3 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K for the estimated fair value of our fixed rate long-term debt, which is based on upon the terms of comparable debt that could have been borrowed at the date presented, at prevailing current market interest rates. We have $5.1 billion of debt with either fixed rates or which we have hedged pursuant to strategies described above to hedge floating rate debt. We have $49 million of debt with variable interest rates outstanding as of December 31, 2025, including any unhedged portions of loans under our term loan facility, revolving credit facilities and borrowings under our commercial paper program. Future increases in interest rates would result in higher interest expense while future decreases in interest rates would result in lower interest expense. A 50 basis point increase in benchmark interest rates would increase the quarterly interest expense related to the $49 million in floating-rate borrowings by $61 thousand. Such hypothetical impact of interest rates on our variable rate borrowings does not consider the effect of any change in overall economic activity that could occur in a rising interest rate environment. Further, in the event of such a change in interest rates, we may take actions to further mitigate our exposure to such a change. However, due to the uncertainty of the specific actions that would be taken and their possible effects, the analysis assumes no changes in our financial structure. We record certain of our assets at fair value in our financial statements and any changes in the discount rate would impact the value of these assets. See Note 3 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. Liquidity and Concentration Risk The assets that comprise our Portfolio are not and are not expected to be publicly traded. A portion of these assets may be subject to legal and other restrictions on resale or will otherwise be less liquid than publicly-traded securities. The illiquidity of our assets may make it difficult for us to sell such assets if the need or desire arises, including in response to changes in economic and other conditions. Many of our assets, or the collateral supporting those assets, are concentrated in certain geographic areas and markets, which may make those assets or the related collateral more susceptible to market or environmental disruptions. As it relates to environmental risks, when we underwrite and structure our investments the environmental risks and opportunities are an integral consideration to our investment parameters. See also “Credit Risks” discussed above. Commodity and Environmental Attribute Price Risk When we make equity or debt investments in an energy transition project that acts as a substitute for an underlying commodity, we may be exposed to volatility in prices for that commodity. The performance of renewable energy projects that produce electricity or natural gas can be impacted by volatility in the market prices of various forms of energy, including electricity, coal and natural gas. This is especially true for GC utility scale projects that sell power on a wholesale basis, as BTM projects compete against the retail or delivered costs of electricity which includes the cost of transmitting and distributing the electricity to the end user. Projects in which we invest, or in which we may plan to invest, may also be exposed to volatility in the prices of environmental attributes which the project may produce, such as renewable energy credits (“RECs”) or renewable identification numbers (“RINs”). Although we generally focus on renewable energy projects that have the majority of their operating cash flow supported by long-term PPAs or leases, many of the projects in which we invest have shorter term contracts (which may have the potential of producing higher current returns) or sell their power, energy or environmental attributes in the open market on a merchant basis. The cash flows of certain projects, and thus the repayment of, or the returns available for, our assets, are subject to risk if energy or environmental attribute prices change. We also attempt to mitigate our exposure through structural protections. These structural protections, which are typically in the form of a preferred return mechanism, are designed to allow recovery of our capital and an acceptable return over time. When structuring and underwriting these transactions, we evaluate these transactions using a variety of scenarios, including natural gas prices remaining low for an extended period of time. As energy or environmental attribute price volatility continues or as PPAs expire, the cash flows from certain of our projects in which we have invested are exposed to these market conditions. We work with the projects sponsors to minimize any impact as part of our on-going active asset management and portfolio monitoring. We often invest in utility scale solar projects by owning the - 61 - land under the project where our rent is paid out of project operational costs before the debt or equity in the project receives any payments. Certain of the projects in which we invest may also be obligated to physically deliver energy under PPAs or related agreements, and to the extent they are unable to do so may be negatively impacted. Certain PPAs or related agreements may also price power at a different location than the location where power is delivered to the grid, and the projects may be negatively impacted to the extent to which these prices differ. To the extent transmission and distribution infrastructure in geographies in which we invest is not able to accommodate additional power, additional renewable penetration from other new projects in certain geographic areas could decrease the revenues of our projects. Risk Management Our ongoing active asset management and portfolio monitoring processes provide investment oversight and valuable insight into our origination, underwriting and structuring processes. These processes create value through active monitoring of the state of our markets, enforcement of existing contracts and asset management. As described above, we engage in a variety of interest rate management techniques that seek to mitigate the economic effect of interest rate changes on the values of, and returns on, some of our assets. We seek to manage credit risk using thorough due diligence and underwriting processes, strong structural protections in our loan agreements with customers and continual, active asset management and portfolio monitoring. Additionally, we have a Finance and Risk Committee of our Board which discusses and reviews policies and guidelines with respect to our risk assessment and risk management for various risks, including, but not limited to, our interest rate, counter party, credit, capital availability, refinancing risks, and cybersecurity risks. As it relates to natural event risks, when we underwrite and structure our investments, the environmental risks and opportunities are an integral consideration to our investment parameters. While we cannot fully protect our investments, we seek to mitigate these risks by using third party experts to conduct engineering and weather analysis and insurance reviews as appropriate. Weather-related risks are at times managed in cooperation with our clients where they buy offsetting power positions to mitigate power market disruptions or operational impacts. Once a transaction has closed we continue to monitor the environmental risks to the Portfolio. - 62 - Item 8.    Financial Statements and Supplementary Data HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., Consolidated Financial Statements, For the Years Ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42 ) 64 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42) 66 Consolidated Balance Sheets 66 Consolidated Statements of Operations 68 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 69 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity 70 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 71 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 73 - 63 - Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (the Company) as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) (collectively referred to as the “consolidated financial statements”). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2025 and 2024, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework), and our report dated February 13, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matter The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. - 64 - Accounting for Equity Investments Description of the Matter As discussed in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company makes investments that are accounted for under the equity method of accounting. As of December 31, 2025, the Company held $4.12 billion of equity investments. As described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements, for equity method investments that contain preferences with regard to cash flows from operations, capital events and liquidation in their respective limited liability company agreements (“LLC Agreements”), the Company applies the Hypothetical Liquidation at Book Value (“HLBV”) method to record its share of profits and losses on these investments, which is recorded one quarter in arrears to allow for receipt of financial information from its investees. Auditing the Company’s application of the HLBV method was challenging and inherently complex, because the application is based on its interpretations of the liquidation provisions outlined within investees’ LLC Agreements. How We Addressed the Matter in Our Audit We tested the Company’s controls that address the risks of material misstatement relating to the recognition of its share of investees’ profits and losses through use of the HLBV method based on financial information reported to the Company from its investees. For example, we tested the controls over management’s review of the HLBV method, including the application of any liquidation provisions and the financial information reported from their investees. We tested the Company’s application of the HLBV method for a sample of investments. Our audit procedures included, among others, involving tax professionals to assist in evaluating the Company’s application of the liquidation provisions within the LLC Agreements. Specifically, we assessed the Company’s HLBV calculations by agreeing provisions of the calculations, such as the application of stated preferred returns and allocation of tax attributes, to the terms of the LLC Agreements for each of these investments. We also performed additional procedures on the Company’s HLBV calculations that included, but were not limited to, recalculating the stated preferred returns, recalculating allocations of tax attributes, comparing inputs included within the calculations to the information reported to the Company by its investee, and recalculating the Company’s share of profits and losses of the investee. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP We have served as the Company’s auditor since 1983. Tysons, Virginia February 13, 2026 - 65 - Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. Opinion on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting We have audited HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc.’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on criteria established in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. (the Company) maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025, based on the COSO criteria. We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of the Company as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2025, and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in the Index at Item 15(a)(2) and our report dated February 13, 2026 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. Basis for Opinion The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. /s/ Ernst & Young LLP Tysons, Virginia February 13, 2026 - 66 - HA SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Assets Cash and cash equivalents $ 110,218 $ 129,758 Equity method investments 4,115,909 3,612,394 Receivables, net of allowance of $ 62 million and $ 50 million, respectively ($ 629 million and $ 822 million from equity method investees, respectively) 3,280,046 2,895,837 Receivables held-for-sale 113,938 75,556 Real estate and available-for-sale debt securities 76,291 9,802 Retained interests in securitization trusts, net of allowance of $ 3 million and $ 3 million, respectively 299,739 248,688 Other assets 191,824 108,210 Total Assets $ 8,187,965 $ 7,080,245 Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Liabilities: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other $ 380,702 $ 275,639 Credit facilities 46,184 1,001 Commercial paper notes 225,212 100,057 Term loans payable 386,391 407,978 Non-recourse debt (secured by assets of $ 311 million and $ 307 million, respectively) 124,561 131,589 Senior notes 3,466,048 3,139,363 Junior subordinated notes 497,560 — Convertible notes 403,438 619,543 Total Liabilities 5,530,096 4,675,170 Stockholders’ Equity: Preferred stock, par value $ 0.01 per share, 50,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding — — Common stock, par value $ 0.01 per share, 450,000,000 shares authorized, 127,644,496 and 118,960,353 shares issued and outstanding, respectively 1,276 1,190 Additional paid-in capital 2,849,597 2,592,964 Accumulated deficit ( 323,071 ) ( 297,499 ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 47,076 40,101 Non-controlling interest 82,991 68,319 Total Stockholders’ Equity 2,657,869 2,405,075 Total Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity $ 8,187,965 $ 7,080,245 See accompanying notes. - 67 - HA SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA) Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Revenue Interest and rental income ($ 64 million, $ 81 million, and $ 68 million from equity method investees, respectively) $ 286,363 $ 265,887 $ 229,045 Gain on sale of assets 65,089 80,341 68,637 Management fees and retained interest income 33,621 26,054 19,259 Origination fee and other income 15,429 11,313 2,930 Total revenue 400,502 383,595 319,871 Expenses Interest expense 292,404 242,364 171,008 Provision (benefit) for loss on receivables and retained interests in securitization trusts 12,145 1,059 11,832 Compensation and benefits 92,460 81,319 64,344 General and administrative 30,677 32,905 31,283 Total expenses 427,686 357,647 278,467 Income (loss) before equity method investments ( 27,184 ) 25,948 41,404 Income (loss) from equity method investments 300,667 247,878 140,974 Income (loss) before income taxes 273,483 273,826 182,378 Income tax (expense) benefit ( 85,247 ) ( 70,198 ) ( 31,621 ) Net income (loss) 188,236 203,628 150,757 Net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest holders 3,689 3,591 1,921 Net income (loss) attributable to controlling stockholders $ 184,547 $ 200,037 $ 148,836 Basic earnings (loss) per common share $ 1.49 $ 1.72 $ 1.45 Diluted earnings (loss) per common share $ 1.41 $ 1.62 $ 1.42 Weighted average common shares outstanding—basic 122,975,541 115,548,087 101,844,551 Weighted average common shares outstanding—diluted 138,183,870 130,501,006 109,467,554 See accompanying notes. - 68 - HA SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Net income (loss) $ 188,236 $ 203,628 $ 150,757 Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities and retained interests in securitization trusts, net of tax (provision) benefit of $( 8.8 ) million, $ 4.1 million and $ 1.8 million in 2025, 2024, and 2023 respectively 26,953 ( 11,754 ) 12,761 Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps, net of tax (provision) benefit of $ 6.5 million, $( 13.5 ) million, and $( 3.3 ) million in 2025, 2024, and 2023 respectively ( 19,782 ) 39,173 10,764 Comprehensive income (loss) 195,407 231,047 174,282 Less: Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interest holders 3,885 4,074 1,884 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to controlling stockholders $ 191,522 $ 226,973 $ 172,398 See accompanying notes. - 69 - HA SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY (AMOUNTS IN THOUSANDS) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interest Total Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 90,837 $ 908 $ 1,924,200 $ ( 285,474 ) $ ( 10,397 ) $ 35,509 $ 1,664,746 Net income (loss) — — — 148,836 — 1,921 150,757 Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities and retained interests in securitization trusts — — — — 12,935 ( 174 ) 12,761 Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps — — — — 10,627 137 10,764 Issued shares of common stock 21,267 213 493,544 — — — 493,757 Equity-based compensation — — 3,089 — — 15,296 18,385 Issuance (repurchase) of vested equity-based compensation shares 69 1 ( 1,490 ) — — — ( 1,489 ) Conversion of convertible notes — — 2 — — — 2 Purchase of capped calls ( 37,835 ) — — — ( 37,835 ) Dividends and distributions — — — ( 166,898 ) — ( 3,325 ) ( 170,223 ) Balance at December 31, 2023 112,173 $ 1,122 $ 2,381,510 $ ( 303,536 ) $ 13,165 $ 49,364 $ 2,141,625 Net income (loss) — — — 200,037 — 3,591 203,628 Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities and retained interests in securitization trusts — — — — ( 11,546 ) ( 208 ) ( 11,754 ) Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps — — — — 38,482 691 39,173 Issued shares of common stock 6,750 68 205,917 — — — 205,985 Equity-based compensation — — 4,293 — — 18,858 23,151 Issuance (repurchase) of vested equity-based compensation shares 27 — ( 530 ) — — — ( 530 ) Other 10 — 1,774 — — ( 403 ) 1,371 Dividends and distributions — — — ( 194,000 ) — ( 3,574 ) ( 197,574 ) Balance at December 31, 2024 118,960 $ 1,190 $ 2,592,964 $ ( 297,499 ) $ 40,101 $ 68,319 $ 2,405,075 Net income (loss) — — — 184,547 — 3,689 188,236 Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities and retained interests in securitization trusts — — — — 26,403 550 26,953 Unrealized gain (loss) on interest rate swaps — — — — ( 19,428 ) ( 354 ) ( 19,782 ) Issued shares of common stock 8,469 85 239,508 — — — 239,593 Equity-based compensation — — 5,192 — — 21,840 27,032 Other 215 1 11,933 — — ( 6,980 ) 4,954 Dividends and distributions — — — ( 210,119 ) — ( 4,073 ) ( 214,192 ) Balance at December 31, 2025 127,644 $ 1,276 $ 2,849,597 $ ( 323,071 ) $ 47,076 $ 82,991 $ 2,657,869 See accompanying notes. - 70 - HA SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (DOLLARS IN THOUSANDS) Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income (loss) $ 188,236 $ 203,628 $ 150,757 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for loss on receivables and retained interests in securitization trusts 12,145 1,059 11,832 Depreciation and amortization 780 1,003 3,127 Amortization of financing costs 15,329 17,039 12,958 Equity-based expenses 29,885 25,608 19,782 Equity method investments ( 81,875 ) ( 179,747 ) ( 108,025 ) Non-cash gain on securitization ( 40,043 ) ( 70,685 ) ( 43,542 ) (Gain) loss on sale of receivables and debt securities — 7,299 1,305 Loss on debt extinguishment 10,850 — — Changes in receivables held-for-sale ( 23,759 ) ( 29,273 ) 51,538 Changes in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other 104,456 101,410 48,485 Change in accrued interest on receivables and debt securities ( 68,471 ) ( 78,639 ) ( 44,105 ) Cash received (paid) upon hedge settlement 24,515 20,311 — Other ( 4,731 ) ( 13,161 ) ( 4,423 ) Net cash provided by operating activities 167,317 5,852 99,689 Cash flows from investing activities Equity method investments ( 447,938 ) ( 396,613 ) ( 869,412 ) Equity method investment distributions received 59,416 39,142 30,140 Proceeds from sales of equity method investments — 9,472 — Purchases of and investments in receivables ($ 177 million, $ 246 million, and $ 324 million to equity method investees, respectively) ( 1,043,493 ) ( 667,140 ) ( 1,338,860 ) Principal collections from receivables ($ 346 million, $ 322 million, and $ 36 million from equity method investees, respectively) 705,675 600,652 197,784 Proceeds from sales of receivables 8,344 171,991 7,634 Proceeds from sale of real estate — 115,767 — Purchases of debt securities and retained interests in securitization trusts ( 70,558 ) ( 10,537 ) ( 14,404 ) Proceeds from sales of debt securities and retained interests in securitization trusts — 5,390 — Collateral provided to hedge counterparties ( 10,300 ) ( 27,090 ) ( 93,550 ) Collateral received from hedge counterparties 8,360 27,570 84,950 Other ( 65,333 ) 204 2,915 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ( 855,827 ) ( 131,192 ) ( 1,992,803 ) - 71 - Years Ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from credit facilities 1,180,000 1,296,792 1,177,000 Principal payments on credit facilities ( 1,135,000 ) ( 1,696,792 ) ( 827,000 ) Proceeds from (repayments of) commercial paper notes 125,500 70,000 30,000 Proceeds from issuance of term loan — 250,000 365,000 Principal payments on term loan ( 23,645 ) ( 567,952 ) ( 16,478 ) Proceeds from issuance of non-recourse debt — 94,000 — Principal payments on non-recourse debt ( 7,136 ) ( 72,989 ) ( 21,606 ) Proceeds from issuance of senior notes 996,174 1,199,956 550,000 Principal payments on convertible notes ( 200,000 ) — ( 143,748 ) Redemption of senior notes ( 700,000 ) ( 400,000 ) — Proceeds from issuances of junior subordinated notes 500,000 — — Proceeds from issuance of convertible notes — — 402,500 Purchase of capped calls related to the issuance of convertible notes — — ( 37,835 ) Net proceeds of common stock issuances 236,740 203,528 492,377 Payments of dividends and distributions ( 209,776 ) ( 192,269 ) ( 159,786 ) Redemption premium and fees paid ( 8,395 ) — — Payment of financing costs ( 19,061 ) ( 30,331 ) ( 22,894 ) Collateral provided to hedge counterparties ( 135,280 ) ( 151,330 ) ( 166,600 ) Collateral received from hedge counterparties 88,390 199,300 176,050 Other ( 4,935 ) ( 1,498 ) ( 4,756 ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 683,576 200,415 1,792,224 Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ( 4,934 ) 75,075 ( 100,890 ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 150,157 75,082 175,972 Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period $ 145,223 $ 150,157 $ 75,082 Interest paid $ 252,382 $ 192,960 $ 138,418 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activity Interest retained from securitization transactions $ 41,109 $ 43,329 $ 35,483 Equity method investments retained from securitization and deconsolidation transactions — 32,564 144,603 Equity method investments retained from sale of assets to a co-investment structure — 115,249 — Deconsolidation of non-recourse debt — 51,233 257,746 Deconsolidation of assets pledged for non-recourse debt — 51,761 374,608 Assumption of deferred financing obligation 50,882 32,910 — Removal of deferred financing obligation upon securitization ( 29,051 ) — — See accompanying notes. - 72 - HA SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2025 1. The Company HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. actively partners with clients to deploy real assets that facilitate the energy transition. The Company and its subsidiaries are hereafter referred to as “we,” “us” or “our.” Our investments take various forms, including equity, joint ventures, land ownership, lending and other financing transactions. We refer to the income producing assets that we hold on our balance sheet as our “Portfolio.” Our Portfolio includes equity investments in either preferred or common structures in unconsolidated entities, receivables, and debt securities. We generate recurring income from net investment income from our Portfolio, from income through our residual ownership in securitization and co-investment structures, and from asset management and other services. We also generate income through gain-on-sale securitization transactions and broker/dealer services. We finance our business through cash on hand, secured and unsecured debt, convertible securities, or equity issuances and may also decide to finance such transactions through the use of off-balance sheet securitization or syndication structures. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “HASI.” We intend to continue to operate our business in a manner that will maintain our exemption from registration as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”). We operate our business through, and along with two of our wholly owned subsidiaries serve, as the general partners of, our operating partnership subsidiary, Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P., (the “Operating Partnership”), which was formed to acquire and directly or indirectly own our assets. Transition to Taxable C Corporation As a result of expanding opportunities in non-qualifying assets, effective January 1, 2024, we have revoked our real estate investment trust (“REIT”) election and are taxed as a C Corporation beginning in tax year 2024. Commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2024, all of the Company’s taxable income is subject to U.S. federal and state income tax at the applicable corporate tax rate. Dividends paid to stockholders are no longer tax deductible to us. The Company is also no longer subject to the REIT requirement for distributions to stockholders when the Company has taxable income. The Company anticipates that operating as a taxable C Corporation will provide the Company with flexibility to execute various strategic initiatives without the constraints of complying with REIT requirements, including investing in power generating, transportation, and alternative fuel assets which are not REIT qualifying assets. The Company’s transition to a taxable C Corporation is not expected to result in significant incremental current income tax expense in the near term due to the availability of net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards and tax credits typically offered by the assets in which we often invest. See Note 10 for additional information. 2. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Basis of Presentation The preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from these estimates and such differences could be material. In the opinion of management, all adjustments necessary to present fairly our financial position, results of operations and cash flows have been included. Certain amounts in the prior years have been reclassified to conform to the current year presentation. The consolidated financial statements include our accounts and controlled subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership. All material intercompany transactions and balances have been eliminated in consolidation. Following the guidance for non-controlling interests in Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 810, Consolidation (“ASC 810”), references in this report to our earnings per share and our net income and stockholders’ equity attributable to common stockholders do not include amounts attributable to non-controlling interests. Consolidation We account for our investments in entities that are considered voting interest entities or variable interest entities (“VIEs”) under ASC 810 and assess on an ongoing basis whether we should consolidate these entities. We have established various special purpose entities or securitization trusts for the purpose of securitizing certain assets that are not consolidated in our financial statements as described below in Securitization of Assets. - 73 - Since we have assessed that we have power over and receive the benefits from those special purpose entities that are formed for the purpose of holding our assets on our balance sheet, we have concluded we are the primary beneficiary of those entities and should consolidate them under the provisions of ASC 810. We also have certain subsidiaries we deem to be voting interest entities that we control through our ownership of voting interests and accordingly consolidate. Certain of our equity investments were determined to be interests in VIEs in which we are not the primary beneficiary, as we do not direct the significant activities of these entities, and thus we account for those investments as Equity Method Investments as discussed below. Our maximum exposure to loss through these investments is typically limited to their recorded values. However, we may provide financial commitments to these VIEs or guarantee certain of their obligations. Certain other entities in which we have equity investments have been assessed to be voting interest entities and as we exert significant influence over these entities rather than control them through our ownership of voting interests, we do not consolidate them and account for them as equity method investments described below. Equity Method Investments We have made equity investments, typically in structures where we have a preferred return position. These investments are typically owned in holding companies (that are generally limited liability companies (“LLCs”) taxed as partnerships) where we partner with either the operator of the project or other institutional investors. We share in the cash flows, income, and tax attributes according to a negotiated schedule which typically does not correspond with our ownership percentages. Investors in a preferred return position, if any, typically receive a priority distribution of all or a portion of the project’s cash flows, and in some cases, tax attributes. Once the preferred return, if applicable, is achieved, the partnership “flips” and common equity investors, often the operator of the project, receive a larger portion of the cash flows, with the previously preferred investors retaining an on-going residual interest. Our equity investments are accounted for under the equity method of accounting, under which the carrying value of these investments is determined based on amounts we invested, adjusted for earnings or losses of the investee allocated to us based on the terms of the LLC agreement, less distributions received. We generally conclude that investments where the LLC agreements contain preferences with regard to cash flows from operations, capital events or liquidation are considered to contain substantive profit sharing arrangements, so we accordingly reflect our share of profits and losses by determining the difference between our claim on the investee’s reported book value at the beginning and the end of the period, which is adjusted for distributions received and contributions made during the period. This claim is calculated as the amount we would receive if the investee were to liquidate all of its assets at the recorded amounts determined in accordance with GAAP and distribute the resulting hypothetical proceeds to creditors and investors in accordance with their respective priorities. This method is referred to as the hypothetical liquidation at book value method (“HLBV”). Our exposure to loss in these investments is limited to the amount of our equity investment, plus receivables from or guarantees made to the same investee, if any. Any difference between the amount of our investment and the amount of underlying equity in net assets at the time of our investment is generally amortized over the life of the assets and liabilities to which the difference relates. Cash distributions received from each equity method investment are classified as operating activities to the extent of cumulative earnings for each investment in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Our initial investment and additional cash distributions beyond the amounts that are classified as operating activities are classified as investing activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. We typically recognize earnings one quarter in arrears for these investments to allow for the receipt of financial information. Our proportionate share of any revenue earned from equity method investees is eliminated through the income (loss) from equity method investment line of our income statement. Losses exceeding our basis in investments for which we hold other outstanding instruments are allocated to those instruments. We evaluate quarterly whether the current carrying value of our investments accounted for using the equity method have an other than temporary impairment (“OTTI”). An OTTI occurs when the estimated fair value of an investment is below the carrying value and the difference is determined to not be recoverable in the near term. First, we consider both qualitative and quantitative evidence in determining whether there is an indicator of a loss in investment value below carrying value. After considering the weight of available evidence, if it is determined that there is an indication of loss in investment value, we will perform a fair value analysis. If the resulting fair value is less than the carrying value, we will determine if this loss in value is OTTI, and we will recognize any OTTI in the income statement as an impairment. This evaluation requires significant judgment regarding the severity and duration of the impairment; the ability and intent to hold the investment until recovery; financial condition, liquidity, and near-term prospects of the investee; specific events; and other factors. - 74 - Receivables Receivables include project loans and receivables. Unless otherwise noted, we generally have the ability and intent to hold our receivables for the foreseeable future and accordingly we classify them as held for investment. Our ability and intent to hold certain receivables may change from time to time depending on a number of factors including our liquidity needs and economic and capital market conditions. At inception of the arrangement, the carrying value of receivables held for investment represents the present value of the note, lease or other payments, net of any unearned fee income, which is recognized as income over the term of the note or lease using the effective interest method. Receivables that are held for investment are carried at amortized cost, net of any unamortized acquisition premiums or discounts and include origination and acquisition costs, as applicable. Our initial investment and principal repayments of these receivables are classified as investing activities and the interest collected is classified as operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Receivables that we intend to sell in the short-term are classified as held-for-sale and are carried at the lower of amortized cost or fair value on our balance sheet, which is assessed on an individual asset basis. The purchases and proceeds from receivables that we have classified as held-for-sale at origination are classified as operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Interest collected is classified as an operating activity in our consolidated statements of cash flows. Receivables from certain projects are subordinate to preferred investors in a project who are allocated the majority of such project’s cash in the early years of the investment. Accordingly, such receivables may allow the borrower the ability to defer scheduled interest payments in exchange for increasing our receivable balance. We generally accrue this paid-in-kind (“PIK”) interest when collection is expected, and cease accruing PIK interest if there is insufficient value to support the accrual or we expect that any portion of the principal or interest due is not collectible. The change in PIK in any period is included in Change in accrued interest on receivables and debt securities in the operating section of our statements of cash flows. We may enter into real estate transactions which may be characterized as “failed sale-leaseback” transactions as defined under ASC Topic 842, Leases , and thus are accounted for as financing transactions similarly to our receivables as described herein. Receivables are typically eligible for the fair value option, an election which is made on an investment-by-investment basis, and the associated unrealized gain or loss on such receivables is recorded as a component of net income in our statements of operations. We evaluate our held-for-investment receivables on which we have not declared the fair value option for an allowance as determined under ASC Topic 326 Financial Instruments- Credit Losses (“ASC 326”) and for our internally derived asset performance categories included in Note 6 to our financial statements on at least a quarterly basis and more frequently when economic or other conditions warrant such an evaluation. When a receivable becomes 90 days or more past due, and if we otherwise do not expect the debtor to be able to service all of its debt or other obligations, we will generally consider the receivable delinquent or impaired and place the receivable on non-accrual status and cease recognizing income from that receivable until the borrower has demonstrated the ability and intent to pay contractual amounts due. If a receivable’s status significantly improves regarding the debtor’s ability to service the debt or other obligations, we will remove it from non-accrual status. We determine our allowance based on the current expectation of credit losses over the contractual life of our receivables as required by ASC 326. We use a variety of methods in developing our allowance, including discounted cash flow analysis and probability-of-default/loss given default (“PD/LGD”) methods. In developing our estimates, we consider our historical experience with our and similar assets in addition to our view of both current conditions and what we expect to occur within a period of time for which we can develop reasonable and supportable forecasts, typically two years . For periods following the reasonable and supportable forecast period, we revert to historical information when developing assumptions used in our estimates. In developing our forecasts, we consider a number of qualitative and quantitative factors in our assessment, which may include a project’s operating results, loan-to-value ratio, any cash reserves held by the project, the ability of expected cash from operations to cover the cash flow requirements currently and into the future, key terms of the transaction, the ability of the borrower to refinance the transaction, other credit support from the sponsor or guarantor and the project’s collateral value. In addition, we consider the overall economic environment, the sectors in which we invest, the effect of local, industry, and broader economic factors such as unemployment rates and power prices, the impact of any variation in weather and the historical and anticipated trends in interest rates, defaults and loss severities for similar transactions, as applicable. For assets where the obligor is a publicly rated entity, we consider the published historical performance of entities with similar ratings in developing our estimate of an allowance, making adjustments determined by management to be appropriate during the reasonable and supportable forecast period. We have made certain loan commitments that are within the scope of ASC 326. When estimating an allowance for these loan commitments we consider the probability of certain amounts to be funded and apply either a discounted cash flow or PD/LGD methodology as described above. We charge off receivables against the allowance, if any, when we determine the unpaid principal balance is uncollectible, net of recovered amounts. For those assets where we record our allowance using a discounted cash flow method, we have elected to record the change in allowance due solely to the passage of time through the provision for loss on receivables in our income statement. Any provision we record for an allowance is a non-cash reconciling item to cash from operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. - 75 - Debt securities Debt securities are loans that meet the criteria of ASC 320, Investments-Debt and Equity Securities. We have designated our debt securities as available-for-sale and carry these securities at fair value on our balance sheet. Unrealized gains and losses, to the extent not considered to be credit related, on available-for-sale debt securities are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income (“AOCI”) in equity on our balance sheet. When a security is sold, we reclassify the AOCI to earnings based on the specific identification of each security. Our initial investment and principal repayments of these debt securities are classified as investing activities and the interest collected is classified as operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. We evaluate our debt securities for impairment on at least a quarterly basis, and more frequently when economic or market conditions warrant such an evaluation. Our impairment assessment is a subjective process requiring the use of judgments and assumptions. Accordingly, we regularly evaluate the extent and impact of any credit deterioration associated with the financial and operating performance and value of the underlying project. We consider several qualitative and quantitative factors in our assessment. The primary factor in our assessment is the current fair value of the security, while other factors include changes in the credit rating, performance of the underlying project, key terms of the transaction, the value of any collateral and any support provided by the sponsor or guarantor. To the extent that we have identified an impairment for a security and do not expect that we will be required to sell the security prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis, we will recognize only the credit component of the unrealized loss in earnings by recording an allowance against the amortized cost of the asset as required by ASC 326. We determine the credit component using the difference between the security’s amortized cost basis and the present value of its expected future cash flows, discounted using the effective interest method or its estimated collateral value. Any remaining unrealized loss due to factors other than credit is recorded in AOCI. To the extent we hold securities with a fair value less than the amortized cost and we have made the decision to sell the security or it is more likely than not that we will be required to sell the security prior to recovery of its amortized cost basis, we recognize the entire portion of the impairment in earnings. Premiums or discounts on securities are amortized or accreted into interest income using the effective interest method. Securitization of Assets We have established various special purpose entities or securitization trusts for the purpose of securitizing certain financial assets. We determined that the trusts used in securitizations are VIEs, as defined in ASC 810. When we conclude that we are not the primary beneficiary of certain trusts because we do not have power over those trusts’ significant activities, we do not consolidate the trust. We typically serve as primary or master servicer of these trusts; however, as the servicer, we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the trusts. We account for transfers of financial assets to these securitization trusts as sales pursuant to ASC 860, Transfers and Servicing (“ASC 860”), when we have concluded the transferred assets have been isolated from the transferor (i.e., put presumptively beyond the reach of the transferor and its creditors, even in bankruptcy or other receivership) and we have surrendered control over the transferred assets. When we are unable to conclude that we have been sufficiently isolated from the securitized financial assets, we treat such arrangements as secured borrowings, retaining the assets on our balance sheet and recording the amounts due to the trust investor as non-recourse debt. Transfers of non-financial assets are accounted for under ASC 610-20, Gains and Losses from the Derecognition of Non-financial Assets , and those transfers are accounted for as sales when we have concluded that we have transferred control of the non-financial asset. For transfers treated as sales under ASC 860, we have received true-sale-at-law and non-consolidation legal opinions to support our conclusion regarding the transferred financial assets. When we sell financial assets in securitizations, we generally retain servicing rights, and also retain economic interests in the transferred assets in the form of residual assets, which we refer to as retained interests in securitization trusts. Gain or loss on the sale of assets is calculated based on the excess of the proceeds received from the securitization (net of any transaction costs) plus any retained interests obtained over the cost basis of the assets sold. For retained interests, we generally estimate fair value based on the present value of future expected cash flows using our best estimates of the key assumptions of anticipated losses, prepayment rates, and current market discount rates commensurate with the risks involved. Cash flows related to our securitizations at origination are classified as operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. We account for our retained interests in securitization trusts similar to available-for-sale debt securities and carry them at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in AOCI pursuant to ASC 325-40, Beneficial Interests in Securitized Financial Assets . Income related to these assets is recognized using the effective interest rate method and included in securitization income in our income statement. These assets are evaluated for impairment on a quarterly basis under ASC 326. Such assets are - 76 - impaired if their fair value is less than its carrying value. The credit component of impairments, if any, are recognized by recording an allowance against the amortized cost of the asset. For changes in expected cash flows, we will calculate a new yield based on the current amortized cost of the assets and the revised expected cash flows. This yield is used prospectively to recognize our income related to these assets. Retained interests in securitized non-financial assets are accounted for as equity method investments, and subject to those accounting policies described above. Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and cash equivalents include short-term government securities, certificates of deposit and money market funds, all of which had an original maturity of three months or less at the date of purchase. These securities are carried at their purchase price, which approximates fair value. Restricted Cash Restricted cash includes cash and cash equivalents set aside with certain lenders primarily to support obligations outstanding as of the balance sheet dates. Restricted cash is reported as part of other assets in our consolidated balance sheets. Refer to Note 3 to our financial statements in this Form 10-K for disclosure of the balances of restricted cash included in other assets. Convertible Notes We have issued convertible and exchangeable senior unsecured notes (together, “Convertible Notes”) that are accounted for in accordance with ASC 470-20, Debt with Conversion and Other Options , and ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging (“ASC 815”) . Under ASC 815, issuers of certain convertible or exchangeable debt instruments are generally required to separately account for the conversion or exchange option of the debt instrument as either a derivative or equity, unless it meets the scope exemption for contracts indexed to, and settled in, an issuer’s own equity. Since our conversion or exchange options are both indexed to our equity and can be settled in our common stock at our option, we have met the scope exemption, and therefore, we do not separately account for the embedded conversion or exchange options. The initial issuance and any principal repayments are classified as financing activities and interest payments are classified as operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. If converted or exchanged, the carrying value of each Convertible Note is reclassified into stockholders’ equity. In order to offset the economic impacts of any potential dilution upon conversion or exchange of any Convertible Notes, we have entered into capped call transactions, the accounting for which is discussed below in Derivative Financial Instruments. Derivative Financial Instruments We use derivative financial instruments, including interest rate swaps and collars, to manage, or hedge, our interest rate risk exposures associated with new debt issuances and anticipated refinancings of existing debt, to manage our exposure to fluctuations in interest rates on floating-rate debt, and to optimize the mix of our fixed and floating-rate debt. Our objective is to reduce the impact of changes in interest rates on our results of operations and cash flows. The fair values of our interest rate derivatives designated and qualifying as effective cash flow hedges are reflected in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of other assets (if in an unrealized asset position) or accounts payable, accrued expenses and other (if in an unrealized liability position) and in net unrealized gains and losses in AOCI as described below. The cash settlements of our interest rate swaps, if any, are classified as operating activities in our consolidated statements of cash flows. The interest rate derivatives we use are intended to be designated as cash flow hedges and are considered highly effective in reducing our exposure to the interest rate risk that they are designated to hedge. This effectiveness is required in order to qualify for hedge accounting. Instruments that meet the required hedging criteria are formally designated as hedging instruments at the inception of the derivative contract. Derivatives are recorded at fair value. If a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedge and meets the highly effective threshold, the change in the fair value of the derivative is recorded in AOCI, net of associated deferred income tax effects. Any amounts in AOCI are recognized in earnings along with the income tax effect at the same time as the hedged item, which is when interest expense is recognized. For any derivative instruments not designated as hedging instruments, changes in fair value would be recognized in earnings in the period that the change occurs. We assess, both at the inception of the hedge and on an ongoing basis, whether the derivatives designated as cash flow hedges are highly effective in offsetting the changes in cash flows of the hedged items. We also assess on an ongoing basis whether the forecasted transactions remain probable, and discontinue hedge accounting if we conclude that they do not. We do not hold derivatives for trading purposes. Any collateral posted or received as credit support against derivative positions are netted against those derivatives in our balance sheets. When our collateral account with any particular counterparty is in a liability position, we include inflows and outflows related to those collateral postings within financing activities in our statement of cash flows. When our collateral account with any particular counterparty is in an asset position, we include inflows and outflows related to those collateral - 77 - postings within investing activities in our statement of cash flows. The inflows and outflows related to instruments designated as cash flow hedges are included within our statement of cash flows in the same section as the hedged item, which is typically operating activities for our instruments which hedge interest rate risk exposures. Interest rate derivative contracts contain a credit risk that counterparties may be unable to fulfill the terms of the agreement. We attempt to minimize that risk by evaluating the creditworthiness of our counterparties, who are limited to major banks and financial institutions, and do not anticipate nonperformance by the counterparties due to their requirement to post collateral. We have entered into certain capped call transactions to mitigate the economic dilution that may result from the conversion or exchange of certain of our Convertible Notes. These transactions are freestanding equity-linked derivative instruments that qualify for the exemption for contracts indexed to, and settled in, an issuer’s own equity found in ASC 815, and accordingly the payment of the option premium was recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in-capital within our statement of stockholders’ equity. Income Taxes We elected and qualified to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2013 through our taxable year ended December 31, 2023. We have revoked our REIT election effective January 1, 2024, and beginning in taxable year 2024 are taxed as a taxable C Corporation. For tax years 2023 and prior, we had taxable REIT subsidiaries (“TRS”) that were taxed separately, and that were generally subject to U.S. federal, state, and local income taxes. To qualify as a REIT, we were required to meet on an ongoing basis several organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that we distribute at least 90% of our REIT’s net taxable income before dividends paid, excluding capital gains, to our stockholders each year. As a REIT, for tax years ended December 31, 2023 and earlier, we were not subject to U.S. federal corporate income tax on that portion of net income that was distributed to our owners in accordance with the REIT rules. Subsequent to our REIT status revocation, all of our net taxable income is subject to U.S. federal and state income tax at the applicable corporate tax rate, and dividends paid to stockholders are no longer tax deductible. We account for income taxes under ASC 740, Income Taxes (“ASC 740”) using the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to the differences between the consolidated financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates in effect for the year in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities from a change in tax rates is recognized in earnings in the period when the new rate is enacted. We evaluate any deferred tax assets for valuation allowances based on an assessment of available evidence including sources of taxable income, prior years taxable income, any existing taxable temporary differences and our future investment and business plans that may give rise to taxable income. We treat any tax credits we receive from our equity investments in renewable energy projects as reductions of federal income taxes of the year in which the credit arises. We apply ASC 740 with respect to how uncertain tax positions should be recognized, measured, presented, and disclosed in the financial statements. This guidance requires the accounting and disclosure of tax positions taken or expected to be taken in the course of preparing our tax returns to determine whether the tax positions are “more likely than not” to be sustained by the applicable tax authority. We are required to analyze all open tax years, as defined by the statute of limitations, for all major jurisdictions, which includes U.S. federal and certain states. Equity-Based Compensation We have adopted equity incentive plans which provide for grants of stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, shares of restricted common stock, phantom shares, dividend equivalent rights, long-term incentive-plan units (“LTIP Units”) and other restricted limited partnership units issued by our Operating Partnership and other equity-based awards. From time to time, we may grant equity or equity-based awards as compensation to our independent directors, employees, advisors, consultants and other personnel. Certain awards earned under each plan are based on achieving various performance or market targets, which are generally earned between 0 % and 200 % of the initial target, depending on the extent to which the performance or market target is met. In addition to performance or market targets, income or gain must be allocated by our Operating Partnership to certain LTIP Units issued by our Operating Partnership so that the capital accounts of such units are equalized with the capital accounts of other holders of OP units before parity is reached and LTIP Units can be converted to limited partnership units. We record compensation expense for grants made in accordance with ASC 718, Compensation—Stock Compensation . We record compensation expense for unvested grants that vest solely based on service conditions on a straight-line basis over the vesting period of the entire award based upon the fair market value of the grant on the date of grant. Fair market value for restricted common stock is based on our share price on the date of grant. For awards where the vesting is contingent upon - 78 - achievement of certain performance targets, compensation expense is measured based on the fair market value on the grant date and is recorded over the requisite service period (which includes the performance period). Actual performance results at the end of the performance period determines the number of shares that will ultimately be awarded. We have also issued awards where the vesting is contingent upon service being provided for a defined period and certain market conditions being met. The fair value of these awards, as measured at the grant date, is recognized over the requisite service period, even if the market conditions are not met. The grant date fair value of these awards was developed by an independent appraiser using a Monte Carlo simulation. Forfeitures of unvested awards are recognized as they occur. We have a retirement policy that provides for full vesting at retirement of any time-based awards that were granted prior to the date of retirement and permits the vesting of performance-based awards that were granted prior to the date of retirement according to the original vesting schedule of the award, subject to the achievement of the applicable performance measures and without the requirement for continued employment. Employees are eligible for the retirement policy upon meeting age and years of service criteria. We record compensation expense for unvested grants through the date in which an employee meets the retirement criteria. Earnings Per Share We compute earnings per share of common stock in accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share . Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income attributable to controlling stockholders (after consideration of the earnings allocated to unvested grants, if applicable) by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period excluding the weighted average number of unvested grants, if applicable (“participating securities” as defined in Note 12 to our financial statements in this Form 10-K). Diluted earnings per share is calculated by dividing net income attributable to controlling stockholders (after consideration of the earnings allocated to unvested grants, if applicable) by the weighted-average number of shares of common stock outstanding during the period plus other potential common stock instruments if they are dilutive. Other potentially dilutive common stock instruments include our unvested restricted stock, other equity-based awards, and Convertible Notes. The restricted stock and other equity-based awards are included if they are dilutive using the treasury stock method. The treasury stock method assumes that theoretical proceeds received for future service provided is used to purchase shares of treasury stock at the average market price per share of common stock, which is deducted from the total shares of potential common stock included in the calculation. When unvested grants are dilutive, the earnings allocated to these dilutive unvested grants are not deducted from the net income attributable to controlling stockholders when calculating diluted earnings per share. The Convertible Notes are included if they are dilutive using the if-converted method, which removes interest expense related to the Convertible Notes from the net income attributable to controlling stockholders and includes the weighted average shares of potential common stock over the period issuable upon conversion or exchange of the note. No adjustment is made for shares of potential common stock that are anti-dilutive during a period. Our capped call transactions are anti-dilutive and therefore their impact will be excluded from earnings per share. Segment Reporting We manage our business as a single portfolio which we originate from a single pipeline, and accordingly we report all of our activities as one reportable segment. Our single reportable segment generates net investment and equity method investment income through investments in energy transition assets and infrastructure projects, as well as revenue through the gain on sale of assets and recurring asset management fees. The consolidated financial statements presented herein reflect the activities of our single reportable segment, and the accounting policies of our single reportable segment are those found here in this Note 2. Our chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) is our chief executive officer. The CODM assesses performance for this segment and decides how to allocate resources based in part on net income as recorded in our income statement. Included in this metric are the significant segment expenses reviewed by the CODM, which include interest expense, compensation and benefits, and general and administrative, each of which is reported in our income statement. We do not have material intra-company sales or transfers. In evaluating segment assets, the CODM uses receivables, equity method investments, real estate, and debt securities as reported on our balance sheet, which together we refer to as our Portfolio. Amounts invested in such assets can be found in our statement of cash flows. Segment asset amounts are used by the CODM when evaluating the return on investment on our Portfolio. Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Accounting standards updates issued before February 13, 2026, and effective after December 31, 2025, are not expected to have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. There were no accounting standards that became effective in the year ended December 31, 2025 that had a material effect on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. - 79 - 3. Fair Value Measurements Fair value is defined as the price that would be received for an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants on the measurement date. The fair value accounting guidance provides a three-level hierarchy for classifying financial instruments. The levels of inputs used to determine the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities carried on the balance sheet at fair value and for those which only disclosure of fair value is required are characterized in accordance with the fair value hierarchy established by ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements . Where inputs for a financial asset or liability fall in more than one level in the fair value hierarchy, the financial asset or liability is classified in its entirety based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement of that financial asset or liability. We use our judgment and consider factors specific to the financial assets and liabilities in determining the significance of an input to the fair value measurements. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, our retained interests in securitization trusts, our derivatives, receivables for which we have elected the fair value option, if any, and our debt securities were carried at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets on a recurring basis. The three levels of the fair value hierarchy are described below: • Level 1—Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets that are accessible at the measurement date. • Level 2—Observable prices that are based on inputs not quoted on active markets but corroborated by market data. • Level 3—Unobservable inputs are used when little or no market data is available. The tables below state the estimated fair value of our financial instruments on our balance sheet. Unless otherwise discussed below, fair values for our Level 2 and Level 3 measurements are measured using a discounted cash flow model, the inputs to which consist of base interest rates and spreads over base rates. Spreads are based upon market observation and recent comparable transactions. An increase in these inputs would result in a lower fair value and a decline would result in a higher fair value. Our Senior Notes (as defined below) and Convertible Notes are valued using a market based approach and observable prices. The receivables held-for-sale, if any and excluding those on which we have elected the fair value option, are carried at the lower of cost or fair value, as determined on an individual asset basis. As of December 31, 2025 Fair Value Carrying Value Level (in millions) Assets Receivables $ 3,222 $ 3,280 Level 3 Receivables held-for-sale 128 114 Level 3 Debt securities (1) 73 73 Level 3 Retained interests in securitization trusts (2) 300 300 Level 3 Derivative assets 25 25 Level 2 Liabilities (3) Credit facility $ 46 $ 46 Level 3 Commercial paper notes 225 225 Level 3 Term loans payable 391 391 Level 3 Non-recourse debt 128 128 Level 3 Senior notes 3,539 3,489 Level 2 Junior subordinated notes 529 505 Level 2 Convertible Notes 527 408 Level 2 Derivative liabilities 6 6 Level 2 (1) The amortized cost of our debt securities as of December 31, 2025, was $ 43 million. (2) The amortized cost of our retained interests in securitization trusts net of allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2025, was $ 348 million. A 5% adverse change in discount rates would decrease the fair value of these assets by $ 15 million, and a 10% adverse change would decrease the fair value by $ 29 million. (3) Fair value and carrying value exclude unamortized financing costs. - 80 - As of December 31, 2024 Fair Value Carrying Value Level (in millions) Assets Receivables $ 2,700 $ 2,896 Level 3 Receivables held-for-sale 79 76 Level 3 Debt securities (1) 7 7 Level 3 Retained interests in securitization trusts (2) 249 249 Level 3 Derivative assets 72 72 Level 2 Liabilities (3) Credit facilities $ 1 $ 1 Level 3 Commercial paper notes 100 100 Level 3 Term loans payable 415 415 Level 3 Non-recourse debt 132 136 Level 3 Senior notes 3,098 3,162 Level 2 Convertible notes: 2025 Exchangeable Senior Notes 214 218 Level 2 2028 Exchangeable Senior Notes 470 408 Level 2 Total Convertible Notes 684 626 Level 2 Derivative liabilities 3 3 Level 2 (1) The amortized cost of our debt securities as of December 31, 2024, was $ 8 million. (2) The amortized cost of our retained interests in securitization trusts net of allowance for credit losses as of December 31, 2024, was $ 301 million. A 5% adverse change in discount rates would decrease the fair value of these assets by $ 12 million, and a 10% adverse change would decrease the fair value by $ 23 million. (3) Fair value and carrying value exclude unamortized financing costs. - 81 - Debt Securities The following table reconciles the beginning and ending balances for our Level 3 debt securities that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis: For the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Balance, beginning of period $ 7 $ 7 Purchases of debt securities 68 11 Payments on debt securities ( 2 ) — Sale of debt securities — ( 11 ) Equity method investee losses applied (1) ( 31 ) — Unrealized gains (losses) on debt securities recorded in OCI 31 — Balance, end of period $ 73 $ 7 (1)    As described in Note 2, losses in excess of basis from equity method investments from which we have other outstanding instruments are allocated against those other instruments. We had the following debt securities in an unrealized loss position: Estimated Fair Value Unrealized Losses (1) Count of Assets Assets with a loss shorter than 12 months Assets with a loss longer than 12 months Assets with a loss shorter than 12 months Assets with a loss longer than 12 months Assets with a loss shorter than 12 months Assets with a loss longer than 12 months (in millions) December 31, 2025 $ 62 $ 7 $ 0.3 $ 0.9 $ — 1 5 December 31, 2024 — 7 — 1 — 5 (1)    Loss positions are due to interest rates movements and are not indicative of credit deterioration. We have the intent and ability to hold these assets until a recovery of fair value. In determining the fair value of our debt securities, we used a market-based risk-free rate and added a range of interest rate spreads based upon transactions involving similar assets of approximately 3 % to 6 % as of December 31, 2025 and 3 % as of December 31, 2024. The weighted average discount rates used to determine the fair value of our debt securities as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024 were 9.7 % and 6.7 %, respectively. - 82 - Retained interests in securitization trusts The following table reconciles the beginning and ending balances for our Level 3 retained interest in securitization trust assets that are carried at fair value on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value recorded through AOCI: For the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Balance, beginning of period $ 249 $ 219 Accretion of retained interests in securitization trusts 19 17 Additions to retained interests in securitization trusts 49 43 Collections from retained interests in securitization trusts ( 21 ) ( 14 ) Unrealized gains (losses) on retained interests in securitization trusts recorded in OCI 4 ( 16 ) Balance, end of period $ 300 $ 249 We had the following retained interests in securitization trusts in an unrealized loss position: Estimated Fair Value Unrealized Losses (1) Count of Assets Assets with a loss shorter than 12 months Assets with a loss longer than 12 months Assets with a loss shorter than 12 months Assets with a loss longer than 12 months Assets with a loss shorter than 12 months Assets with a loss longer than 12 months (in millions) December 31, 2025 $ 31 $ 188 $ 1 $ 51 8 87 December 31, 2024 67 152 4 52 28 69 (1)    Other than the assets for which there is a reserve as discussed in Note 5, loss positions are due to interest rates movements and are not indicative of credit deterioration. We have the intent and ability to hold these assets until a recovery of fair value. In determining the fair value of our retained interests in securitization trusts, as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we used a market-based risk-free rate and added a range of interest rate spreads of approximately 1 % to 5 % based upon transactions involving similar assets. The weighted average discount rate used to determine the fair value of our retained interests in securitization trusts as of December 31, 2025 and 2024 were 7.0 % and 7.3 %, respectively. Non-recurring Fair Value Measurements Our financial statements may include non-recurring fair value measurements related to acquisitions and non-monetary transactions. Assets acquired in a business combination, if any, are recorded at their fair value. We may use third party valuation firms to assist us with developing our estimates of fair value. Concentration of Credit Risk Our receivables and debt securities are backed by various projects, the U.S. federal government, and investment grade state and local governments and do not, in our view, represent a significant concentration of credit risk given the large number of diverse offtakers and other obligors of the projects. Additionally, certain of our investments are collateralized by projects concentrated in certain geographic regions throughout the United States. These investments typically have structural credit protections to mitigate our risk exposure and, in most cases, the projects are insured for estimated physical loss, which helps to mitigate the possible risk from these concentrations. We had cash deposits that are subject to credit risk as shown below: December 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Cash deposits $ 110 $ 130 Restricted cash deposits (included in other assets) 35 20 Total cash deposits $ 145 $ 150 Amount of cash deposits in excess of amounts federally insured $ 143 $ 148 - 83 - 4. Non-Controlling Interest Units of limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership (“OP units”) that are owned by limited partners other than us are included in non-controlling interest on our consolidated balance sheets. The non-controlling interest holders are generally allocated their pro rata share of income, other comprehensive income and equity transactions. The outstanding OP units not held by us represent approximately 1 % of our outstanding OP units and are redeemable by the limited partners for cash, or at our option, for a like number of shares of our common stock. Non-controlling interest holders redeemed 157,046 OP units during the year ended December 31, 2025, and redeemed 10,000 OP units during the year ended December 31, 2024. We have also granted to members of our leadership team and directors LTIP Units pursuant to our equity incentive plans. The LTIP Units issued to employees are held by HASI Management HoldCo LLC. The LTIP Units are designed to qualify as profits interests in the Operating Partnership and initially will have a capital account balance of zero and, therefore, will not have full parity with OP units with respect to liquidating distributions or other rights. However, the second amended and restated agreement of limited partnership of the Operating Partnership (the “OP Agreement”) provides that “book gains,” or economic appreciation, in the Operating Partnership will be allocated first to the LTIP Units until the capital account per LTIP Units is equal to the capital account per-unit of the OP units. Under the terms of the OP Agreement, the Operating Partnership will revalue its assets upon the occurrence of certain specified events, and any increase in valuation from the time of grant until such event will be allocated first to the holders of LTIP Units to equalize the capital accounts of such holders with the capital accounts of OP unit holders. Once this has occurred, the LTIP Units will achieve full parity with the OP units for all purposes, including with respect to liquidating distributions and redemption rights. In addition to these attributes, there are vesting and settlement conditions similar to our other equity-based awards as discussed in Notes 2 and 11 to our audited financial statements in this Form 10-K. 5. Securitization of Financial Assets The following summarizes certain transactions with securitization trusts: As of and for the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Gains on securitizations $ 66 $ 79 $ 69 Cost of financial assets securitized 633 1,073 559 Proceeds from securitizations 699 1,152 628 Cash received from retained interests in securitization trusts and servicing fees 26 20 20 In connection with securitization transactions, we typically retain servicing responsibilities and residual interests in the securitization trusts. We generally receive annual servicing fees that are typically up to 0.25 % of the outstanding balance. We may periodically make servicer advances that are subject to credit risk. Assets related to our retained interests in securitization trusts are held on our balance sheet at fair value. Our retained interests are subordinate to investors’ interests, and their values are subject to credit, prepayment and interest rate risks on the transferred financial assets. Other than our retained interests in the trusts’ assets, the investors and the securitization trusts have no recourse to our other assets for failure of debtors to pay when due. In computing gains and losses on securitizations, we use discount rates which consist of base interest rates and spreads over these base rates. Spreads are based on a review of comparable recent transactions and we consider them to be Level 3 unobservable inputs. Depending on the nature of the transaction risks, the all-in discount rate ranged from 5.7 % to 7.0 % during the year ended December 31, 2025. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the balance of securitized assets held in unconsolidated securitization trusts was $ 7.2 billion and $ 6.8 billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, the securitization trusts held $ 6.6 billion and $ 6.2 billion, respectively, of notes due to investors. As of December 31, 2025, there were no material payments from debtors to the securitization trusts that were greater than 90 days past due. We have a $ 3 million allowance for losses on our retained interests in securitization trusts related to assets secured by property assessed clean energy liens. This allowance is a result of changes in our estimates of cash flows due to prepayments on certain of these assets. There has been no change in the underlying credit quality of the securitized assets since origination. Of our retained interests in securitization trusts, 56 % are related to contracts where the underlying cash flows are secured by an interest in real estate which are typically senior in terms of repayment to other financings. Receivables from contracts for the installation of energy efficiency and other technologies are the source of cash flows of 44 % of our securitization residual assets. These technologies are typically installed in facilities owned by, or operated for or by, federal, state or local government - 84 - entities where the ultimate obligor for the receivable is a governmental entity. The contracts may have guarantees of energy savings from third-party service providers, which typically are entities rated investment grade by an independent rating agency. 6. Our Portfolio As of December 31, 2025, our Portfolio included approximately $ 7.6 billion of equity method investments, receivables, real estate and debt securities on our balance sheet. The equity method investments represent our non-controlling equity investments in energy transition projects. The receivables and debt securities are typically collateralized by contractually committed debt obligations of government entities or private high credit quality obligors and are often supported by additional forms of credit enhancement, including security interests and supplier guaranties. The real estate is typically land and related lease intangibles for long-term leases to wind and solar projects. In developing and evaluating performance against our credit criteria, we consider a number of qualitative and quantitative criteria which may include a project’s operating results, loan-to-value ratio, any cash reserves, the ability of expected cash from operations to cover the cash flow requirements currently and into the future, key terms of the transaction, the ability of the borrower to refinance the transaction, the financial and operating capability of the borrower, its sponsors or the obligor as well as any guarantors and the project’s collateral value. In addition, we consider the overall economic environment, the sectors in  which we invest, the effect of local, industry and broader economic factors, the impact of any variation in weather and the historical and anticipated trends in interest rates, defaults and loss severities for similar transactions. The following is an analysis of the Performance Ratings of our Portfolio as of December 31, 2025, which is assessed quarterly: Portfolio Performance 1 (1) 2 (2) 3 (3) Total Commercial Government Commercial Commercial Receivable vintage (4) (dollars in millions) 2025 $ 518 $ — $ — $ — $ 518 2024 102 — — — 102 2023 904 — 30 — 934 2022 923 — — — 923 2021 278 — — — 278 Prior to 2021 556 31 — — 587 Total receivables held-for-investment 3,281 31 30 — 3,342 Less: Allowance for loss on receivables ( 58 ) — ( 4 ) — ( 62 ) Net receivables held-for-investment 3,223 31 26 — 3,280 Receivables held-for-sale 58 56 — — 114 Debt securities and real estate 74 2 — — 76 Equity method investments (5) 4,089 — 27 — 4,116 Total $ 7,444 $ 89 $ 53 $ — $ 7,586 Percent of Portfolio 98 % 1 % 1 % — % 100 % (1) This category includes our assets where based on our credit criteria and performance to date we believe that our risk of not receiving our invested capital remains low. (2) This category includes our assets where based on our credit criteria and performance to date we believe there is a moderate level of risk to not receiving some or all of our invested capital. In 2025, we moved into this category a receivable previously included in Category 1 where the underlying assets are experiencing project-specific operational challenges which are currently in the process of being remediated. (3) This category includes our assets where based on our credit criteria and performance to date, we believe there is substantial doubt regarding our ability to recover some or all of our invested capital. Receivables or debt securities in this category are placed on non-accrual status. (4) Receivable vintage refers to the period in which the relevant agreement is signed, and a given vintage may contain advances made in periods subsequent to the period in which the agreement was signed. (5) Some of the individual projects included in portfolios that make up our equity method investments have government offtakers. As they are part of large portfolios, they are not classified separately. The following is an analysis of the Performance Ratings of our Portfolio as of December 31, 2024: - 85 - Portfolio Performance 1 (1) 2 (2) 3 (3) Total Commercial Government Commercial Commercial Receivable vintage (4) (dollars in millions) 2024 $ 65 $ — $ — $ — $ 65 2023 881 — — — 881 2022 959 — — — 959 2021 295 — — — 295 2020 175 — — — 175 Prior to 2020 536 35 — — 571 Total receivables held-for-investment 2,911 35 — — 2,946 Less: Allowance for loss on receivables ( 50 ) — — — ( 50 ) Net receivables held-for-investment 2,861 35 — — 2,896 Receivables held-for-sale 39 37 — — 76 Debt securities and real estate 8 2 — — 10 Equity method investments (5) 3,577 — 35 — 3,612 Total 6,485 74 35 — 6,594 Percent of Portfolio 98 % 1 % 1 % — % 100 % (1) This category includes our assets where based on our credit criteria and performance to date we believe that our risk of not receiving our invested capital remains low. (2) This category includes our assets where based on our credit criteria and performance to date we believe there is a moderate level of risk to not receiving some or all of our invested capital. (3) This category includes our assets where based on our credit criteria and performance to date, we believe there is substantial doubt regarding our ability to recover some or all of our invested capital. Receivables or debt securities in this category are placed on non-accrual status. (4) Receivable vintage refers to the period in which the relevant loan agreement is signed, and a given vintage may contain loan advances made in periods subsequent to the period in which the loan agreement was signed. (5) Some of the individual projects included in portfolios that make up our equity method investments have government offtakers. As they are part of large portfolios, they are not classified separately. Receivables As of December 31, 2025 our allowance for losses on receivables was $ 62 million based on our expectation for credit losses over the lives of the receivables in our Portfolio. During 2025, we recorded a provision for loss on receivables of approximately $ 12 million related to new loans and loan commitments as well as changes in project-specific assumptions for certain assets. Below is a summary of the carrying value of our receivables held-for-investment, loan funding commitments, and allowance by type of receivable or “Portfolio Segment,” as defined by ASC 326, as of December 31, 2025 and 2024: December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 Gross Carrying Value Loan Funding Commitments Allowance Gross Carrying Value Loan Funding Commitments Allowance (in millions) Commercial (1) $ 3,311 $ 388 $ 62 $ 2,911 $ 545 $ 50 Government (2) 31 — — 35 — — Total $ 3,342 $ 388 $ 62 $ 2,946 $ 545 $ 50 (1) As of December 31, 2025, this category of assets includes $ 1.6 billion of mezzanine loans made on a non-recourse basis to bankruptcy-remote special purpose subsidiaries of residential solar companies which hold residential solar assets where we rely on certain limited indemnities, warranties, and other obligations of the residential solar companies or their other subsidiaries. These residential solar assets typically contain back-up servicer provisions to allow for continuity of operations in the event the project sponsor is unable to fulfill its duties in that capacity. Risk characteristics of our commercial receivables include a project’s operating risks, which include the impact of the overall economic environment, the sectors in which we invest, the effect of local, industry, and broader economic factors, the impact of any variation in weather and trends in interest rates. We use assumptions related to these risks to estimate an allowance using a discounted cash flow analysis or the PD/LGD method as discussed in Note 2. For those assets in Performance Rating 1, the credit worthiness of the obligor combined with the various structural protections of our assets cause us to believe we have a low risk we will not receive our invested capital, however we recorded a $ 58 million allowance on these $ 3.3 billion in assets as a result of lower probability assumptions utilized in our allowance methodology. - 86 - (2) As of December 31, 2025, our government receivables include $ 6 million of U.S. federal government transactions and $ 25 million of transactions where the ultimate obligors are state or local governments. Risk characteristics of our government receivables include the energy savings or the power output of the projects and the ability of the government obligor to generate revenue for debt service via taxation or other means. Transactions may have guarantees of energy savings or other performance support from third-party service providers, which typically are entities that are rated or whose ultimate parent entity is rated investment grade by an independent rating agency. All of our government receivables are included in Performance Rating 1 in the Portfolio Performance table above. Our allowance for government receivables is primarily calculated by using PD/LGD methods as discussed in Note 2. Our expectation of credit losses for these receivables is immaterial given the high credit-quality of the obligors. The following table reconciles our beginning and ending allowance for loss on receivables by Portfolio Segment for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024: Commercial Government (in millions) Beginning balance - December 31, 2023 $ 50 $ — Provision for loss on receivables — — Write-off of allowance — — Ending balance - December 31, 2024 50 — Provision for loss on receivables 12 — Write-off of allowance — — Ending balance - December 31, 2025 $ 62 $ — We have no receivables on non-accrual status. The following table provides a summary of the maturity dates of our receivables and the weighted average yield for each range of maturities as of December 31, 2025: Total Less than 1 year 1-5 years 5-10 years More than 10 years (dollars in millions) Maturities by period (excluding allowance) $ 3,342 $ 132 $ 1,823 $ 470 $ 917 Weighted average yield by period 9.5 % 10.4 % 10.2 % 9.2 % 7.9 % Debt Securities The following table provides a summary of the maturity dates of our debt securities and the weighted average yield for each range of maturities as of December 31, 2025: Total Less than 1 year 1-5 years 5-10 years More than 10 years (dollars in millions) Maturities by period (excluding allowance) $ 73 $ — $ — $ 5 $ 68 Weighted average yield by period 9.5 % — % — % 3.1 % 10.0 % We had no debt securities that were impaired or on non-accrual status as of December 31, 2025 or 2024, and no allowances associated with our debt securities. Equity Method Investments We have made non-controlling equity investments in a number of projects that we account for as equity method investments. As of December 31, 2025, we held the following equity method investments: Investee Carrying Value (in millions) CarbonCount Holdings 1 LLC $ 638 Jupiter Equity Holdings, LLC $ 517 Daggett Renewable HoldCo LLC 391 Other equity method investments 2,570 Total equity method investments $ 4,116 - 87 - Jupiter Equity Holdings, LLC We have a preferred equity interest in Jupiter Equity Holdings, LLC (“Jupiter”) which owns eight operating onshore wind projects and four operating utility-scale solar projects with an aggregate capacity of approximately 2.0 gigawatts. In 2025, Jupiter sold a utility-scale wind project back to the project sponsor, as the sponsor had elected to repower the project. Jupiter incurred a GAAP loss upon the sale, and we were allocated a $ 108 million GAAP loss as a result of HLBV during the quarter ended December 31, 2025. Our investment in Jupiter is a preferred investment at the portfolio level whereby cash from other projects can be swept to protect our return, and those other projects continue to operate. Through December 31, 2025, we have made capital contributions to Jupiter of approximately $ 562 million related to these projects reflecting final funding true-ups after all projects reached substantial completion. Alongside the project sponsor and under terms outlined in the partnership agreement, we have $ 78 million in loans outstanding to Jupiter for payments to allow for the restructuring of certain power purchase agreements and tax equity arrangements, which we expect to increase both near-term cash flows and expected lifetime return. Those loans are included in our Related Party Transactions disclosures below. The projects typically feature cash flows from fixed-price power purchase agreements and financial hedges contracted with highly creditworthy offtakers and counterparties. Jupiter is governed by an amended and restated limited liability company agreement, dated July 1, 2020, by and among the members, one of our subsidiaries and a subsidiary of the project sponsor, which contains customary terms and conditions. We own 100 % of the Class A Units in Jupiter corresponding to 49 % of the distributions from Jupiter subject to the preferences discussed below. Most major decisions that may impact Jupiter, its subsidiaries or its assets, require the majority vote of a four person committee on which we and the project sponsor each have two representatives. Through Jupiter, we will be entitled to preferred distributions until certain return targets are achieved. Once these return targets are achieved, distributions will be allocated approximately 33 % to us and approximately 67 % to the sponsor. We and the sponsor each have a right of first offer if the other party desires to transfer any of its equity ownership to a third party. We use the equity method of accounting to account for our preferred equity interest in Jupiter, and have elected to recognize earnings from this investment one quarter in arrears to allow for the receipt of financial information. Daggett Renewable HoldCo LLC We have a preferred equity investment in Daggett Renewable HoldCo LLC (“Daggett”) which owns two utility-scale solar projects developed and managed by the project sponsor. We have made investments in the preferred cash equity interests of Daggett of approximately $ 232 million through December 31, 2025, reflecting final funding true-ups after all projects reached substantial completion. The Daggett projects feature contracted cash flows with a diversified group of predominately investment grade utility offtakers. Daggett is governed by a limited liability company agreement between us and the sponsor serving as managing member and contain customary terms and conditions. Most major decisions that may impact Daggett, its subsidiaries or its assets, require a unanimous vote of the representatives present at a meeting of a review committee in which a quorum is present. The review committee is a four -person committee, which includes two of our representatives and two sponsor representatives. Commencing on a certain date following the effective date of the applicable limited liability company agreement, we will be entitled to preferred distributions until certain return targets of each investment are achieved. Subject to customary exceptions, no member can transfer any of its equity ownership in Daggett to a third party without approval of the review committee of Daggett. We use the equity method of accounting to account for our preferred equity interests in Daggett, and have elected to recognize earnings from this investment one quarter in arrears to allow for the receipt of financial information. Related party transactions CarbonCount Holdings 1 LLC We, through our indirect subsidiary, HASI CarbonCount Holdings 1, LLC (“HASI CarbonCount”) and Hoops Midco, LLC (“KKR Hoops”), an investment vehicle managed by an affiliate of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (“KKR”), entered into agreements to acquire interests in CarbonCount Holdings 1 LLC (“CCH1”), established to invest in certain eligible climate positive projects across the United States, as further described below. At inception, HASI CarbonCount and KKR Hoops committed $ 1 billion to CCH1 to be invested in eligible assets during an 18 month investment period. In 2025, HASI CarbonCount and KKR made an additional capital commitment of $ 500 million each and extended the investment period to the earlier of the end of 2027 or when all commitments have been utilized. Through our indirect subsidiaries, HASI Securities, LLC (the “Broker-Dealer”) and CarbonCount Holdings Manager LLC (the “Asset Manager”, and, together with the Broker-Dealer, the “Service Providers”), we are engaged by CCH1 pursuant to a services agreement (the “Services Agreement”) to provide certain services to CCH1. CCH1 is governed by a board of directors (“the CCH1 Board”) currently composed of four directors, two of whom are appointed by us and two of whom are appointed by KKR Hoops. Actions of the CCH1 Board generally require the affirmative vote of at least three out of four directors. Pursuant to the Services Agreement, the CCH1 Board has delegated to the Service - 88 - Providers certain rights and powers to manage the day-to-day business and affairs of CCH1, while retaining control over the significant decision making of CCH1. We account for our investment in CCH1 as an equity method investment. The Broker-Dealer sources investment opportunities for CCH1 pursuant to the terms of the Services Agreement. Through the Broker-Dealer, HASI is obligated to present all of the investment opportunities it identifies that fit within certain predetermined criteria to the CCH1 Board until either joint venture party’s commitment has been fully invested or upon the date that the 42 -month investment period described above expires or is earlier terminated. The investment criteria under the Services Agreement includes investment opportunities that we would typically have originated on our balance sheet. CCH1 pays the Broker-Dealer, for provision of the services provided, an upfront fee on each funding of investments generally equal to 1 % of the total cash consideration funded by CCH1 to the applicable investment counterparty. CCH1 also pays the Asset Manager, for provision of the services provided by it, ongoing fees in respect of asset management and administering the management and operation of CCH1, payable when deducted from CCH1’s cash available for distribution. The fee payable to the Asset Manager is calculated on the basis of certain performance thresholds and will generally not be less than 0.5 % of invested capital per annum, subject to certain limited exceptions, nor more than 1.00 %. To date, both we and KKR have each funded $ 587 million of our individual $ 1.5 billion commitment amount. As of December 31, 2025, CCH1 contains $ 1.9 billion book value in investment assets, 75 % of which are equity method investments, and 25 % of which are receivables and debt securities. Of the assets in CCH1, $ 1.0 billion and $ 0.3 billion were fee-generating assets representing other investors’ share of our co-investment structures as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. In 2025, CCH1 entered into an agreement to issue up to $ 592 million of senior notes due 2045 pursuant to a note purchase agreement and $ 307 million in secured debt pursuant to a delayed-draw term loan agreement. Debt in the amount of $ 684 million has been issued as of December 31, 2025. Debt proceeds are used to make investments incremental to the $ 1.5 billion commitment per investor. In December 2025, we advanced $ 63 million of KKR’s equity contribution on their behalf, which is included as a cash outflow in Other within the Investing Activities within our statement of cash flows. We were reimbursed this amount by KKR in January 2026. While we do not recognize our income from CCH1 in arrears, CCH1 typically recognizes income from its equity method investees one quarter in arrears to allow for its receipt of financial information. Other Related Party Transactions As of December 31, 2025, of our receivables, approximately $ 629 million are loans made to entities in which we also have non-controlling equity investments of approximately $ 1.0 billion. Typically, these equity method investments are LLCs taxed as partnerships that we have entered into with various renewable energy project sponsors. We negotiate the commercial terms of these loans with the other partner, and the assets against which the project sponsors are borrowing are contributed into the LLCs. Our equity investments allow us to participate in the residual economics of those contributed assets alongside the other partner, and our rights under the project operating agreements do not allow us to make any significant unilateral decisions regarding the terms of the arrangement. These assets are bankruptcy remote from the project sponsor, and residential solar assets typically contain back-up servicer provisions to allow for continuity of operations in the event the project sponsor is unable to fulfill its duties in that capacity. We are not obligated to contribute capital to support these entities, beyond agreements to make contributions to allow for the entities to purchase additional energy transition assets. Because the loans made to these entities are typically subordinate to senior debt and tax equity investors in the projects, these loans, which typically have maturities of over ten years , may accrue PIK interest in the early years of the project until sufficient cash flow is available for our interest payments. Any change in PIK interest is included in Change in accrued interest on receivables and debt securities in the Operating section of our statement of cash flows. On a quarterly basis, we assess these loans for any impairment inclusive of any PIK interest accrued under CECL as discussed above under Receivables. The following table provides additional detail on our transactions with related party equity method investees: As of and for the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Outstanding balance of related party loans $ 629 $ 822 $ 995 Interest income from related party loans 64 81 68 Additional investments made in related party loans 177 246 324 Principal collected from related party loans 346 322 36 Interest collected from related party loans 80 64 62 - 89 - 7. Credit facility and commercial paper notes Unsecured revolving credit facility We have an unsecured revolving credit facility pursuant to a revolving credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders. In 2025, we added five new lenders to the existing syndicate and increased the maximum outstanding borrowing amount of the facility from $ 1.350 billion to $ 1.825 billion. The facility matures in April 2028. As of December 31, 2025, there is $ 46 million of outstanding borrowings under the facility and approximately $ 8 million of remaining unamortized financing costs associated with the unsecured revolving credit facility have been capitalized and included in other assets on our balance sheet and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the unsecured revolving credit facility. The current interest rate on the unsecured revolving credit facility is 5.40 %. The unsecured revolving credit facility has a commitment fee based on our current credit rating and bears interest at a rate of SOFR or prime rate plus applicable margins based on our current credit rating, which may also be adjusted up to 0.10 % to the extent our Portfolio achieves certain targeted levels of carbon emissions avoidance, as measured by our CarbonCount metric. The current applicable margins are 1.625 % for SOFR-based loans and 0.625 % for prime rate-based loans, plus an additional 0.10 %, before applying any adjustments for achieved levels of carbon emissions avoidance. The unsecured revolving credit facility contains terms, conditions, covenants, and representations and warranties that are customary and typical for transactions of this nature, including various affirmative and negative covenants, and limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates, stock repurchases, and dividends we can declare. The unsecured revolving credit facility also includes customary events of default and remedies. At our option, upon maturity of the unsecured revolving credit facility, we have the ability to convert amounts borrowed into term loans for a fee equal to 1.875 % of the term loan amounts. Credit-Enhanced Commercial Paper Note Program We have a Green CarbonCount Commercial Paper Note Program (the “commercial paper program”) that allows us to issue commercial paper notes at any time, with such notes supported by an irrevocable direct-pay letter of credit from Bank of America, N.A (“Credit-Enhanced Commercial Paper Notes”). The capacity of the program allows for up to $ 125 million outstanding at any time, and the program matures in April 2026. Bank of America provides a direct-pay letter of credit to the noteholders in the same amount of each Credit-Enhanced Commercial Paper Note. The letter of credit is automatically drawn upon at maturity of a Credit-Enhanced Commercial Paper Note and the noteholders are repaid in full. We have a five business-day grace period during which we repay Bank of America for the amount drawn or issue a new Credit-Enhanced Commercial Paper Note. Following the five business-day grace period, any amount then-outstanding is converted into a loan from Bank of America. Credit-Enhanced Commercial Paper Notes are not redeemable or subject to voluntary prepayment and cannot exceed 397 days. An amount equal to the proceeds of our Credit-Enhanced Commercial Paper Notes are allocated to either the acquisition or refinance of, in whole or in part, eligible green projects, including assets that are neutral to negative on incremental carbon emissions. As of December 31, 2025, we have no Credit-Enhanced Commercial Paper Notes outstanding under the facility. Credit-Enhanced Commercial Paper Notes will be issued at a discount based on market pricing, subject to broker fees of 0.10 %. For issuance of the letter of credit, we will pay 1.325 % on any drawn letter of credit amounts to Bank of America, N.A., and 0.35 % on any unused letter of credit capacity. Any loans converted from drawn letter of credit amounts bear interest at a rate of Term SOFR plus 1.875 %, plus an additional 0.10 %. Fees paid on the drawn letters of credit may be adjusted by up to 0.10 % to the extent our Portfolio achieves certain targeted levels of carbon emissions avoidance as measured by our CarbonCount metric. As of December 31, 2025, we have no remaining unamortized financing costs associated with the program and associated letter of credit. The associated letter of credit contains terms, conditions, covenants, and representations and warranties that are customary and typical for a transaction of this nature, including various affirmative and negative covenants, and limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates, use of proceeds, stock repurchases and dividends we declare. The letter of credit also includes customary events of default and remedies. - 90 - Standalone Commercial Paper Program We issue unsecured short-term promissory notes pursuant to a CarbonCount Green Commercial Paper Program which are guaranteed by certain of our subsidiaries (“Standalone Commercial Paper Notes”). Standalone Commercial Paper Notes are issued at a discount based on market pricing, subject to broker fees of 0.05 %. Standalone Commercial Paper Notes are not redeemable, are not subject to voluntary prepayment, and are not to exceed 397 days. Our Board has approved the issuance of up to $ 1 billion principal amount of Standalone Commercial Paper Notes at any given time. As a credit enhancement for our Standalone Commercial Paper Notes, we reserve capacity under our unsecured revolving credit facility for the principal amount of any outstanding Standalone Commercial Paper Notes. The proceeds from our Standalone Commercial Paper Notes are used to acquire or refinance, in whole or in part, eligible green projects, including assets that are neutral to negative on incremental carbon emissions. As of December 31, 2025, we had $ 226 million principal amount of Standalone Commercial Paper Notes outstanding, which bear an average borrowing cost of 4.52 % and mature in 2026. Senior secured revolving credit agreement In 2024, we entered into a senior secured revolving credit agreement with a maximum outstanding principal amount of $ 100 million which matures in 2029, under which we could pledge collateral to the facility in the form of certain qualifying land assets or assets secured by land. In 2025, we terminated the agreement in exchange for the lender joining the syndicate of lenders participating in our unsecured revolving credit facility. 8. Long-term Debt Senior Notes We have outstanding senior unsecured notes issued by us or jointly by certain of our subsidiaries which are guaranteed by the Company and certain other subsidiaries (the “Senior Notes”). We are in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. The Senior Notes impose certain requirements in the event that we merge with or sell substantially all of our assets to another entity. We allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of our Senior Notes to the acquisition or refinance of, in whole or in part, eligible green projects, including assets that are neutral to negative on incremental carbon emissions. In 2025, we issued $ 600 million principal amount of Senior Notes due in 2031 (“2031 Senior Notes”) and $ 400 million principal amount of Senior Notes due in 2035 (“2035 Senior Notes”). We used a portion of the proceeds to complete a cash tender offer to repurchase $ 400 million principal amount of 2026 Senior Notes for $ 395 million and $ 300 million principal amount of 2027 Senior Notes for $ 314 million, inclusive of accrued interest through the settlement date. The net premium paid of $ 5 million, the write-off of debt issuance costs of $ 4 million, and approximately $ 2 million of expenses incurred in relation to the tender offer, are recorded in interest expense within our consolidated statement of operations. The following are summarized terms of the Senior Notes as of December 31, 2025: Outstanding Principal Amount Maturity Date Stated Interest Rate Interest Payment Dates Redemption Terms Modification Date (in millions) 2026 Senior Notes 600 (1) June 15, 2026 3.375 % June 15 and December 15 March 15, 2026 (2) 2027 Senior Notes 450 (1) (4) June 15, 2027 8.000 % June 15 and December 15 March 15, 2027 (3) 2030 Senior Notes 375 (5) September 15, 2030 3.750 % February 15 and August 15 N/A 2031 Senior Notes 600 (6) January 15, 2031 6.150 % January 15 and July 15 December 15, 2030 (7) 2034 Senior Notes 1,000 (8) July 1, 2034 6.375 % July 1 and January 1 N/A 2035 Senior Notes 400 (9) July 15, 2035 6.750 % January 15 and July 15 April 15, 2035 (7) (1) See above for discussion of the partial repurchases of the outstanding notes which occurred in 2025. (2) Prior to this date, we may redeem, at our option, some or all of the 2026 Senior Notes for the outstanding principal amount plus the applicable “make-whole” premium as defined in the indenture governing the 2026 Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest through the redemption date. In addition, prior to this date, we may redeem up to 40 % of the Senior Notes using the proceeds of certain equity offerings at a price equal to par plus the coupon percentage of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. On, or subsequent to, this date we may redeem the 2026 Senior Notes in whole or in part at par, plus accrued and unpaid interest though the redemption date. - 91 - (3) Prior to this date, we may redeem, at our option, some or all of the 2027 Senior Notes for the outstanding principal amount plus the applicable “make-whole” premium as defined in the indenture governing the 2027 Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest through the redemption date. In addition, prior to this date, we may redeem up to 40 % of the Senior Notes using the proceeds of certain equity offerings at a price equal to par plus the coupon percentage of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued but unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the applicable redemption date. On, or subsequent to, this date we may redeem the 2027 Senior Notes in whole or in part at a price equal to 100 % of the outstanding principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest though the redemption date. (4) In 2024, in a follow-on offering we issued $ 200 million principal amount of 2027 Senior Notes for net proceeds of $ 204 million, equivalent to a yield to maturity of 7.08 % for the new issuance. (5) We issued the $ 375 million aggregate principal amount of the 2030 Senior Notes for total proceeds of $ 371 million ($ 367 million net of issuance costs) at an effective interest rate of 3.87 %. We may redeem the 2030 Senior Notes in whole or in part at redemption prices defined in the indenture governing the 2030 Senior Notes plus accrued and unpaid interest though the redemption date. (6) We issued the $ 600 million aggregate principal amount of the 2031 Senior Notes for total proceeds of $ 598 million ($ 593 million net of issuance costs) at an effective interest rate of 6.218 %. (7) Prior to this date, we may redeem, at our option, some or all of the applicable notes for the outstanding principal amount plus the applicable “make-whole” premium as defined in the indenture governing the applicable notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest through the redemption date. On, or subsequent to, this date, we may redeem the applicable notes in whole or in part at a price equal to 100 % of the outstanding principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest through the redemption date. (8) In 2024, we issued $ 700 million principal amount of 2034 Senior Notes, which bear interest at a rate of 6.375 %. The notes were issued for gross proceeds of $ 695 million, resulting in a yield to maturity of 6.476 %. In December 2024, we issued an additional $ 300 million principal amount of 2034 Senior Notes for gross proceeds of $ 300 million. (9) We issued the $ 400 million aggregate principal amount of the 2035 Senior Notes for total proceeds of $ 398 million ($ 395 million net of issuance costs) at an effective interest rate of 6.815 %. The following table presents a summary of the components of the Senior Notes: As of and for the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Principal $ 3,425 $ 3,125 Accrued interest 73 41 Unamortized premium (discount) ( 9 ) ( 4 ) Less: Unamortized financing costs ( 23 ) ( 23 ) Carrying value of Senior Notes $ 3,466 $ 3,139 Interest expense $ 190 $ 148 Junior Subordinated Notes In 2025, we issued $ 500 million aggregate principal amount of Green Junior Subordinated Notes due in 2056 (“2056 Junior Subordinated Notes”) which are guaranteed by the Company and certain other Subsidiaries on a subordinated basis. The 2056 Junior Subordinated Notes bear interest at a rate of 8.000 % per year until June 1, 2031. After that date, the interest rate resets every five years to the then-current five-year Treasury rate plus a spread of 4.301 %, provided that the interest rate will not be reset below 8.000 %. Subject to the Company’s right to defer interest payments in certain circumstances, interest on the 2056 Junior Subordinated Notes will be paid semi-annually in arrears on each June 1 and December 1, commencing June 1, 2026. We may redeem the 2056 Junior Subordinated Notes in whole or in part at a price equal to 100 % of the principal amount being redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, on or after March 3, 2031. Our Junior Subordinated Notes provided for certain covenants, including certain requirements in the event that we merge with or sell substantially all of our assets to another entity. We will use cash equal to the net proceeds from the offering of the 2056 Junior Subordinated Notes to acquire, invest in or refinance, in whole or in part, new and/or existing eligible green projects. In the event of ratings downgrade by two or more rating agencies due to a change of control, there is a provision in the Junior Subordinated Notes that requires us to either elect to redeem the notes at 101 % of the principal amount plus accrued and unpaid interest or, if we elect not to redeem the notes, and we have not given a redemption notice for any other specified reason, the interest rate will be increased by 5.00 %. - 92 - The following table presents a summary of the components of our Junior Subordinated Notes: As of and for the year ended December 31, 2025 (in millions) Principal $ 500 Accrued interest 5 Less: Unamortized financing costs ( 7 ) Carrying value of Junior Subordinated Notes $ 498 Interest expense $ 5 Convertible Notes We have outstanding exchangeable senior notes, and have previously issued convertible senior notes, together “Convertible Notes”. Holders may convert or exchange any of their Convertible Notes into shares of our common stock at the applicable conversion or exchange ratio at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, unless the Convertible Notes have been previously redeemed or repurchased by us. The following are summarized terms of the Convertible Notes as of December 31, 2025: Outstanding Principal Amount Maturity Date Stated Interest Rate Interest Payment Dates Conversion/Exchange Ratio Conversion/ Exchange Price Issuable Shares Dividend Threshold Amount (1) (in millions) (in millions) 2025 Exchangeable Senior Notes $ — (2) May 1, 2025 0.000 % N/A 17.8724 $ 55.95 — $ 0.375 2028 Exchangeable Senior Notes 403 August 15, 2028 3.750 % February 15 and August 15 37.0771 26.97 14.9 $ 0.395 (1) The conversion or exchange ratio is subject to adjustment for dividends declared above these amounts per share per quarter and certain other events that may be dilutive to the holder. (2) In 2025, we used $ 220 million in proceeds from our unsecured revolving line of credit to repay the 2025 Exchangeable Senior Notes inclusive of accrued interest which was paid at maturity in the form of an accreted premium. For the 2028 Exchangeable Senior Notes, following the occurrence of a make-whole fundamental change, we will, in certain circumstances, increase the exchange rate for a holder that converts its exchangeable notes in connection with such make-whole fundamental change. Upon exchange of the 2028 Exchangeable Senior Notes, exchange may be settled through cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election (as described in the indenture related to the 2028 Exchangeable Senior Notes). Additionally, upon the occurrence of certain fundamental changes involving us, holders of the 2028 Exchangeable Senior Notes may require us to redeem all or a portion of their notes for cash at a price of 100 % of the principal amount outstanding, plus accrued and unpaid interest. We may redeem the 2028 Exchangeable Senior Notes in whole or in part, at our option, on or after August 20, 2026 and prior to the 62nd scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date for such notes, if certain conditions are met including our common stock trading above 130 % of the exchange price for at least 20 trading days, as set forth in the indenture relating to the 2028 Exchangeable Senior Notes. Any shares of our common stock issuable upon exchange of the 2028 Exchangeable Senior Notes will have certain registration rights. Upon any exchange of these Notes, holders will receive a number of shares of our common stock equal to the product of (i) the aggregate initial principal amount of the notes to be exchanged, divided by $1,000 and (ii) the applicable exchange rate, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares. We have allocated an amount equal to the net proceeds of this offering to the acquisition or refinancing of, in whole or in part, new and/or existing eligible green projects, which include assets that are neutral to negative on incremental carbon emissions. - 93 - The following table presents a summary of the components of our Convertible Notes: As of and for the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 (in millions) Principal $ 403 $ 603 Accrued interest 5 6 Premium — 18 Less: Unamortized financing costs ( 5 ) ( 7 ) Carrying value of Convertible Notes $ 403 $ 620 Interest expense $ 20 $ 25 In order to mitigate the potential dilution to our common stock upon exchange of the 2028 Exchangeable Senior Notes, we entered into privately-negotiated capped call transactions (“Capped Calls”) with certain counterparties. The Capped Calls are separate transactions and are not part of the terms of the 2028 Exchangeable Senior Notes. The total premium for the Capped Calls was recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. The Company used a portion of the proceeds from the 2028 Exchangeable Senior Notes to pay for the cost of the Capped Call premium. The material terms of the Capped Calls are as follows: (in millions except per share data) Aggregate cost of capped calls $ 38 Initial strike price per share $ 27.14 Initial cap price per share $ 43.42 Shares of our common stock covered by the capped calls 14.8 Expiration date August 15, 2028 CarbonCount Term Loan Facility We have entered into a CarbonCount Term Loan Facility (the “Unsecured Term Loan Facility”) with a syndicate of banks. Under the Unsecured Term Loan Facility, which matures in 2027, loans can be prepaid without penalty. Principal amounts under the Unsecured Term Loan Facility will bear interest at a rate of Term SOFR plus applicable margins based on our current credit rating, which may be adjusted up to 0.10 % to the extent our Portfolio achieves certain targeted levels of carbon emissions avoidance, as measured by our CarbonCount metric. As of December 31, 2025, the applicable margin is 1.875 % plus 0.10 %. The coupon on any drawn amounts will be reset at monthly, quarterly, or semi-annual intervals at our election. Interest is due and payable monthly. Payments of 1.25 % of the outstanding principal balance are due quarterly. We intend to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds of this offering to the acquisition or refinancing of, in whole or in part, new and/or existing eligible green projects, which include assets that are neutral to negative on incremental carbon emissions. As of December 31, 2025, the outstanding principal and accrued interest balance is $ 234 million, and the current interest rate is 5.64 %. Amounts which were due under the Unsecured Term Loan Facility as of December 31, 2025 are as follows: Year Ending December 31, Future maturities (in millions) 2026 $ 12 2027 222 Total $ 234 Less: Unamortized financing costs ( 2 ) Carrying Value $ 232 The Unsecured Term Loan Facility contains terms, conditions, covenants, and representations and warranties that are customary and typical for a transaction of this nature, including various affirmative and negative covenants, and limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature - 94 - of business, transactions with affiliates, stock repurchases and dividends we declare. The Unsecured Term Loan Facility also includes customary events of default and remedies. Secured Term Loan We have a secured term loan (“Secured Term Loan”) with a maturity date of January 2028, under which principal amounts bear interest at a rate of Daily Term SOFR plus a credit spread of 2.25 %, plus 0.10 %. We are required to hold interest rate swaps with notional values equal to 85 % of the outstanding principal amount of the loan. The Secured Term Loan is subject to mandatory principal amortization of 5 % per annum, with principal and interest payments due quarterly. The Secured Term Loan contains terms, conditions, covenants, and representations and warranties that are customary and typical for a transaction of this nature, including various affirmative and negative covenants, and limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates, use of proceeds, stock repurchases and dividends we declare. The Secured Term Loan also includes customary events of default and remedies. As of December 31, 2025, the outstanding principal and accrued interest balance is $ 156 million, the interest rate as of the last rate reset is 6.36 %, and we have receivables, retained interests in securitization trusts, and equity method investments pledged with a carrying value of $ 422 million. Amounts which were due under the Secured Term Loan Facility as of December 31, 2025 are as follows: Year Ending December 31, Future maturities (in millions) 2026 $ 11 2027 11 2028 134 Total 156 Less: Unamortized Financing Costs ( 2 ) Carrying Value $ 154 Delayed-draw term loan agreement In 2025, we entered into an agreement that provides for a delayed-draw term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of up to $ 250 million, available to be drawn during the period from March 16, 2026 through the earlier of June 15, 2026 or the date when the full principal amount is drawn. Drawn loans, if any, mature on June 15, 2028. The facility has a commitment fee during the availability period, and bears interest at a rate of SOFR or alternative base rate plus applicable margins based on our current credit rating. The current applicable margins are 1.650 % for SOFR-based loans and 0.650 % for alternative base rate-based loans. The delayed-draw term loan facility contains terms, conditions, covenants, and representations and warranties that are customary and typical for transactions of this nature, including various affirmative and negative covenants, and limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates, stock repurchases, and dividends we can declare. The delayed-draw term loan facility also includes customary events of default and remedies. Non-recourse debt We have outstanding the following asset-backed non-recourse debt and bank loans: Outstanding Balance as of December 31, Interest Rate Maturity Date Anticipated Balance at Maturity Carrying Value of Assets Pledged as of December 31, Description of Assets Pledged 2025 2024 2025 2024 (dollars in millions) HASI Harmony Issuer 93 96 6.78 % July 2043 — 274 266 Equity method investments Other non-recourse debt (1) 35 40 3.15 % - 7.23 % 2026 to 2032 17 37 41 Receivables Unamortized financing costs ( 3 ) ( 4 ) Non-recourse debt (2) $ 125 $ 132 (1) Other non-recourse debt consists of various debt agreements used to finance certain of our receivables. Scheduled debt service payment requirements are equal to or less than the cash flows received from the underlying receivables. - 95 - (2) The total collateral pledged against our non-recourse debt was $ 311 million and $ 307 million as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. These amounts include $ 35 million and $ 20 million of restricted cash pledged for debt service payments as of December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, respectively. We have pledged the financed assets, and typically our interests in one or more parents or subsidiaries of the borrower that are legally separate bankruptcy remote special purpose entities as security for the non-recourse debt. There is no recourse for repayment of these obligations other than to the applicable borrower and any collateral pledged as security for the obligations. Generally, the assets and credit of these entities are not available to satisfy any of our other debts and obligations. The creditors can only look to the borrower, the cash flows of the pledged assets and any other collateral pledged, to satisfy the debt and we are not otherwise liable for nonpayment of such cash flows. The debt agreements contain terms, conditions, covenants, and representations and warranties that are customary and typical for transactions of this nature, including limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates, use of proceeds and stock repurchases. The agreements also include customary events of default, the occurrence of which may result in termination of the agreements, acceleration of amounts due, and accrual of default interest. We typically act as servicer for the debt transactions. We were in compliance with all covenants as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. We have guaranteed the accuracy of certain of the representations and warranties and other obligations of certain of our subsidiaries under certain of the debt agreements and provided an indemnity against certain losses from “bad acts” of such subsidiaries including fraud, failure to disclose a material fact, theft, misappropriation, voluntary bankruptcy or unauthorized transfers. The stated minimum maturities of non-recourse debt as of December 31, 2025, were as follows: Year Ending December 31, Future minimum maturities (in millions) 2026 $ 15 2027 14 2028 6 2029 10 2030 7 Thereafter 76 Total minimum maturities 128 Unamortized financing costs ( 3 ) Total non-recourse debt $ 125 The stated minimum maturities of non-recourse debt above include only the mandatory minimum principal payments. To the extent there are additional cash flows received from the pledged assets serving as collateral for certain of our non-recourse debt facilities, these additional cash flows may be required to be used to make additional principal payments against the respective debt. Any additional principal payments made due to these provisions may impact the anticipated balance at maturity of these financings. To the extent there are not sufficient cash flows received from those assets pledged as collateral, the investor has no recourse against other corporate assets to recover any shortfalls. Interest rate swaps We have entered into certain derivatives designed to hedge interest rate risk associated with certain of our floating-rate interest exposures, including floating-rate loans from our Unsecured Term Loan Facility, unsecured revolving credit facility, Secured Term Loan and the anticipated refinancings of certain of our Senior Notes. From time to time we may also enter into forward-starting interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risks associated with incremental debt we expect to issue. We have entered into the following derivative transactions that are designated as cash flow hedges as of December 31, 2025: - 96 - Instrument Type Index Hedged Rate Notional Value Fair Value as of Term of Derivative and Forecasted Transaction December 31, 2025 December 31, 2024 ($ in millions) Interest rate swap 1 month SOFR 3.79 % $ 200 $ ( 3 ) $ 3 March 2023 to March 2033 Interest rate swap Overnight SOFR 2.98 % 400 (1) — 24 June 2026 to June 2033 Interest rate swap Overnight SOFR 3.09 % 600 20 32 June 2026 to June 2033 Interest rate collar 1 month SOFR 3.70 % - 4.00 % (2) 250 — — May 2023 to May 2026 Interest rate swaps Overnight SOFR 4.39 % to 4.42 % (3) 158 ( 6 ) ( 3 ) September 2023 to June 2033 Interest rate swap Overnight SOFR 3.72 % 375 8 11 June 2027 to June 2037 (1) In 2025, we settled this swap for cash proceeds of approximately $ 16 million. The associated benefit in AOCI will be released into net income as a benefit to interest expense over the period of the forecasted transactions. (2) Interest rate collar consists of a purchased interest rate cap of 4.00 % and a written interest rate floor of 3.70 %. (3) Consists of multiple interest rate swaps with identical maturities and effective dates. The fair values of our interest rate derivatives designated and qualifying as effective cash flow hedges are reflected in our consolidated balance sheets as a component of other assets (if in an unrealized gain position) or accounts payable, accrued expenses and other (if in an unrealized loss position) and in net unrealized gains and losses in AOCI. As of December 31, 2025, all of our derivatives were designated as hedging instruments which were deemed to be effective. As of December 31, 2025, we have posted $ 10 million of collateral, $ 6 million of which is netted against the derivative liability included in accounts payable, accrued expenses, and other on our balance sheet, with the remainder in other assets. We hold $ 11 million of collateral posted by our counterparties, which we have netted against the derivative asset which is included in other assets on our balance sheet. The below table shows the changes in our AOCI balance related to our interest rate derivatives designated and qualifying as effective cash flow hedges: (Amounts in millions) Beginning Balance - January 1, 2024 $ 1 Changes in fair value 95 Amounts released into interest expense ( 10 ) Ending balance - December 31, 2024 86 Changes in fair value ( 23 ) Amounts released into interest expense ( 4 ) Ending balance - December 31, 2025 $ 59 We expect a net benefit of approximately $ 4 million to be released out of AOCI into interest expense over the 12 months following December 31, 2025. The below table shows the benefit (expense) included in interest expense as a result of our hedging activities as of December 31, 2025. For the Year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (amounts in millions) Benefit included in interest expense due to hedging activities 4 10 6 - 97 - Certain of the projects in which we have equity method investments also have interest rate swaps which are designated as cash flow hedges, and we recognize the portion of the gain or loss allocated to us related to those instruments through other comprehensive income. In 2025, we entered into forward-starting interest rate swaps with a notional value of $ 550 million to manage interest rate risk associated with future expected debt issuances. We financially settled these instruments for cash proceeds of $ 9 million in 2025 in connection with the issuance of the 2031 Senior Notes, the 2035 Senior Notes, and the 2056 Junior Subordinated Notes as described in Note 8 above. The associated benefit in AOCI will be released into net income as a benefit to interest expense over the period of the forecasted transactions. 9. Commitments and Contingencies Litigation The nature of our operations exposes us to the risk of claims and litigation in the normal course of our business. We are not currently subject to any legal proceedings that are probable of having a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Guarantees and other commitments In connection with some of our transactions, we have provided certain limited representations, warranties, covenants and/or provided an indemnity against certain losses resulting from our own actions, including related to certain investment tax credits. As of December 31, 2025, there have been no such actions resulting in claims against the Company. As a part of broader project restructuring in order to increase our expected cash flows from the investment, we alongside the project sponsor, made guarantees to support the working capital needs of two of the project companies owned by Jupiter, an equity method investee. The guarantees are in effect until the tax equity investors in those project companies achieve their target preferred returns. Our contractual maximum under these guarantees is $ 53 million, and is limited to $ 20 million in any particular calendar year. If required, we would satisfy these guarantees by making additional equity contributions to Jupiter. As of December 31, 2025, we have no liability recorded as a result of these guarantees as we believe it is not probable we will be required to perform under them. As of December 31, 2025 we have not been asked to perform under them. We have made a guarantee related to the financing of four of our joint venture entities that own debt securities of energy efficiency projects. We received $ 88 million of the proceeds of this financing arrangement, and in turn have guaranteed the obligations of the entity related to this financing, which includes collateral posting requirements as well as repayment of the financing at maturity in August 2026. As of December 31, 2025, our maximum obligation under this guarantee is approximately $ 104 million. We believe the likelihood of having to perform under the guarantee is remote, have recorded no liability associated with this guarantee, and presently have not been required to post collateral as the assets of the joint venture entities are enough to support the financing obligation. We have executed a separate agreement with our joint venture partner pursuant to which it is liable for 15 % of this obligation repayable to us. 10. Income Tax As discussed in Note 1, as a result of expanding opportunities in non-qualifying REIT assets, effective January 1, 2024, we have elected to revoke our REIT election, and are taxed as a C Corporation beginning in tax year 2024. Commencing with the taxable year ended December 31, 2024, all of the Company’s taxable income is subject to U.S. federal and state income tax at the applicable corporate tax rate. Dividends paid to stockholders are no longer tax deductible. The Company is also no longer subject to the REIT compliance requirements for assets, income, or distributions to stockholders among other REIT compliance requirements. Operating as a taxable C Corporation provides the Company with flexibility to execute various strategic initiatives without the constraints of complying with REIT requirements, including increased investing in power generating, transportation, and alternative fuel assets that are not REIT qualifying. The Company’s transition to a taxable C Corporation is not expected to result in significant incremental current income tax expense in the near term due to the availability of net operating loss (“NOL”) carryforwards and tax credits typically offered by the assets in which we often invest. We recorded an income tax expense of approximately $ 85 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, a $ 70 million tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2024, and a $ 32 million tax expense for the year ended 2023. The statutory federal income tax expense and benefits recorded were determined using a rate of 21%. Our deferred tax assets and liabilities were measured using a federal rate of 21%. All of the Company's pre-tax income for the years presented was generated in the United States and all income tax expense recognized relates solely to deferred tax expense. No material cash income taxes were paid to the United States or state and local jurisdictions during the year ended December 31, 2025. The provision (benefit) for income taxes consists of the following: - 98 - 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Current tax expense Federal $ — $ — $ — State and local — — — Total current tax expense $ — $ — $ — Deferred tax expense Federal $ 58 $ 48 $ 23 State and local 27 22 9 Total deferred tax expense $ 85 $ 70 $ 32 Total income tax expense $ 85 $ 70 $ 32 The following table reconciles the U.S. federal statutory tax rate and expense to the effective income tax rate and expense: For the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 Amount Percent Amount Percent Amount Percent (dollars in millions) Federal statutory income tax rate $ 57 21 % $ 58 21 % $ 38 21 % Changes in rate resulting from: State and local income tax, net of federal effect (1) State and local taxes 13 5 % 14 5 % 3 2 % State deferred tax remeasurement ( 8 ) ( 3 ) % 9 3 % — — % State deferred tax other adjustments 21 8 % — — % — — % Tax Credits Energy tax credits ( 6 ) ( 2 ) % ( 9 ) ( 3 ) % ( 10 ) ( 6 ) % Changes in valuation allowance — — % — — % ( 10 ) ( 6 ) % Nontaxable or nondeductible items Share-based compensation 5 2 % 5 2 % 3 2 % REIT benefit/dividends paid deduction — — % — — % ( 25 ) ( 14 ) % Other — — % 2 1 % 2 1 % Other reconciling differences Recognition of deferred tax liability from REIT revocation — — % — — % 33 18 % Prior period adjustments (2) 3 1 % ( 8 ) ( 3 ) % ( 1 ) — % Other — — % ( 1 ) — % ( 1 ) ( 1 ) % Effective tax rate $ 85 32 % 70 26 % $ 32 17 % (1) State taxes in California and Maryland made up the majority (greater than 50 percent) of the tax effect in this category. (2) Prior period adjustments included above primarily relate to changes in estimates made in calculating the Company's tax provision and estimates of taxable income from investments. Our deferred tax liability was $ 237 million and $ 155 million as of December 31, 2025 and 2024. Our deferred tax liability is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other on our consolidated balance sheet. Deferred income taxes represent the tax effect from continuing operations of the differences between the book and tax basis of assets and liabilities. Deferred tax assets (liabilities) include the following as of December 31: - 99 - 2025 2024 (in millions) Net operating loss (NOL) carryforwards $ 189 $ 219 Tax credit carryforwards 47 40 Share-based compensation 3 2 Gross deferred tax assets 239 261 Equity method investments ( 394 ) ( 338 ) Receivables basis difference $ ( 75 ) $ ( 68 ) Other ( 7 ) ( 10 ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ( 476 ) ( 416 ) Net deferred tax liabilities $ ( 237 ) $ ( 155 ) We have unused NOLs of $ 843 million and tax credits of approximately $ 42 million. Approximately $ 42 million of our NOLs will begin to expire in 2034. If we were to experience a change in control as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, our ability to utilize NOLs in the years after the change in control would be limited. Similar rules and limitation may apply for state tax purposes as well. Of our NOLs, $ 801 million were added in taxable years after 2017 which are not subject to expiration but are limited to 80% of taxable income. We have invested, and continue to invest in the normal course of business, in projects which generate tax credits and other tax attributes such as depreciation. Our tax credits related to investments made through 2025 begin to expire in 2034. We have no examinations in progress, none are expected at this time, and years 2022 through 2025 are open. As of December 2025 and 2024, we had no uncertain tax positions. Our policy is to recognize interest expense and penalties related to income tax matters as a component of general and administrative expense. There were no accrued interest and penalties as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, and no interest and penalties were recognized during the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, or 2023. For federal income tax purposes, the cash dividends paid for the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2024 are characterized as follows: 2025 2024 Common distributions Taxable dividend (1) 43 % — % Return of capital 57 % 100 % Total common distributions 100 % 100 % (1) 100 % of the taxable dividend is eligible to be treated as a qualified dividend. 11. Equity Dividends and Distributions Our Board declared the following dividends in 2024, 2025, and 2026: Announced Date Record Date Pay Date Amount per share 2/15/2024 4/5/2024 4/19/2024 $ 0.415 5/7/2024 7/3/2024 7/12/2024 0.415 8/1/2024 10/4/2024 10/18/2024 0.415 11/7/2024 12/30/2024 (1) 1/10/2025 0.415 2/13/2025 4/4/2025 4/18/2025 0.420 5/7/2025 7/2/2025 7/11/2025 0.420 8/7/2025 10/3/2025 10/17/2025 0.420 11/6/2025 12/29/2025 (1) 1/9/2026 0.420 2/12/2026 4/2/2026 4/17/2026 0.425 (1) These dividends are treated as distributions in the following year for tax purposes. - 100 - Equity Offerings We have an effective universal shelf registration statement registering the potential offer and sale, from time to time and in one or more offerings, of any combination of our common stock, preferred stock, depositary shares, debt securities, warrants and rights (collectively referred to as the “securities”). We may offer the securities directly, through agents, or to or through underwriters by means of ordinary brokers’ transactions on the NYSE or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of sale or at negotiated prices and may include “at the market” (“ATM”) offerings to or through a market maker or into an existing trading market on an exchange or otherwise. We have a dividend reinvestment and stock purchase plan, allowing stockholders and holders of OP Units (including LTIP Units) to purchase shares of our common stock by reinvesting cash dividends or distributions received. We completed the following public offerings (including ATM issuances) of our common stock during 2025 and 2024: Date/Period Common Stock Offerings Shares Issued Price Per Share (1) Net Proceeds (2) (amounts in millions, except per share amounts) Q1 2024 ATM 1.193 $ 25.89 $ 31 Q2 2024 ATM 1.662 31.42 52 Q3 2024 ATM 3.040 32.55 98 Q4 2024 ATM 0.753 32.01 24 Q1 2025 ATM 1.629 29.07 47 Q2 2025 ATM 2.755 26.91 73 Q3 2025 ATM 2.435 27.94 67 Q4 2025 ATM 1.543 32.40 50 (1) Represents the average price per share at which investors in our ATM offerings purchased our shares. (2) Net proceeds from the offerings are shown after deducting underwriting discounts, commissions and other offering costs. Equity-based Compensation Awards We have 7,500,000 awards authorized for issuance under our current equity-based compensation plan and have 4,289,301 awards remaining available for issuance as of December 31, 2025. These outstanding awards vest from 2026 to 2029 subject service, performance and market conditions. During the year ended December 31, 2025, our Board awarded employees and directors 906,368 shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units, and LTIP Units that vest from 2026 to 2029. Refer to Note 4 for background on the LTIP Units. A summary of equity-based compensation expense and the fair value of shares and LTIP Units vested on the vesting date for the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 is shown below. 2025 2024 2023 (in millions) Equity-based compensation expense $ 27 $ 23 $ 18 Fair value of awards vested on vesting date 11 8 11 We have a retirement policy which provides for full vesting at retirement of any time-based awards that were granted prior to the date of retirement and permits the vesting of market-based or performance-based awards that were granted prior to the date of retirement according to the original vesting schedule of the award, subject to the achievement of the applicable market or performance measures. Employees are eligible for the retirement policy upon meeting age and years of service criteria.The total unrecognized compensation expense related to awards of shares of restricted stock, restricted stock units, and LTIP Units was approximately $ 19 million as of December 31, 2025. We expect to recognize compensation expense related to these awards over a weighted-average term of approximately 1 year. A summary of the unvested shares of restricted common stock that have been issued is as follows: - 101 - Restricted Shares of Common Stock Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Value (per share) (in millions) Ending Balance—December 31, 2023 135,667 $ 33.90 $ 4.6 Granted 232,837 26.96 6.3 Vested ( 44,540 ) 36.98 ( 1.7 ) Forfeited ( 4,584 ) 27.55 ( 0.1 ) Ending Balance—December 31, 2024 319,380 $ 28.50 $ 9.1 Granted 275,664 28.73 7.9 Vested ( 92,529 ) 29.82 ( 2.8 ) Forfeited ( 38,564 ) 28.00 ( 1.0 ) Ending Balance—December 31, 2025 463,951 $ 28.41 $ 13.2 A summary of the unvested shares of restricted stock units that have market-based vesting conditions that have been issued is as follows: Restricted Stock Units (1) Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Value (per share) (in millions) Ending Balance—December 31, 2023 94,654 $ 48.42 $ 4.6 Granted — — — Incremental performance shares granted — — — Vested — — — Forfeited ( 15,912 ) 68.12 ( 1.1 ) Ending Balance—December 31, 2024 78,742 $ 44.44 $ 3.5 Granted — — — Incremental performance shares granted — — — Vested ( 4,376 ) 41.64 ( 0.2 ) Forfeited ( 26,810 ) 54.04 ( 1.4 ) Ending Balance—December 31, 2025 47,556 $ 39.29 $ 1.9 (1)    As discussed in Note 2, restricted stock units with market-based vesting conditions can vest between 0 % and 200 % subject to both the absolute performance of the Company’s common stock as well as relative performance compared to a group of peers. The incremental performance shares granted relate to the vesting of awards at the achieved performance level. A summary of the unvested LTIP Units that have time-based vesting conditions that have been issued is as follows: LTIP Units (1) Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Value (per share) (in millions) Ending Balance—December 31, 2023 477,074 $ 34.40 $ 16.5 Granted 320,063 26.96 8.6 Vested ( 236,166 ) 34.79 ( 8.2 ) Forfeited — — — Ending Balance—December 31, 2024 560,971 $ 29.99 $ 16.9 Granted 391,234 28.13 11.0 Vested ( 281,048 ) 31.79 ( 8.9 ) Forfeited ( 10,800 ) 27.77 ( 0.3 ) Ending Balance—December 31, 2025 660,357 $ 28.16 $ 18.7 (1) See Note 4 for information on the vesting of LTIP Units. - 102 - A summary of the unvested LTIP Units that have market-based vesting conditions that have been issued is as follows: LTIP Units (1) Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Value (per share) (in millions) Ending Balance—December 31, 2023 493,858 $ 47.76 $ 23.6 Granted 128,024 39.11 5.0 Incremental performance shares granted — — — Vested — — — Forfeited ( 86,274 ) 65.28 ( 5.6 ) Ending Balance—December 31, 2024 535,608 $ 42.87 $ 23.0 Granted 119,735 45.66 5.5 Incremental performance shares granted — — — Vested — — — Forfeited ( 125,550 ) 54.77 ( 6.9 ) Ending Balance—December 31, 2025 529,793 $ 40.68 $ 21.6 (1) See Note 4 for information on the vesting of LTIP Units. LTIP Units with market-based vesting conditions can vest between 0 % and 200 % subject to both the absolute performance of the Company’s common stock as well as relative performance compared to a group of peers. The incremental performance shares granted relate to the vesting of awards at the achieved performance level. A summary of the unvested LTIP Units that have performance-based vesting conditions that have been issued is as follows: LTIP Units (1) Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Value (per share) (in millions) Ending Balance—December 31, 2023 — $ — $ — Granted 128,024 25.96 3.3 Incremental performance shares granted — — — Vested — — — Forfeited — — — Ending Balance—December 31, 2024 128,024 $ 25.96 $ 3.3 Granted 119,735 $ 28.73 $ 3.5 Incremental performance shares granted — $ — $ — Vested — $ — $ — Forfeited — $ — $ — Ending Balance—December 31, 2025 247,759 $ 27.30 $ 6.8 (1)     See Note 4 for information on the vesting of LTIP Units. LTIP Units with performance-based vesting conditions can vest between 0 % and 200 % subject to the achievement of certain adjusted earnings per share. The incremental performance shares granted relate to the vesting of awards at the achieved performance level. 12. Earnings per Share of Common Stock The net income or loss attributable to the non-controlling OP units have been excluded from the basic earnings per share and the diluted earnings per share calculations attributable to common stockholders. Unvested share-based payment awards that contain non-forfeitable rights to dividends or dividend equivalents (whether paid or unpaid) are participating securities and are excluded from net income available to common stockholders in the computation of earnings per share pursuant to the two-class method. Certain share-based awards are included in the diluted share count to the extent they are dilutive as discussed in Note 2. To the extent our Convertible Notes are dilutive under the if-converted method, we add back the interest expense to the numerator and include the weighted average shares of potential common stock over the period issuable upon conversion or exchange of the note in the denominator in calculating dilutive EPS as described in Note 2. - 103 - The computation of basic and diluted earnings per common share of our common stock is as follows: Year ended December 31, Numerator: 2025 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) Net income (loss) attributable to controlling stockholders and participating securities $ 184,547 $ 200,037 $ 148,836 Less: Dividends and distributions on participating securities ( 1,918 ) ( 1,492 ) ( 996 ) Less: Undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities — ( 37 ) — Net income (loss) attributable to controlling stockholders—basic $ 182,629 $ 198,508 $ 147,840 Add: Interest expense related to Convertible Notes under the if converted method 12,031 12,610 7,469 Add: Undistributed earnings attributable to participating securities — 37 — Net income (loss) attributable to controlling stockholders—dilutive $ 194,660 $ 211,155 $ 155,309 Denominator: Weighted-average number of common shares—basic 122,975,541 115,548,087 101,844,551 Weighted-average number of common shares—diluted 138,183,870 130,501,006 109,467,554 Basic earnings per common share $ 1.49 $ 1.72 $ 1.45 Diluted earnings per common share $ 1.41 $ 1.62 $ 1.42 Securities being allocated a portion of earnings: Weighted-average number of OP units 1,681,893 1,535,425 1,314,182 Participating securities: Unvested restricted common stock and unvested LTIP Units with time-based vesting conditions outstanding at period end 1,124,309 880,352 612,742 Potentially dilutive securities as of period end that were not dilutive for the presented periods: Unvested restricted common stock and unvested LTIP Units with time-based vesting conditions 1,124,309 880,352 612,742 Restricted stock units — 78,742 94,654 LTIP Units with market-based vesting conditions 119,735 407,584 493,858 LTIP Units with performance-based vesting conditions 247,761 128,024 — Potential shares of common stock related to Convertible Notes — 3,568,862 3,549,083 13. Equity Method Investments During the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024, and 2023 we recognized income of $ 301 million, $ 248 million, and $ 141 million respectively, from our equity method investments. We describe our accounting for the non-controlling equity investments in Note 2.  As of both December 31, 2025 and December 31, 2024, we had 47 investments which we accounted for under the equity method. The majority of these investees are limited liability companies taxed as partnerships wherein we participate in cash distributions and tax attributes according to pre-negotiated profit-sharing arrangements. The limited liability company agreements do not define a fixed percentage of our ownership of these entities, and our claims on the net assets of each investment changes over time as preferred investors achieve their pre-negotiated preferred returns. We describe our accounting for non-controlling equity investments in Note 2. The following is a summary of the consolidated balance sheets and income statements of the entities in which we have a significant equity method investment. These amounts are presented on the underlying investees’ accounting basis. In certain instances, adjustment to these equity values may be necessary in order to reflect our basis in these investments, for reasons including but not limited to the investees reporting to us being on a cost basis rather than a fair value basis or due to our allocations under HLBV differing from our purchase price of the investment. As described in Note 2, any difference between the amount of our investment and the amount of our share of underlying equity is generally amortized over the life of the assets and liabilities to which the differences relate. Our basis in equity method investments is (less than) or exceeds the basis reported to us by our investees by an aggregate amount of $( 251 ) million and $ 104 million, as of December 31, 2025 and 2024, respectively. Certain of the projects in which we have equity method investments also have interest rate swaps which are - 104 - designated as cash flow hedges, and we recognize the portion of the gain or loss allocated to us related to those instruments through other comprehensive income. As of December 31, 2025 and 2024, we have accumulated other comprehensive income net of tax effect of $ 24 million and $ 23 million respectively, related to the interest rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges by our investees. Palmetto HASI Holdings LLC Other Investments (1) Total Balance Sheet (in millions) As of September 30, 2025 Current assets $ 125 $ 1,263 $ 1,388 Total assets 3,181 20,084 23,265 Current liabilities 16 955 971 Total liabilities 1,006 9,232 10,238 Members’ equity 2,175 10,852 13,027 As of December 31, 2024 Current assets 113 925 1,038 Total assets 1,367 20,252 21,619 Current liabilities 5 1,408 1,413 Total liabilities 393 8,933 9,326 Members’ equity 974 11,319 12,293 Income Statement For the nine months ended September 30, 2025 Revenue 56 1,022 1,078 Income (loss)  from continuing operations ( 51 ) ( 303 ) ( 354 ) Net income (loss) ( 51 ) ( 303 ) ( 354 ) For the year ended December 31, 2024 Revenue 15 1,186 1,201 Income (loss) from continuing operations 1 ( 324 ) ( 323 ) Net income (loss) 1 ( 324 ) ( 323 ) For the year ended December 31, 2023 Revenue — 1,184 1,184 Income (loss) from continuing operations ( 1 ) ( 60 ) ( 61 ) Net income (loss) ( 1 ) ( 60 ) ( 61 ) (1)    Represents aggregated financial statement information for investments not separately presented. SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES For the year ended December 31, 2025 2024 2023 (in thousands) Balance at beginning of period $ 53,415 $ 52,856 $ 41,024 Charged to provision 12,145 1,059 11,832 Loan charge-offs ( 244 ) ( 500 ) — Balance at end of period $ 65,316 $ 53,415 $ 52,856 - 105 - Item 9.    Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. Item 9A.    Controls and Procedures A review and evaluation was performed by our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this Form 10-K. Based on that review and evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer have concluded that our current disclosure controls and procedures, as designed and implemented, were effective. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within our Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in our periodic reports. Management’s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by our Board, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: • pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our Company; • provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and • provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2025. In making this assessment, our management used criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 Framework). Based on this assessment, our management believes that, as of December 31, 2025, our internal control over financial reporting was effective based on those criteria. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2025 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Our Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, Ernst & Young LLP, has issued an attestation report on the effectiveness of our Company’s internal control over financial reporting. This report appears on page 66 of this annual report on Form 10-K. Item 9B.    Other Information None . Item 9C.    Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections None. - 106 - PART III Item 10.    Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance The information regarding our directors, executive officers and certain other matters required by Item 401 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to our definitive proxy statement relating to our annual meeting of stockholders (the “Proxy Statement”), to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2025. The information regarding compliance with Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act required by Item 405 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2025. The information regarding our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics required by Item 406 of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2025. The information regarding certain matters pertaining to our corporate governance required by Item 407(c)(3), (d)(4) and (d)(5) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2025. The information regarding certain matters pertaining to our insider trading policies and procedures required by Item 408(b) of Regulation S-K is incorporated by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2025. Item 11.    Executive Compensation The information regarding executive compensation and other compensation related matters required by Items 402 and 407(e)(4) and (e)(5) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2025. Item 12.    Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The tables on beneficial ownership of our Company required by Item 403 of Regulation S-K are incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2025. Securities Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans In 2013, we adopted our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2013 Plan”) and in 2022, we adopted our 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the “2022 Plan”), to provide equity-based incentive compensation to members of our senior management team, our independent directors, advisers, consultants and other personnel. The 2022 Plan authorizes our compensation committee to grant stock options, shares of restricted common stock, restricted stock units, phantom shares, dividend equivalent rights, LTIP Units and other restricted limited partnership units issued by our Operating Partnership and other equity-based awards. Up to 7,500,000 equity awards may be issued under the 2022 Plan. Upon the adoption of the 2022 Plan, no further awards were permitted to be granted under the 2013 Plan. As of December 31, 2025, in the aggregate under the 2013 Plan and 2022 Plan, we have approximately 2.5 million shares of our restricted common stock, LTIP Units, and restricted common stock units outstanding (assuming that the restricted stock units vest at 200%), which are subject to vesting and, in some cases, performance requirements, to our directors, officers and other employees. The following table presents certain information about our equity compensation plan as of December 31, 2025: Award Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (1) Equity compensation plans approved by stockholders 4,289,301 Equity compensation plans not approved by stockholders — Total 4,289,301 (1) The 2022 Plan provides for grants of up to 7,500,000 equity awards. As of December 31, 2025, we did not have outstanding under our equity compensation plan any options, warrants or rights to purchase shares of our common stock. - 107 - Item 13.    Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence The information regarding transactions with related persons, promoters and certain control persons and director independence required by Items 404 and 407(a) of Regulation S-K is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2025. Item 14.    Principal Accountant Fees and Services The information concerning principal accounting fees and services and the Audit Committee’s pre-approval policies and procedures required by Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference to the Proxy Statement to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2025. - 108 - PART IV Item 15.    Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules Documents filed as part of the report The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K in Part II, Item 8 and are incorporated by reference: (a)(1) Financial Statements: See index in Item 8—“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” filed herewith for a list of financial statements. (a)(2) 2. Financial Statement Schedules: See index in Item 8—“Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,” filed herewith for Schedule II – Valuation and Qualifying Accounts filed in response to this Item. (3) Exhibits Files: Exhibit number Exhibit description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, filed with the Secretary of Delaware on July 1, 2024 and effective, July 2, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 on the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877) filed on July 3, 2024). 3.2 Bylaws of the Company effective July 2, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 on the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877) filed on July 3, 2024). 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 on the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877) filed on July 3, 2024). 4.2 Description of the Company’s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 on the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877) filed on July 3, 2024) 4.3 Indenture, dated as of August 25, 2020, between HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC, as issuers, and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P., and Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (including the form of HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC's 3.750% Senior Notes due 2030) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant's Form 8-K (No. 011-35877), filed on August 25, 2020) 4.4 Indenture, dated as of June 28, 2021, between HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC, as issuers, and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P., and Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee (including the form of HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC’s 3.375% Senior Notes due 2026) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 011-35877), filed on June 28, 2021) 4.5 Indenture, dated as of April 13, 2022 by and among HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC, as issuers, and Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P., and Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 011-35877) filed on April 15, 2022) 4.6 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of April 13, 2022 by and among HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC, as issuers, and the Company, Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P., and Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (including the form of HAT Holdings I LLC’s and HAT Holdings II LLC’s 0.00% Green Exchangeable Senior Note due 2025) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 on the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 011-35877) filed on April 15, 2022) 4.7 Indenture, dated as of August 11, 2023 by and among HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC, as issuers, and the Company, Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P., and Hannon Armstrong Capital, LLC, as guarantors, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (including the form of HAT Holdings I LLC’s and HAT Holdings II LLC’s 3.750% Green Exchangeable Senior Unsecured Note due 2028) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on August 11, 2023) 4.8 Indenture, dated as of December 7, 2023 by and among HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC, as issuers, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (including the form of HAT Holdings I LLC and HAT Holdings II LLC’s 8.00% Green Senior Unsecured Note due 2027) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on December 7, 2023) - 109 - 4.9 Indenture, dated as of July 1, 2024 by and among Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., as issuer, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (including the form of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc.’s 6.375% Green Senior Unsecured Note due 2034) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on July 1, 2024) 4.10 Indenture, dated as of June 24, 2025 by and among HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., as issuer, the guarantors party thereto and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on June 24, 2025) 4.11 Indenture Officer’s Certificate pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Indenture, dated June 24, 2025 (including the forms of HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc.’s 6.150% Green Senior Unsecured Note due 2031 and 6.750% Green Senior Unsecured Note due 2035) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on June 24, 2025) 4.12 Indenture Officer’s Certificate pursuant to Section 2.02 of the Indenture, dated November 20, 2025 (including the form of HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc.’s 8.000% Green Junior Subordinated Note due 2056) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on November 20, 2025) 10.1 Second Amended and Restated Agreement of Limited Partnership of Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure, L.P.  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 202 3 (No. 001-35877), filed on February 16, 2024) 10.2 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 2 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (No. 001-35877), filed on February 1 4 , 202 5 ) 10.3 Amended and Restated 2013 Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 4, 2017) 10.4 2022 HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on June 7, 2022) 10.5 Restricted Stock Award Agreement dated April  23, 2013 between the Company and Jeffrey W. Eckel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June  30, 2013 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 9, 2013) 10.6 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Executive Officers) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 9, 2013) 10.7 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement (Non-employee Directors) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 9, 2013) 10.8 Amended and Restated Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March, 31 2017 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 4, 2017) 10.9 Form of Amended and Restated Restricted Stock Unit Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.57 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (No. 001-35877) filed on February 23, 2018) 10.10 Form of LTIP Unit Vesting Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 3, 2019) 10.11 Form of Time-Based LTIP Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 3, 2019) 10.12 Form of Performance-Based LTIP Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 3, 2019) 10.13 Form of Performance-Based LTIP Unit Award Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 8, 2024) 10.14 Employment Agreement, dated April  17, 2013, by and between the Company and Steven L. Chuslo (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 9, 2013) 10.15 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 11, 2025, by and between the Company and Nathaniel J. Rose (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (No. 001-35877), filed on February 14, 2025) 10.16 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 11, 2025, by and between the Company and Charles Melko (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (No. 001-35877), filed on February 14, 2025) - 110 - 10.17 Letter Agreement, dated as of January 6, 2021, between J. Brendan Herron, the Company and Hannon Armstrong Capital Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2021 (No. 001-35877), filed on May 7, 2021) 10.18 Employment Agreement, dated June 30, 2021, by and between the Company and Susan D. Nickey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 6, 2021) 10.19 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 14, 2023, by and between the Company and Jeffrey Lipson (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Registrant’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (No. 001-35877), filed on February 21, 2023) 10.20 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 11, 2025, by and between the Company and Marc Pangburn (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (No. 001-35877), filed on February 14, 2025) 10.21 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated January 26, 2024, by and between the Company and Richard R. Santoroski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 on the Registrant’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (No. 001-35877), filed on February 16, 2024). 10.22 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated February 15, 2024, by and between the Company and Jeffrey Eckel (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 on the Registrant’s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (No. 001-35877), filed on February 16, 2024) 10.23 Employment Agreement, Dated April 15, 2024, by and between the Company and Viral Amin (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 on the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March, 31 2024 (No. 001-35877) filed on May 8, 2024). 10.24 Letter Agreement, dated April 4, 2024, between Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., Hannon Armstrong Capital LLC, and Richard R. Santoroski (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 on the Registrant’s Form 10-Q (No. 001-35877) filed on May 8, 2024). 10.25 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 23, 2013, by and among the Company and the parties listed on Schedule I thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2013 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 9, 2013) 10.26 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of April 13, 2022, by and among HAT Holdings I LLC, HAT Holdings II LLC, and the Company and the initial purchasers party thereto. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 011-35877) filed on April 15, 2022) 10.27 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of August 11, 2023, by and among HAT Holdings I LLC, HAT Holdings II LLC, and the Company and the representatives of the Initial Purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on August 11, 2023) 10.28 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of July 1, 2024, by and among the Company and the representatives of the initial purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 on the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on July 1, 2024) 10.29 Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2024, by and among the Company and the representatives of the initial purchasers party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 on the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on December 12, 2024) 10.30 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2015, by the Company in favor of the Bank of New York Mellon (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2015 (No. 001-35877), filed on November 5, 2015) 10.31 Credit Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2024, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, sole bookrunner and sustainability structuring agent, JPMorgan, Citibank, N.A., Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Keybank National Association, M&T Bank, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and Truist Securities, Inc. as joint lead arrangers, Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC and Goldman Sachs Bank USA as documentation agents, and each lender from time to time party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company’s Form 8-K (No.001-35877), filed on April 17, 2024). - 111 - 10.32 Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2024, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent, sole bookrunner, sustainability structuring agent and lender, Citibank, N.A., Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Keybank National Association, M&T Bank, Mizuho Bank, Ltd., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Royal Bank of Canada, Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation and Truist Securities, Inc. as joint lead arrangers and lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., Barclays Bank PLC and Goldman Sachs Bank USA as documentation agents and lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Company’s Form 8-K (No.001-35877), filed on September 13, 2024). 10.33 Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement, dated as of October 31, 2024, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent and Coöperatieve Rabobank U.A., New York Branch as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.3 to the Company’s Form 8-K (No.001-35877), filed on November 1, 2024). 10.34 Form of Commercial Paper Dealer Agreement between the Company, as issuer, and the applicable Dealer party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on December 6, 2024. 10.35 At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated May 13, 2020, by and between the Company, B. Riley FBR, Inc., Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, BofA Securities, Inc., Loop Capital Markets LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. and Nomura Securities International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Registrant's Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on May 13, 2020) 10.36 Amendment No. 1 to the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated February 26, 2021, by and among the Company, B. Riley Securities, Inc., Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, BofA Securities, Inc., Loop Capital Markets LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. and Nomura Securities International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.2 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on March 1, 2021) 10.37 Amendment No. 2 to the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated March 1, 2022, by and among the Company, B. Riley Securities, Inc., Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, BofA Securities, Inc., Loop Capital Markets LLC, SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc. and Nomura Securities International, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.3 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on March 2, 2022) 10.38 Amendment No. 3 to the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated February 22, 2023, by and among the Company, B. Riley Securities, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Nomura Securities International, Inc., SMBC Nikko Securities America, Inc., Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.4 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on February 23, 2023) 10.39 Amendment No. 4 to the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated May 10, 2023, by and among the Company, B. Riley Securities, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Nomura Securities International, Inc., Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.5 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on May 11, 2023) 10.40 Amendment No. 5 to the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated September 5, 2023, by and among the Company, B. Riley Securities, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Nomura Securities International, Inc., Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.6 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on September 5, 2023) 10.41 Amendment No. 6 to the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated July 3, 2024, by and among HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., B. Riley Securities, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Nomura Securities International, Inc., Truist Securities, Inc. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.7 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on July 3, 2024) 10.42 Amendment No. 7 to the At Market Issuance Sales Agreement, dated February 28, 2025, by and among HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., B. Riley Securities, Inc., Barclays Capital Inc., BofA Securities, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Credit Agricole Securities (USA) Inc., Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, Jefferies LLC, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Mizuho Securities USA LLC, Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Nomura Securities International, Inc., RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated and Truist Securities, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.8 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on March 3, 2025) - 112 - 10.43 Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 28, 2025, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent and Bank of Montreal and M&T Bank as lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.4 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on March 31, 2025) 10.44 Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 9, 2025, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent and ING Capital LLC as lender (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.5 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on December 10, 2025) 10.45 Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 22, 2025, by and among the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Company, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. as administrative agent and Natixis, New York Branch and The Bank of Nova Scotia as lenders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.6 to the Registrant’s Form 8-K (No. 001-35877), filed on December 29, 2025) 10.46 Form of Offer Letter to be used between the Company and certain executives (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10. 1 to the Registrant’s Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2025 (No. 001-35877), filed on August 8 , 202 5 ) 10.47* Consulting Agreement, dated December 10, 2025, by and between the Company and Steven L. Chuslo 19.1 Insider Trading Policies and Procedures of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2024 (No. 001-35877), filed on February 14, 2025) 21.1* List of subsidiaries of HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. 23.1* Consent of Ernst & Young LLP for HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. 24.1* Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 31.1* Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes—Oxley Act of 2002 31.2* Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1** Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes—Oxley Act of 2002 32.2** Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to section 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes—Oxley Act of 2002 97.1 Recovery Policy Relating to Erroneously Awarded Incentive Compensation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 on the Registrant's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (No. 001-35877), filed on February 16, 2024) 101.SCH* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101 PRE* Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File Included as Exhibit 101 (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) *     Filed herewith. **   Furnished with this report. Item 16.    Form 10-K Summary None. - 113 - SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. HA SUSTAINABLE INFRASTRUCTURE CAPITAL, INC. (Registrant) Date: February 13, 2026 /s/ Jeffrey A. Lipson Jeffrey A. Lipson Chief Executive Officer and President /s/ Charles W. Melko Charles W. Melko Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Executive Vice President /s/ Michelle E. Whicher Michelle E. Whicher Chief Accounting Officer and Senior Vice President - 114 - POWER OF ATTORNEY KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jeffrey A. Lipson, Charles W. Melko and Michelle E. Whicher, and each of them, with full power to act without the other, such person’s true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Form 10-K and any and all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with exhibits and schedules thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing necessary or desirable to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or any of them, or their or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signatures Title By: /s/ Jeffrey A. Lipson President and Chief Executive Officer February 13, 2026 Jeffrey A. Lipson (Principal Executive Officer) By: /s/ Charles W. Melko Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and February 13, 2026 Charles W. Melko and Executive Vice President (Principal Financial Officer) By: /s/ Michelle E. Whicher Chief Accounting Officer and February 13, 2026 Michelle E. Whicher Senior Vice President (Principal Accounting Officer) By: /s/ Jeffrey W. Eckel Chair of the Board February 13, 2026 Jeffrey W. Eckel By: /s/ Teresa M. Brenner February 13, 2026 Teresa M. Brenner By: /s/ Lizabeth A. Ardisana February 13, 2026 Lizabeth A. Ardisana By: /s/ Clarence D. Armbrister February 13, 2026 Clarence D. Armbrister By: /s/ Nancy C. Floyd February 13, 2026 Nancy C. Floyd By: /s/ Charles M. O’Neil February 13, 2026 Charles M. O’Neil - 115 - By: /s/ Richard J. Osborne February 13, 2026 Richard J. Osborne By: /s/ Steven G. Osgood February 13, 2026 Steven G. Osgood By: /s/ Kimberly A. Reed February 13, 2026 Kimberly A. Reed By: /s/ Laura A. Schulte February 13, 2026 Laura A. Schulte By: /s/ Barry E. Welch February 13, 2026 Barry E. Welch - 116 -

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and obligate contractors to meet certain performance levels, the proceeds of such insurance, warranties or performance guarantees may not cover the lost revenues, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments should the project experience any equipment breakdowns, insurance claims or non-performance by contractors or vendors. Some of the projects in which we invest may require substantial operating or capital expenditures in the future. Many of the projects in which we invest are capital intensive and require substantial ongoing expenditures for, among other things, additions and improvements, and maintenance and repair of plant and equipment related to project operations. In addition, there may be cash needs to settle certain contractual obligations of the projects, such as settlements or margining requirements related to hedging activities. While we do not typically bear the responsibility for these expenditures, any failure by the equity owner to make necessary operating or capital expenditures could adversely impact project performance. In addition, some of these expenditures may not be recoverable from current or future contractual arrangements. The use of real property rights that we acquire or are used for our climate solutions projects may be adversely affected by the rights of lienholders and leaseholders that are superior to those of the grantors of those real property rights to us. The projects in which we invest often require large areas of land for construction and operation or other easements or access to the underlying land. In addition, we may acquire rights to land or other real property. Although we believe that we, or the projects in which we invest, have valid rights to all material easements, licenses and rights of way, not all of such easements, licenses and rights of way are registered against the lands to which they relate and may not bind subsequent owners. Some of our real property rights and projects generally are, and are likely to continue to be, located on land occupied pursuant to long-term easements and leases. The ownership interests in the land subject to these easements and leases may be subject to mortgages securing loans or other liens (such as tax liens) and other easement and lease rights of third parties (such as leases of water, oil or mineral rights) that were created prior to, or are superior to, our or our projects’ easements and leases. As a result, our rights may be subject, and subordinate, to the rights of those third parties. We typically obtain representations or perform title searches or obtain title insurance to protect our real property interest and our investments in our projects against these risks. Such measures may, however, be inadequate to protect against all risk of loss of rights to use the land rights we have acquired or the land on which these projects are located, which could have a material and adverse effect on our land rights, our projects and their financial condition and operating results. We have invested in, through various structures, land or leasehold interests that are used by renewable energy projects. Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting tenants, or the industries in which they operate, could have an adverse impact on our underwritten returns. Moreover, many of our real estate assets are concentrated in similar geographic locations, which subjects us to an increased risk of significant loss if any property declines in value, incurs a natural disaster or if we are unable to lease a property. We have indirectly, through equity method investments and securitization trust structures, invested in land leased to renewable energy projects in specific regions. Our returns and cash flow from such investments are dependent on favorable leasing terms and tenant stability, and are vulnerable to factors such as lease performance, market value fluctuations, natural disasters and tenants’ financial health. Tenants experiencing project downturns, increased costs, or insolvencies could lead to significant losses. If tenants terminate or do not renew leases, we may not be able to re-lease the land with favorable leases or sell the land at prices that allow us to recover our investment or achieve our desired investment returns. Tenant bankruptcy could limit claims against unpaid rent, leading to operational losses. Concentration of projects in certain states exposes us to potential adverse political or regulatory changes or to potential natural disasters, impacting property values and leasing capabilities. Performance of projects where we invest may be harmed by future labor disruptions and economically unfavorable collective bargaining agreements. A number of the projects where we invest could have workforces that are unionized or in the future may become unionized and, as a result, are required to negotiate the wages, benefits and other terms with many of their employees collectively. If these projects were unable to negotiate acceptable contracts with any of their unions as existing agreements expire, they could experience a significant disruption of their operations, higher ongoing labor costs and restrictions on their ability to maximize the efficiency of their operations, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, in some jurisdictions where our projects have operations, labor forces have a legal right to strike, which may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, either directly or indirectly, for example if a critical upstream or downstream counterparty was itself subject to a labor disruption that impacted the ability of our projects to operate. We invest in projects that rely on third parties to manufacture quality products or provide reliable services in a timely manner and the failure of these third parties could cause project performance to be adversely affected. - 22 - We invest in projects that typically rely on third parties to select, manage or provide equipment or services. Third parties may be responsible for choosing vendors, including equipment suppliers and subcontractors. Project success often depends on third parties who are capable of installing and managing projects and structuring contracts that provide appropriate protection against construction and operational risks. In many cases, in addition to contractual protections and remedies, project owners may seek guaranties, warranties and construction bonding to provide additional protection. The warranties provided by the third parties and, in some cases, their subcontractors, typically limit any direct harm that results from relying on their products and services. However, there can be no assurance that a supplier or subcontractor will be willing or able to fulfill its contractual obligations and make necessary repairs or replace equipment. In addition, these warranties generally expire within one to five years or may be of limited scope or provide limited remedies. If projects are unable to avail themselves of warranty protection or receive the expected protection under the terms of the guaranties or bonding, we may need to incur additional costs, including replacement and installation costs, which could adversely impact our investment. In addition, renewable energy projects rely on electric and other types of transmission lines and facilities owned and operated by third parties to receive and distribute energy. Any substantial access barriers to these lines and facilities could adversely impact the demand or financial performance for such projects and our investments. Liability relating to environmental matters may impact the value of properties that we may acquire or the properties underlying our assets. Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, an owner or operator of real estate or a project may become liable for the costs of removal of certain hazardous substances released from the project or any underlying real property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. We acquire real property rights, make investments in projects that own real property, have collateral consisting of real property and in the course of our business, we may take title to a project or its underlying real estate assets relating to one of our debt financings. In these cases, we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these assets. The presence of hazardous substances may adversely affect our ability to sell a contaminated project or borrow using the project as collateral. To the extent that we become liable for the removal costs, our results of operation and financial condition may be adversely affected. Insurance and contractual protections may not always cover lost revenue, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments. Although the assets or projects in which we invest generally have insurance, supplier warranties, subcontractors performance assurances such as bonding and other risk mitigation measures, the proceeds of such insurance, warranties, bonding or other measures may not be adequate to cover lost revenue, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments that may be required in the future. The repayment of certain of our assets is dependent upon collection of payments from residential customers and we may be indirectly subject to consumer protection laws and regulations. Certain obligors to which we have credit exposure are, or may be, subject to consumer protection laws, such as federal truth-in-lending, consumer leasing, and equal credit opportunity laws and regulations, as well as state and local sales and finance laws and regulations. Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of law may be asserted against those obligors by individuals or governmental entities and may expose them to significant damages or other penalties, including fines, or could reduce the likelihood the residential customer may pay their obligation, which could limit their ability to repay borrowings or make equity distributions to us. Risks Related to Our Company and Structure Our business could be harmed if key personnel terminate their employment with us. Our success depends, to a significant extent, on the continued services of our senior management team. We have entered into employment agreements with certain members of our senior management team. Notwithstanding these agreements, there can be no assurance that any or all members of our senior management team will remain employed by us. We do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our officers. The loss of services of one or more members of our senior management team could harm our business and our prospects. Conflicts of interest could arise as a result of our structure. Conflicts of interest could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and our Operating Partnership or any partner thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to our Company under applicable Delaware law in connection with our management. Our duties, as the general partner, to our Operating Partnership and our partners may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to us. - 23 - Under Delaware law, a general partner of a Delaware limited partnership owes its limited partners the duties of good faith and fair dealing. Other duties, including fiduciary duties, may be modified or eliminated in the partnership’s partnership agreement, except that conflict of interest transactions may still run afoul of implied contractual standards under Delaware law. The partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership provides that, for so long as we own a controlling interest in our Operating Partnership, any conflict that cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either our stockholders or the limited partners will be resolved in favor of our stockholders. We have not obtained an opinion of counsel covering the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership that purport to waive or restrict our fiduciary duties that would be in effect under common law were it not for the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership. Additionally, the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership expressly limits our liability by providing that neither we, as the general partner of the Operating Partnership, nor any of our directors or officers, will be liable or accountable in damages to our Operating Partnership, its limited partners or their assignees for errors in judgment, mistakes of fact or law or for any act or omission if the general partner, director or officer, acted in good faith. In addition, our Operating Partnership is required to indemnify us, our affiliates and each of our and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities (whether joint or several), expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and other legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that relate to the operations of the Operating Partnership, provided that our Operating Partnership will not indemnify any such person for (1) willful misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, (2) any transaction for which such person received an improper personal benefit in violation or breach of any provision of the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership, or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the person had reasonable cause to believe the act or omission was unlawful. Our charter and bylaws, as well as Delaware law, contain provisions that could discourage acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price our common stock. Our charter and bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our Company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors that are not nominated by the current members of our Board or to take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions include: • the denial of any right of our stockholders to remove members of our Board except upon the approval of at least two-thirds of the shares of then entitled to vote at an election of directors; • the exclusive right of our Board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our Board or the resignation, death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board; • limitations on the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings; • a prohibition on actions by holders of our common stock by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; • advance notice provisions for stockholder proposals and nominations for elections to our Board to be acted upon at meetings of stockholders; • the ability of our Board to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; and • the requirement that the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of our common stock be obtained to amend our charter or bylaws. Our charter designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. Our charter provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court of the State of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of ours to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), our charter or our bylaws (as either may be amended or restated) or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (4) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware. - 24 - However, our charter provides that federal district courts of the United States of America will be the sole and exclusive forum for claims under the Securities Act. These provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our charter. However, the enforceability of similar forum provisions in other companies’ charters has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be unenforceable. If a court were to find these provisions of our charter inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Failure to qualify as a REIT for prior taxable years would subject us to U.S. federal income tax and potentially state and local tax. We elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2013, but terminated our election, effective January 1, 2024. Prior to terminating our REIT election, our qualification as a REIT depended upon our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. We structured our activities in a manner designed to satisfy all the requirements to qualify as a REIT. However, the REIT qualification requirements are extremely complex and interpretation of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing qualification as a REIT is limited. Furthermore, any opinion of our counsel, regarding qualification as a REIT is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”). Satisfying the asset tests depended on our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination. Furthermore, during the period that we elected to be taxed as a REIT, we invested in certain assets that we believed were qualifying assets for purposes of the REIT assets tests, such as mezzanine loans meeting certain requirements and commercial property assessed clean energy assets, and no assurance can be provided that the IRS would agree with such characterizations. Accordingly, if certain of our operations were to be recharacterized by the IRS, such recharacterization could jeopardize our ability to have satisfied all requirements for qualification as a REIT for prior taxable years. Furthermore, future legislative, judicial or administrative changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws could be applied retroactively, which could result in our disqualification as a REIT for prior taxable years. We received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), which we refer to as the Ruling, relating to our ability to treat certain of our assets as qualifying REIT assets. We were entitled to rely on this Ruling for those assets which fit within the scope of the Ruling only to the extent that we had the legal and contractual rights described in the Ruling, and we operated in accordance with the relevant facts described in the Ruling request we submitted, such facts were accurately presented and only to the extent that the Ruling was not inconsistent with the Real Property Regulations (as discussed in more detail below). As a result, no assurance can be given that we were able to rely on the Ruling during the period that we elected to be taxed as a REIT. In August of 2016, the Treasury Department and the IRS published regulations which we refer to as the Real Property Regulations relating to the definition of “real property” for purposes of the REIT income and asset tests with respect to our taxable years that we elected to be taxed as a REIT beginning after December 31, 2016. Among other things, the Real Property Regulations provide that an obligation secured by a structural component of a building or other inherently permanent structure qualifies as a real estate asset for REIT qualification purposes only if such obligation is also secured by a real property interest in the inherently permanent structure served by such structural component. This aspect of the Real Property Regulations has important implications for our qualification as a REIT during the periods that we elected to so qualify, because a significant portion of our REIT qualifying assets consisted of receivables that were secured by liens on installed structural improvements designed to improve the energy efficiency of buildings and a significant portion of our REIT qualifying gross income was interest income earned with respect to such receivables. The structural improvements securing the receivables held by us during the period we elected to be taxed as a REIT generally qualified as “fixtures” under local real property law, as well as under the Uniform Commercial Code, or the UCC, which governs rights and obligations of parties in secured transactions. Although not controlling for REIT purposes, the general rule in the United States is that once improvements are permanently installed in real properties, such improvements become fixtures and thus take on the character of and are considered to be real property for certain state and local law purposes. In general, in the United States, laws governing fixtures, including the UCC and real property law, afford lenders who have secured their financings with security interests in fixtures with rights that extend not just to the fixtures that secure their financings, but also to the real properties in which such fixtures have been installed. By way of example only, Section 9-604(b) of the UCC, which has been adopted in all but two states in the United States, permits a lender secured by fixtures, upon a default, to enforce its rights under the UCC or under applicable real property laws. Although there is limited authority directly on point, given the nature of, and the extent to which, the structural improvements securing the receivables held by us during the period we elected to be taxed as a REIT were integrated into and served the related buildings, we believe that the better view is that the nature and scope of our rights in such buildings that inured to us as a result of our receivables were sufficient to - 25 - satisfy the requirements of the Real Property Regulations described above. In addition to the limited authority directly on point, two other important caveats apply in this regard. First, the Real Property Regulations do not define what is required for an obligation secured by a lien on a structural component to also be secured by a real property interest in the building served by such structural component. However, the initial proposed version of the Real Property Regulations, which never became effective, included a requirement that the interest in the real property held by a REIT be “equivalent” to the interest in a structural component held by the REIT in order for the structural component to be treated as a real estate asset. This requirement was ultimately not included in the final Real Property Regulations, in part in response to comments that such requirement may negatively affect investment in energy efficiency and renewable energy assets. We believe the deletion of this requirement implies that under the final Real Property Regulations, our rights in the building during the period we elected to be taxed as a REIT did not need to be equivalent to our rights in the structural components serving the building. Second, real property law is typically relegated to the states and the specific rights available to any lien or mortgage holder, including our rights as a fixture lien holder described above, may vary between jurisdictions as a result of a range of factors, including the specific local real property law requirements and judicial and regulatory interpretations of such laws, and the competing rights of mortgage and other lenders. During the period we elected to be taxed as a REIT, we applied the analysis described above in a number of states that have adopted Section 9-604(b) of the UCC. In addition, in states where Section 9-604(b) of the UCC has not been adopted, we applied the analysis described above based on the application of the local real property laws of that state to the extent that we received advice from counsel in those jurisdictions that local real property law provided us with appropriate rights to the buildings in which the structural improvements securing our receivables were installed. Furthermore, we applied the analysis described above to certain receivables secured by liens on structural improvements installed in buildings located in certain U.S. installations outside of the United States, based on our view that such installations were subject to U.S. sovereignty and as a result the UCC applied in such installations. While a number of cases have addressed the rights of fixture lien holders generally, there are limited judicial interpretations in only a few jurisdictions that directly address the rights and remedies available to a fixture lien holder in the real property in which the fixtures have been installed. Such rights have been addressed in some cases that support our position and, in factual circumstances distinguishable from our own, in some cases where the courts have found these rights to be more limited. The resolution of these issues in many jurisdictions therefore has remained uncertain. As a result of the foregoing, no assurance can be given that the IRS will not challenge our position that the receivables that we held during the periods that we elected to be taxed as a REIT met the requirements of the Real Property Regulations or that, if challenged, such position would be sustained. The preamble to the Real Property Regulations provides that, to the extent a private letter ruling issued prior to the issuance of the Real Property Regulations is inconsistent with the Real Property Regulations, the private letter ruling is revoked prospectively from the applicability date of the Real Property Regulations. We do not believe that the Ruling is inconsistent with the Real Property Regulations because we believe the analysis in the Ruling was based on similar principles as the relevant portions of the Real Property Regulations, and accordingly we do not believe that the Real Property Regulations impacted our ability to rely on the Ruling. However, no assurance can be given that the IRS would not successfully assert that we were not permitted to rely on the Ruling during periods that we elected to be taxed as a REIT because the Ruling had been revoked by the Real Property Regulations. If the IRS were to assert that a significant portion of the receivables that we held during periods that we elected to be taxed as a REIT did not qualify as real estate assets and did not generate income treated as interest income from mortgages on real property, we would fail to satisfy both the gross income requirements and asset requirements applicable to REITs during the relevant periods. During the period that we elected to be taxed as a REIT, no more than 20% of the value of our total assets were permitted to consist of stock and securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries, or TRSs. In order to satisfy the TRS limitation, we made loans to our TRSs that met the requirements to be treated as qualifying investments of new capital, which are generally treated as real estate assets under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or “the Code”. Because such loans were treated as real estate assets for purposes of the REIT requirements, we did not treat these loans as TRS securities for purposes of the TRS asset limitation. However, no assurance can be provided that the IRS may not successfully assert that such loans should be treated as securities of our TRSs, which could adversely impact our qualification as a REIT during the periods that we elected to be taxed as a REIT. In addition, our TRSs had obtained financing in transactions in which we and our other subsidiaries had provided guaranties and similar credit support. Although we believe that these financings were properly treated as financings of our TRSs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, no assurance can be provided that the IRS would not assert that such financings should be treated as issued by other entities in our structure, which could impact our compliance with the TRS limitation and the other REIT requirements during the period that we elected to be taxed as a REIT. - 26 - If the IRS were to determine that we failed to qualify as a REIT for any prior taxable year ended on or before December 31, 2023, and we do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income for such taxable year at the applicable corporate rate. If that were to happen, we would also be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we lost our REIT qualification. Losing our REIT qualification for any prior taxable year(s) could reduce our current and/or future net earnings available for investment or distribution to stockholders because of additional tax liability for any such year(s). If we were to lose our REIT qualification for any prior taxable year(s), we might be required to borrow funds or liquidate some investments in order to pay any applicable tax. Our ability to utilize our NOLs and other carryforwards may be limited. Under the Code, a corporation is generally allowed a deduction for net operating losses (“NOLs”) carried over from prior taxable years, subject to certain limitations. Our NOL carryforwards are subject to adjustment on audit by the Internal Revenue Service and the respective state taxing authorities. Additionally, certain of the NOL carryforwards may expire before we can generate sufficient taxable income to use them. Our ability to use our NOLs and other carryforwards depends on the amount of taxable income generated in future periods. There can be no assurance that an additional valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets will not be required should our financial performance be negatively impacted in the future. Such valuation allowance could be material. In addition, the use of NOLs and other carryforwards to offset taxable income is subject to various limitations, which could limit our ability to utilize these tax attributes to reduce our taxes even if we generate sufficient taxable income. A corporation’s ability to deduct its federal NOL carryforwards and to utilize certain other available tax attributes can be substantially constrained under the general annual limitation rules of Section 382 of the Code (“Section 382”) if it undergoes an “ownership change” as defined in Section 382 (generally where cumulative stock ownership changes among material stockholders exceed 50% during a rolling three-year period). An ownership change may severely limit or effectively eliminate our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes. In October 2023, our Board adopted a tax benefits preservation plan (the “Tax Benefits Preservation Plan”) in order to preserve our ability to use our NOLs and certain other tax attributes to reduce potential future income tax obligations. The Tax Benefits Preservation Plan was terminated in conjunction with our conversion from a Maryland corporation to a Delaware corporation in July 2024 (the “Conversion”). In the Conversion, we adopted our charter, which includes provisions that are also intended to reduce the risk of an “ownership change” under Section 382 of the Code (the “Charter Tax Benefit Provisions”). The Charter Tax Benefit Provisions generally restrict any person or entity from attempting to transfer any of our stock to the extent that transfer would, if effected and subject to certain exceptions, (i) result in an individual, entity, firm, corporation, estate, trust or other person or group of persons described in the Charter Tax Benefit Provisions as a “Person” owning 4.8% or more of our common stock (which the Charter Tax Benefit Provisions refer to as a “Prohibited Ownership Percentage”) or (ii) increase the ownership percentage of any Person that has a Prohibited Ownership Percentage, subject to certain exceptions. The Charter Tax Benefit Provisions provide that any transfer that violates the Charter Tax Benefit Provisions shall be null and void ab initio and shall not be effective to transfer any record, legal, beneficial or any other ownership of the number of shares which result in the violation of the Charter Tax Benefit Provisions. Some persons who are beneficial owners (as defined under the Exchange Act) of 4.8% or more of our Common Stock are not “4.8-percent stockholders” (defined by reference to the definition of “5-percent shareholder” under Section 382) and hence would not affect our ownership shift for purposes of Section 382. We expect our Board to generally grant waivers, if requested, to allow purchases by such persons, though there is also no guarantee our Board will grant any such waivers. There is no assurance, however, that the deterrent mechanism will be effective, and such acquisitions may still occur. In addition, the Charter Tax Benefit Provision may adversely affect the marketability of our common stock by discouraging existing or potential investors from acquiring our common stock or additional shares of our common stock. We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could increase our tax liability, reduce our operating flexibility, and reduce the market price of shares of our stock. Changes to the tax laws may occur, and any such changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in shares of our stock or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets. Our stockholders are urged to consult with an independent tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in shares of our stock. Our management and employees depend on information systems and system failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. Our underwriting process and our asset and financial management and reporting are dependent on our present and future communications and information systems. Any failure or interruption of these systems could cause delays or other problems in - 27 - our originating, financing, investing, asset and financial management and reporting activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We contract with information technology service providers where, in part, we rely upon their systems and controls for the quality of the data provided. The inappropriate establishment and maintenance of these systems and controls could cause information that we use to operate our business to be unavailable or inaccurate and could negatively impact our financial results. Our information technology architecture is partially outsourced. These systems and processes may be either internet based or through traditional outsourced functions and certain of these arrangements are new or emerging. When we contract with these service providers, we attempt to evaluate the quality of their systems and controls before we execute the arrangement and may rely on third party reviews and audits of these service providers and attempt to implement certain processes to ensure the quality of the data received from these service providers. Because of the nature and maturity of the technology such efforts may be unsuccessful or incomplete and the unavailability of these systems or the inaccurate data provided from these service providers could negatively impact our financial results. Artificial intelligence could increase competitive, operational, legal and regulatory risks to our business in ways that we cannot predict. The use of artificial intelligence, machine learning technology and other quantitative analysis tools and models, developed by us or third-party service providers (collectively, "AI") as well as the increasing adoption of AI throughout society may expose us to new and unpredictable competitive, operational, legal and regulatory risks. We may not be able to anticipate, mitigate, or effectively manage all of the potential risks or impacts associated with our and third parties’ use of AI. These risks could disrupt, among other things, our business models, investment strategies, operational processes, and our ability to identify and hire employees. In addition, our competitors may more efficiently develop or implement AI-based technologies to identify and assess potential investments, address investor demands or improve operations. If we are unable to advance our AI capabilities as quickly or as effectively as our competitors, we may be at a competitive disadvantage. We may use AI to inform certain of our decisions or to manage our business. If we, or third parties whose services we rely on, use data in connection with the development or deployment of AI that is incomplete, inadequate or biased – or if the data contains inaccuracies or errors that result in flawed algorithms and models – the performance of our investments and operations could suffer. Our personnel or the personnel of our service providers could, without our knowledge, improperly utilize AI while carrying out their responsibilities. AI may be misused or misappropriated by our employees or third-party providers engaged by us. For example, by inputting confidential information into AI applications, resulting in such information becoming accessible by others, including our competitors. If we do not have sufficient rights to use the data or other material used with, or relied upon by, an AI application, we may incur liability through the alleged violation of applicable laws and regulations, intellectual property, data privacy, or other rights, or contractual obligations. Further, we may not be able to control how third-party AI applications that we choose to use are developed or maintained, or how data we input is used or disclosed, even where we have sought contractual protections with respect to these matters. The misuse or misappropriation of our data, deficiencies in the practices associated with data collection, training and data analytics, as well as difficulties validating data, could have an adverse impact on our reputation and could subject us to legal and regulatory investigations or actions. Regulators are also increasing scrutiny regarding AI and adopting regulations that may impact our use of the technology, including regulations regarding the use of “big data,” diligence of data sets and oversight of data vendors. The use of AI by us or others may require compliance with legal or regulatory frameworks that are not fully developed or tested, and we may face litigation and regulatory actions related to our use of AI. Existing laws and regulations may be interpreted in new ways, which would affect the way we use AI. These and other regulatory or legal developments could limit our ability to gain insights into and manage our business or otherwise have a materially adverse impact on us. Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, a misappropriation of funds, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions, including by computer hackers, nation-state affiliated actors, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased, and will likely continue to increase in the future. The result of these incidents could include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, disrupted market price of our common stock, misappropriation of assets, liability for stolen assets or information, - 28 - increased cybersecurity protection and insurance cost, regulatory enforcement, litigation and damage to our relationships. These risks require continuous and likely increasing attention and other resources from us to, among other actions, identify and quantify these risks, upgrade and expand our technologies, systems and processes to adequately address them and provide periodic training for our employees to assist them in detecting phishing, malware and other schemes. Such attention diverts time and other resources from other activities and there is no assurance that our efforts will be effective. Additionally, the cost of maintaining such systems and processes, procedures and internal controls may increase from its current level. Potential sources for disruption, damage or failure of our information technology systems include, without limitation, computer viruses, security breaches, human error, cyber- attacks, natural disasters and defects in design. Additionally, due to the size and nature of our Company, we rely on third-party service providers for many aspects of our business. The networks and systems that our third-party vendors have established or use may not be effective. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to both our information systems and those provided by third-party service providers. Our processes, procedures and internal controls that are designed to mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions do not guarantee that a cyber incident will not occur or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. Even if we are not targeted directly, cyberattacks on the U.S. and foreign governments, financial markets, financial institutions, or other businesses, including borrowers, vendors, software creators, cybersecurity service providers, and other third parties with whom we do business, may occur, and such events could disrupt our normal business operations and networks in the future. We may seek to expand our business internationally, which would expose us to additional risks that we do not face in the United States. A failure to manage these additional risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. We generate substantially all of our revenue from operations in the United States. We have begun to expand and may seek to expand our investments outside of the United States in the future. These operations will be subject to a variety of risks that we do not face in the United States, including risk from changes in foreign country regulations, infrastructure, legal systems and markets. Other risks include possible difficulty in repatriating overseas earnings and fluctuations in foreign currencies. Our overall success in international markets will depend, in part, on our ability to succeed in different legal, regulatory, economic, social and political conditions. We may not be successful in developing and implementing policies and strategies that will be effective in managing these risks in each country where we decide to do business. Our failure to manage these risks successfully could harm any future international projects, reduce our international income or increase our costs, thus adversely affecting our business, financial condition and operating results. Risks Relating to Regulation We cannot predict the unintended consequences and market distortions that may stem from far-ranging governmental intervention in the economic and financial system or from regulatory reform of the oversight of financial markets. The U.S. federal government, the Federal Reserve Board of Governors, the U.S. Treasury, the SEC, U.S. Congress and other governmental and regulatory bodies have taken, are taking or may in the future take, various actions to address inflation, financial crises, real or perceived trade imbalances, or other areas of regulatory concern. Such actions could have a dramatic impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and the cost of complying with any additional laws and regulations or the elimination or reduction in scope of various existing laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Government intervention in the economic and financial system, such as new or increased tariffs, may carry unintended consequences and cause market distortions. We are unable to predict at this time the extent and nature of such unintended consequences and market distortions, if any. Loss of our 1940 Act exemptions may adversely affect us, the market price of shares of our common stock and our ability to distribute dividends. We conduct our operations so that we are not required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of the issuer’s total assets (exclusive of U.S. Government securities and cash items) on a non-consolidated basis, which we refer to as the 40% test. Excluded from the term “investment securities,” among other things, are U.S. Government securities and securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exemption from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. We conduct our businesses primarily through our subsidiaries and our operations so that we comply with the 40% test. The securities issued by any wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries that we hold or may form in the future that are exempted from the definition of “investment company” based on Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any - 29 - other investment securities we may own, may not have a value in excess of 40% of the value of our total assets on a non-consolidated basis. Certain of our subsidiaries rely on or will rely on an exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act, which is available for entities which are not primarily engaged in issuing redeemable securities, face-amount certificates of the installment type or periodic payment plan certificates and which are primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate. This exemption generally requires that at least 55% of such subsidiaries’ portfolios must be comprised of qualifying assets and at least 80% of each of their portfolios must be comprised of qualifying assets and real estate-related assets under the 1940 Act. Consistent with guidance published by the SEC staff, we intend to treat as qualifying assets for this purpose loans secured by projects for which the original principal amount of the loan did not exceed 100% of the value of the underlying real property portion of the collateral when the loan was made. We intend to treat as real estate-related assets non-controlling equity interests in joint ventures that own projects whose assets are primarily real property. In general, with regard to our subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C), we rely on other guidance published by the SEC or its staff or on our analyses of guidance published with respect to other types of assets to determine which assets are qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets. In addition, one or more of our subsidiaries qualifies for an exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act pursuant to either Section 3(c)(5)(A) of the 1940 Act, which is available for entities which are not engaged in the business of issuing redeemable securities, face-amount certificates of the installment type or periodic payment plan certificates, and which are primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring notes, drafts, acceptances, open accounts receivable, and other obligations representing part or all of the sales price of merchandise, insurance, and services, or Section 3(c)(5)(B) of the 1940 Act, which is available for entities primarily engaged in the business of making loans to manufacturers, wholesalers, and retailers of, and to prospective purchasers of, specified merchandise, insurance, and services. These exemptions generally require that at least 55% of such subsidiaries’ portfolios must be comprised of qualifying assets that meet the requirements of the exemption. We intend to treat energy efficiency loans where the loan proceeds are specifically provided to finance equipment, services and structural improvements to properties and other facilities and renewable energy and other climate solutions projects or improvements as qualifying assets for purposes of these exemptions. In general, we also expect, with regard to our subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(A) or (B), to rely on guidance published by the SEC or its staff, including reliance on a no-action letter obtained in connection with Sections 3(c)(5)(A) and 3(c)(5)(B) of the 1940 Act, or on our analyses of guidance published with respect to other types of assets to determine which assets are qualifying assets under the exemptions. Although we monitor the portfolios of our subsidiaries relying on the Section 3(c)(5)(A), (B) or (C) exemptions periodically and prior to each acquisition, there can be no assurance that such subsidiaries will be able to maintain their exemptions. Qualification for exemptions from registration under the 1940 Act will limit our ability to make certain investments. For example, these restrictions will limit the ability of these subsidiaries to make loans that are not secured by real property or that do not represent part or all of the sales price of merchandise, insurance, and services. There can be no assurance that the laws and regulations governing the 1940 Act, including the Division of Investment Management of the SEC providing more specific or different guidance regarding these exemptions, will not change in a manner that adversely affects our operations. Any additional guidance from the SEC or its staff could provide additional flexibility to us, or it could further inhibit our ability to pursue the strategies we have chosen. If we or our subsidiaries fail to maintain an exemption from the 1940 Act, we could, among other things, be required either to (1) change the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company, (2) effect sales of our assets in a manner that, or at a time when, we would not otherwise choose to do so or (3) register as an investment company, any of which could negatively affect our business, our ability to make distributions, our financing strategy and the market price for shares of our common stock. We have not requested the SEC or its staff to approve our treatment of any company as a majority-owned subsidiary and neither the SEC nor its staff has done so. If the SEC or its staff were to disagree with our treatment of one or more companies as majority-owned subsidiaries, we would need to adjust our strategy and our assets in order to continue to pass the 40% test. Any such adjustment in our strategy could have a material adverse effect on us. Rapid changes in the values of our assets may make it more difficult for us to maintain our exemption from the 1940 Act. If the market value or income potential of our assets changes as a result of changes in interest rates, general market conditions, government actions or other factors, we may need to adjust the portfolio mix of our real estate assets and income or liquidate our non-qualifying assets to maintain our exemption from the 1940 Act. If changes in asset values or income occur quickly, this may be especially difficult to accomplish. This difficulty may be exacerbated by the illiquid nature of certain of the assets we own. We may have to make decisions that we otherwise would not make absent 1940 Act considerations. Risks Related to our Borrowings and Hedging - 30 - We use financial leverage in executing our business strategy, which may adversely affect the returns on our assets and may reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders, as well as increase losses when economic conditions are unfavorable. We use debt to finance our assets, including credit facilities, recourse and non-recourse debt, securitizations, and syndications. Changes in the financial markets and the economy generally could adversely affect one or more of our lenders or potential lenders and could cause one or more of our lenders, potential lenders or institutional investors to be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing or participate in securitizations or could increase the costs of that financing or securitization. Some of our borrowings will have a remaining balance when they come due and if we are unable to repay or refinance the remaining balance of such debt, or if the terms of any available refinancing are not favorable, we may be forced to liquidate assets or incur higher costs which may significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and our ability to make distributions, which could in turn cause the value of our common stock to decline. The return on our assets and cash available for distribution to our stockholders may be reduced to the extent that market conditions prevent us from leveraging our assets or increase the cost of our financing relative to the income that can be derived from the assets acquired. Increases in our financing costs will reduce cash available for distributions to stockholders. We may not be able to meet our financing obligations and, to the extent that we cannot, we risk the loss of some or all of our assets to liquidation or sale to satisfy the obligations. We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantially more indebtedness, which may increase the risks to our financial condition and results of operations created by our indebtedness. We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, which may increase the risks created by our current indebtedness. The terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness provide our subsidiaries with the flexibility to incur a substantial amount of indebtedness in the future, which indebtedness may be secured or unsecured. An increase in our borrowing costs relative to the interest we receive on our assets may adversely affect our profitability and our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Our borrowings may have a shorter duration than our assets. Our credit facilities have rates that adjust on a frequent basis based on prevailing short-term interest rates. Increases in interest rates, or a flattening or inversion of the yield curve, reduce the spread between the returns on our assets which are typically priced using longer-term interest rates and the cost of any new borrowings or borrowings where the interest rate adjusts to market rates or is based on shorter-term rates. Any such change in interest rates may adversely affect our earnings and, in turn, cash available for distribution to our stockholders. In addition, as we may use short-term borrowings that are generally short-term commitments of capital, lenders may respond to market conditions making it more difficult for us to obtain continued financing. If we are not able to renew our then existing facilities or arrange for new financing on terms acceptable to us, or if we default on our covenants or are otherwise unable to access funds under any of these facilities, we may have to curtail entering into new transactions and/or dispose of assets. We will face these risks given that a number of our borrowings have a shorter duration than the assets they finance. While we have an established Board-approved leverage limit, our Board may change our leverage limits without stockholder approval. We are not restricted by any regulatory requirements to maintain our leverage ratio at or below any particular level. The amount of leverage we may deploy for particular assets will depend upon the availability of particular types of financing and our assessment of the credit, liquidity, price volatility and other risks of those assets and the credit quality of our financing counterparties. We have established leverage limits which are discussed in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources. However, our charter and bylaws do not limit the amount or type of indebtedness we can incur, and our Board has changed, and has the discretion to deviate from or change at any time in the future, our leverage policy, which could result in our business having a different risk profile. We utilize non-recourse facilities on certain types of assets that have significantly higher leverage. On these facilities, the lenders’ primary recourse is to the pledged assets. If the value of the pledged assets is below the value of the debt or if we default on a facility, the lender would be able to foreclose on all the pledged assets, which would result in losses and reduce our assets and the cash available for distributions to stockholders. We may apply too much leverage to our assets or may employ an inefficient financing strategy to our assets. The use of securitizations and special purpose entities exposes us to additional risks. We typically retain the residual value associated with a securitization. We have also established special purpose entities through which we hold only a partial or subordinate interest or a residual value after taking into account our non-recourse debt facilities or a right to participate in the profits of such entity once it achieves a predefined threshold. As a holder of the residual value or other such interests, we are more exposed to losses on the underlying collateral because the interest we retain in the securitization vehicle or other entity would be subordinate to the more senior notes or interests issued to investors and we - 31 - would, therefore, absorb all of the losses, up to the value of our interests, sustained with respect to the underlying assets before the owners of the notes or other interests experience any losses. In addition, the inability to securitize our Portfolio or assets within our Portfolio could adversely affect our performance and our ability to grow our business. We also use various special purpose entities to own and finance our assets. These subsidiaries incur various types of debt, that can be used to finance one or more of our assets. This debt is typically structured as non-recourse debt, which means it is repayable solely from the revenue from the investment financed by the debt and is secured by the related physical assets, major contracts, cash accounts and in some cases, a pledge of our ownership interests in the subsidiaries involved in the projects. Although this subsidiary debt is typically non-recourse to us, we make certain representations and warranties or enter into certain guaranties of our subsidiary’s obligations or covenants to the non-recourse debt holder, the breach of which may require us to make payments to the lender. We may also from time to time determine to provide financial support to the subsidiary in order to maintain rights to the project or otherwise avoid the adverse consequences of a default. In the event a subsidiary defaults on its indebtedness, its creditors may foreclose on the collateral securing the indebtedness, which may result in us losing our ownership interest in some or all of the subsidiary’s assets. The loss of our ownership interest in a subsidiary or some or all of a subsidiary’s assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Certain of our existing credit facilities and debt contain, and any future financing facilities may contain, covenants that restrict our operations and may inhibit our ability to grow our business and increase revenues. Certain of our existing credit facilities and debt contain, and any future financing facilities may contain, various affirmative and negative covenants, including maintenance of an interest coverage ratio and limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates, use of proceeds and stock repurchases. In addition, the terms of our non-recourse debt include restrictions and covenants, including limitations on our ability to transfer or incur liens on the assets that secure the debt. For further information see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources”. The covenants and restrictions included in our existing financings do, and the covenants and restrictions to be included in any future financings may, restrict our ability to, among other things: • incur or guarantee additional debt; • make certain investments, originations or acquisitions; • make distributions on or repurchase or redeem capital stock; • engage in mergers or consolidations; • reduce liquidity below certain levels; • grant liens; • have a tangible net worth below a defined threshold; • incur operating losses for more than a specified period; and • enter into transactions with affiliates. Our non-recourse debt limits our ability to take action with regard to the assets pledged as security for the debt. These restrictions, as well as any other covenants contained in any future financings, may interfere with our ability to obtain financing, or to engage in other business activities, which may significantly limit or harm our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Certain financing agreements also contain cross-default provisions, such that if a default occurs under any one agreement, the lenders under certain other agreements could also declare a default. A default and resulting repayment acceleration could significantly reduce our liquidity, which could require us to sell assets to repay amounts due and outstanding. This could also significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and our ability to make distributions, which could cause the value of our common stock to decline. A default would also significantly limit our financing alternatives such that we would be unable to pursue our leverage strategy, which could curtail the returns on our assets. In addition, certain of our financing agreements contain provisions that provide for a preference in cash flow allocations to the lender from our assets or an acceleration of principal payments owed when certain conditions are present related to the underlying assets that serve as collateral for the financing. These provisions may limit our ability to obtain distributions from the underlying assets and could impact our cash flow and expected returns. We have issued senior unsecured notes that require us to maintain a certain amount of unencumbered assets as a part of our Portfolio. These provisions may limit our ability to leverage certain assets and limit our overall debt levels. - 32 - We, or the projects in which we invest, enter into hedging transactions that could expose us to contingent liabilities or additional credit risk in the future and adversely impact our financial condition. Part of our strategy, or the strategy of the projects in which we invest, involves entering into hedging transactions that could require us to fund cash payments in certain circumstances (e.g . , the early termination of the hedging instrument caused by an event of default or other early termination event, or the decision by a counterparty to request margin it is contractually owed under the terms of the hedging instrument). The amount due would be equal to the unrealized loss of the open swap positions with the respective counterparty and could also include other fees and charges. These economic losses will be reflected in our, or the project’s, financial statements, and our, or the project’s, ability to fund these obligations will depend on the liquidity of our, or the project’s, assets and access to capital at the time, and the need to fund these obligations could adversely impact our financial condition. Even though most swaps are cleared through a central counterparty clearinghouse, certain transactions could be executed bilaterally with a counterparty. While we have the ability to require counterparties to post, to the extent we have not obtained sufficient collateral, we would remain exposed to our counterparty’s ability to perform on its obligations under each hedge and cannot look to the creditworthiness of a central counterparty for performance. As a result, if a hedging counterparty cannot perform under the terms of the hedge, we would not receive payments due under that hedge, we may lose any unrealized gain associated with the hedge and the hedged liability would cease to be hedged. While we would seek to terminate the relevant hedge transaction and may have a claim against the defaulting counterparty for any losses, including unrealized gains, there is no assurance that we would be able to recover such amounts or replace the relevant hedge on economically viable terms or at all. In such case, we could be forced to cover our unhedged liabilities at the then current market price. We may also be at risk for any collateral we have pledged to secure our obligations under the hedge if the counterparty becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy. Furthermore, our interest rate swaps and other hedge transactions are subject to increasing statutory and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable international requirements. Recently, new regulations have been promulgated by U.S. and foreign regulators to strengthen the oversight of swaps, and any further actions taken by such regulators could constrain our strategy or increase our costs, either of which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. Moreover, the projects in which we invest may enter into various forms of hedging including interest rate and power price hedging. To the extent they enter into such hedges, the financial results of the project will be exposed to similar risks as described above which could adversely impact our results of operations. Further, the hedges entered into by us or the projects in which we invest may not be effective which could adversely impact our economics. If we, or our projects, choose not to pursue, or fail to qualify for, hedge accounting treatment, our operating results under GAAP may be impacted because losses on the derivatives that we enter into may not be offset by a change in the fair value of the related hedged transaction. We or our projects may choose not to pursue, or fail to qualify for, hedge accounting treatment relating to derivative and hedging transactions for a number of reasons, including if we or our projects (1) use instruments that do not meet the Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 815 definition of a derivative, (2) fail to satisfy ASC Topic 815 hedge documentation and hedge effectiveness assessment requirements or (3) the hedge relationship is not highly effective. If we or our projects fail to qualify for, or choose not to pursue, hedge accounting treatment, our, or our projects, operating results may be negatively impacted because losses on the derivatives that we or our projects enter into may not be offset by a change in the fair value of the related hedged transaction in our statement of operations presented under GAAP. Risks Related to Our Common Stock An active trading market for our common stock may not continue, which could cause our common stock to trade at a discount and make it difficult for holders of our common stock to sell their shares. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). However, an active trading market for our common stock may not continue, which could cause our common stock to trade at a discount to historical prices. Some of the factors that have or in the future could negatively affect the market price of our common stock include: • our actual or projected operating results, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity or changes in business strategy or prospects; • changes in the mix of our investment products and services, including the level of securitizations or fee income in any quarter; • actual or perceived conflicts of interest with individuals, including our executives; • our ability to arrange financing for projects; - 33 - • equity issuances by us, or share resales by our stockholders, or the perception that such issuances or resales may occur; • seasonality in construction and demand for our investments; • actual or anticipated accounting problems; • publication of research reports about us or the climate solutions industry; • changes in market valuations of similar companies; • adverse market reaction to any increased indebtedness we may incur in the future; • commodity price changes; • interest rate changes; • additions to or departures of our key personnel; • speculation or negative publicity in the press or investment community; • our failure to meet, or the lowering of, our earnings estimates or those of any securities analysts; • increases in market interest rates, which may lead investors to demand a higher distribution yield for our common stock, and would result in increased interest expenses on certain of our debt; • changes in governmental policies, regulations or laws; • failure to maintain our exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act; • price and volume fluctuations in the stock market generally; and • general market and economic conditions, including the current state of the credit and capital markets. Market factors unrelated to our performance also have, and could in the future, negatively impact the market price of our common stock. One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our common stock is our distribution rate as a percentage of our stock price relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective investors may demand a higher distribution rate or seek alternative investments paying higher dividends or interest. As a result, interest rate fluctuations and conditions in capital markets have, or in the future could, affect the market value of our common stock. Common stock and preferred stock eligible for future sale may have adverse effects on our share price. Subject to applicable law, our Board, without stockholder approval, may authorize us to issue additional authorized and unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock on the terms and for the consideration it deems appropriate. We cannot predict the effect, if any, of future sales of our common stock or the availability of shares for future sales, on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of common stock or the perception that such sales could occur may adversely affect the prevailing market price for our common stock. We cannot guarantee the timing, amount, or payment of dividends on our common stock. As a REIT, we were generally required, among other things, to distribute annually at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains) each year for us to have qualified as, and to have maintained our qualification as a REIT. Effective January 1, 2024, we revoked our REIT election and since then we have been taxed as a C corporation. As a result, we are no longer subject to the REIT distribution requirement. While our current policy is to pay quarterly distributions, the timing, declaration, amount and payment of any dividends is within the discretion of our Board, and will depend upon various factors, including our earnings, financial condition, liquidity, debt covenants, applicable provisions of Delaware law and other factors as our Board may deem relevant from time to time. Moreover, no assurance can be given that we will be able to make distributions to our stockholders at any time in the future or that the level of any such distributions will achieve a market yield or increase or even be maintained over time, any of which could materially and adversely affect us. - 34 - Future offerings of debt or equity securities, which may rank senior to our common stock, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Our present debt ranks, and any future debt would rank, senior to our common stock. Such debt is, and likely will be, governed by a loan agreement, an indenture, or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, our convertible securities, and any equity securities or convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock and may result in dilution to owners of our common stock. We and, indirectly, our stockholders will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such debt or securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of our future offerings. Thus, holders of our common stock will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting the value of their stock holdings in us. Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 1C.    Cybersecurity. Risk management and strategy We have implemented and maintain various information security processes at each of our remote and office locations designed to identify, assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats to our critical computer networks, third-party hosted services, communications systems, hardware and software, and our critical data, including intellectual property and confidential information that is proprietary, strategic or competitive in nature (“Information Systems and Data”). Our Head of Technology Infrastructure & Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) helps identify, assess and manage our cybersecurity threats and risks. Collaborating with their team, they are responsible for steering the Company-wide cybersecurity strategy, policy, standards, architecture, and processes. They also identify and assess risks from cybersecurity threats by monitoring and evaluating our threat environment and our risk profile using various methods. The Company’s information security program, led by our CISO , collaborates with various departments within the organization, such as information technology, legal, enterprise risk management, human resources, accounting, finance, and internal audit, as well as external third-party partners. This collaboration aims to identify, mitigate, and plan for potential cybersecurity threats comprehensively. Additionally, the Company consistently evaluates and enhances its processes, procedures, and management approaches in response to evolving cybersecurity landscapes. Depending on the environment, we implement and maintain various technical, physical, and organizational measures, processes, standards and policies designed to manage and mitigate material risks from cybersecurity threats to our Information Systems and Data. These include incident management, change management, network segmentation, cyber protection and containment, detection and response, and recovery. We measure our programs against the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cyber Security Framework and regularly test our controls and incident response plans. Our assessment and management of material risks from cybersecurity threats are integrated into our overall risk management processes. For example, (1) cybersecurity risk is addressed as a component of our enterprise risk management program; (2) the information security function works with our leadership team to prioritize our risk management processes and mitigate cybersecurity threats that are more likely to lead to a material impact to our business; and (3) our CISO evaluates material risks from cybersecurity threats against our overall business objectives and reports to the Finance and Risk Committee of our Board (the “Finance and Risk Committee”), which evaluates our overall enterprise risk. We use third-party service providers to assist us from time to time to identify, assess, and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats, as well as to perform a variety of other functions throughout our business. We have enlisted the services of a third-party managed detection and response firm to conduct continuous monitoring of our information systems, including intrusion detection and alerting. We also regularly engage with assessors, consultants, auditors, and other third parties to review our cybersecurity program to help identify areas for continued focus, improvement, and compliance. For a description of the risks from cybersecurity threats that may materially affect us and how they may do so, see our

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
Components of renewable energy systems, such as turbines, solar panels and inverters, could be damaged by natural disasters or severe weather, including extreme temperatures, wildfires, hurricanes, hailstorms or tornadoes. Furthermore, the potential physical impacts of climate change may impact our projects, including the result of changes in weather patterns (including floods, tsunamis, drought, mudslides, and rainfall levels), wind speeds, water availability, storm patterns and intensities, and temperature levels. The projects in which we invest will be obligated to bear the expense of repairing the damaged renewable energy systems and replacing spare parts for key components and insurance may not cover the costs or the lost revenue. Natural disasters or unfavorable weather and atmospheric conditions, such as extreme cold temperatures or extreme events of rain, flooding, and mudslides, could impair the effectiveness of the renewable energy assets, reduce their output beneath their rated capacity, require shutdown of key equipment or impede operation of the renewable energy assets, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. Sustained unfavorable weather could also unexpectedly delay the installation of renewable energy systems, which could result in a delay in our investing in new projects or increase the cost of such projects. The resulting effects of climate change can also have an impact on the cost of, and the ability of a project to obtain, adequate insurance coverage to protect against related losses. We typically base our investment decisions with respect to each renewable energy facility on the findings of studies conducted on-site prior to construction or based on historical conditions at existing facilities. However, actual climatic conditions at a facility site may not conform to the findings of these studies. Even if an operating project’s historical renewable energy resources are consistent with the long-term estimates, the unpredictable nature of weather conditions often results in daily, monthly and yearly material deviations from the average renewable resources anticipated during a particular period. Therefore, renewable energy facilities in which we invest may not meet anticipated production levels or the rated capacity of the generation assets, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. In addition, many of the project’s end-customers are large entities with wide ranging activities. A climate related event in a non-related part of the business could have a material adverse impact on the financial strength of such end-customer and their - 18 - ability to honor their contractual obligations which could negatively impact on revenue and the cash flow of the project and our business. The preparation of our financial statements, including provision for loan losses, involves use of estimates, judgments and assumptions, and our financial statements may be materially affected if our estimates prove to be incorrect. Financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP require the use of estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts. Different estimates, judgments and assumptions reasonably could be used that would have a material effect on the financial statements, and changes in these estimates, judgments and assumptions are likely to occur from period to period in the future. Significant areas of accounting requiring the application of management’s judgment include but are not limited to determining the fair value of our assets. These estimates, judgments and assumptions are inherently uncertain, and, if they prove to be wrong, then we face the risk that charges to income will be required. Any charges could significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates” for a discussion of the accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are the most critical to an understanding of our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, our provision for loan losses is evaluated on a quarterly basis. The determination of our provision for loan losses requires us to make certain estimates and judgments, which may be difficult to determine. Our estimates and judgments are based on a number of factors and may not be correct. If our estimates or judgments are incorrect, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely impacted. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates” for a discussion of the accounting estimates, judgments and assumptions that we believe are the most critical to our provision of loan losses. We rely on our project sponsors for financial reporting related to our project companies, and our financial statements may be materially affected if the financial reporting related to our project companies proves to be incorrect. We have equity investments in climate solutions project companies that we account for under the equity method of accounting, which requires us to rely on the project sponsor for the reporting of the financial results of those project companies, including in some instances the allocation of earnings under the hypothetical liquidation at book value (“HLBV”) method. The HLBV method involves complex judgments around the interpretation of legal provisions governing liquidation of the entity in which we are invested. To the extent the reporting inclusive of these HLBV allocations we are provided is incorrect, our financial results reported using that information may be incorrect. Our investments are subject to delinquency, foreclosure and loss, any or all of which could result in losses to us. Our investments are subject to risks of delinquency, foreclosure and loss. In many cases, the ability of a borrower to return our invested capital and our expected return is dependent primarily upon the successful development, construction and operation of the underlying project. If the cash flow of the project is reduced, the borrower’s ability to return our capital and our expected return may be impaired. We make certain estimates regarding project cash flows or savings during the underwriting of our investment. These estimates may not prove accurate, as actual results may vary from estimates. The cash flows or cost savings of a project can be affected by, among other things: the terms of the power purchase or other use agreements used in such project; the creditworthiness of the offtaker or project user; price of power or services now and in the future; the technology deployed; unanticipated expenses in the development or operation of the project and changes in national, regional, state or local economic conditions, laws and regulations; and force majeure events. In the event of any default or shortfall of an investment, we will bear a risk of loss of principal or equity to the extent of any deficiency between the value of the collateral, if any, and the amount of our investment, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow from operations and may impact the cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Many of the projects are structured as special purpose limited liability companies, which limits our ability to realize any recovery to the collateral or value of the project itself. In the event of the bankruptcy of a project owner, obligor, or other borrower, our investment or the project will be deemed to be subject to the avoidance powers of the bankruptcy trustee or debtor-in-possession and our or the project’s contractual rights may be unenforceable under federal bankruptcy or state law. Foreclosure proceedings against a project can be an expensive and lengthy process, which could have a substantial negative effect on our anticipated return on the foreclosed investment. The projects in which we invest may incur liabilities that rank equally with, or senior to, our investments in such projects. We provide a range of product investment structures, including various types of debt and equity securities, senior and subordinated loans, real property leases, mezzanine debt, preferred equity and common equity. Our projects may have, or may be permitted to incur, other liabilities or equity preferences that rank equally with, or senior to, our positions or investments in such projects or businesses, as the case may be, including with respect to grants of collateral. By their terms, such instruments - 19 - may entitle the holders to receive payment of interest, principal payments or other distributions on or before the dates on which we are entitled to receive payments with respect to the instruments in which we invest. Also, in the event of insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of an entity in which we have invested, holders of instruments ranking senior to our investment in that project or business would typically be entitled to receive payment in full before we receive any distribution. After repaying such senior stakeholders, such project may not have any remaining assets to use for repaying its obligation to us. In the case of securities ranking equally with instruments we hold, we would have to share on an equal basis any distributions with other stakeholders holding such instruments in the event of an insolvency, liquidation, dissolution, reorganization or bankruptcy of the relevant project. We invest in joint ventures and other similar arrangements that subject us to additional risks. Part of our strategy is to participate with other institutional investors or project sponsors on various climate solutions transactions. Accordingly, some of our project companies are structured as joint ventures, partnerships, securitizations, and syndications, and we also at times invest in project companies through co-investment structures. These arrangements are driven by the magnitude of capital required to complete acquisitions and the development of climate solutions projects and other industry-wide trends that we believe will continue. Such arrangements involve risks not present where a third party is not involved, including the possibility that partners or co-venturers might become bankrupt or otherwise fail to fund their share of required capital contributions. Additionally, partners or co-venturers might at any time have economic or other business interests or goals different from ours. These investments generally provide for a reduced level of control over an acquired project because governance rights are shared with others. Accordingly, project decisions relating to the management, operation and the timing and nature of any exit, are often made by a majority vote of the investors or by separate agreements that are reached with respect to individual decisions. In addition, project operations may be subject to the risk that the project owners may make business, financial or management choices with which we do not agree or the management of the project may take risks or otherwise act in a manner that does not serve our interests, including not making distributions. Because we may not have the ability to exercise control, we may not be able to realize some or all of the benefits expected from our investment. If any of the foregoing were to occur, our business, financial condition and results of operations could suffer. In addition, some of our joint ventures, partnerships, and equity investments subject the sale or transfer of our interests in these project companies to rights of first refusal or first offer, tag along or drag along rights and buy-sell, call-put or other restrictions. Such rights may be triggered at a time when we may not want them to be exercised and such rights may inhibit our ability to sell our interest in an entity within our desired time frame or on any other desired terms. Many of the projects in which we invest depend on revenues from third-party contractual arrangements, including PPAs, that expose the projects to various risks. Many of the projects in which we invest rely on revenue or repayment from contractual commitments of end-customers, including federal, state, or local governments for energy efficiency projects, or utilities or other customers under PPAs. There is a risk that these customers may default under their respective contracts. In addition, many of these end-customers are large entities with wide ranging activities. An event in a non-related part of their respective businesses could have a material adverse impact on the financial strength of such end-customer, such as the effect of wildfires on certain California utilities. Furthermore, the bankruptcy, insolvency, or other liquidity constraints of one or more of our customers may result in a renegotiation or rejection of the relevant third-party contract, delay the receipt of any obligations or reduce the likelihood of collecting defaulted obligations. Some projects rely on one customer for their revenue and thus the project could be materially and adversely affected by any material change in the financial condition of that customer. While there may be alternative customers for such a project, there can be no assurance that a new contract on the same terms will be able to be negotiated for the project. Revenues at some of the projects in which we invest depend on reliable and efficient metering, or other revenue collection systems, which are often specified in the contract. If one or more of these projects are not able to operate and maintain the metering or other revenue collection systems in the manner expected, if the operation and maintenance costs, are greater than expected, or if the customer disputes the output of the revenue collection system, the ability of the project to repay our investments or provide a return to us on our asset could be materially and adversely affected. In most instances, projects which sell power under PPAs commit to sell minimum levels of generation. If the project generates less than the committed volumes, it may be required to buy the shortfall of electricity on the open market or make payments of liquidated damages or be in default under a PPA, which could result in termination of the relevant contract. In the event that any of these events were to occur, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could suffer. Lastly, certain of our projects with contractually committed revenues or other sources of repayment under long-term contracts will be subject to re-contracting risk in the future. We may be unable to renegotiate these contracts on equally favorable terms or at all once their terms expire. If it is not possible to renegotiate these contracts on favorable terms, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. - 20 - We are exposed to the credit risk of various project sponsors, ESCOs, and others. We are exposed to credit risks in the commercial projects in which we invest. We are also subject to varying degrees of credit risk related to ESCOs in government energy efficiency projects in which guarantees provided by ESCOs under energy savings performance contracts are required in the event that certain energy savings are not realized by the customer. Where we make loans to or own equity interests in special purposes entities such as those that lease solar energy systems to residential customers, those special purpose entities often enter into various contractual arrangements with, or receive performance guarantees from the affiliate project sponsor to ensure satisfactory equipment or other project performance over the term of the lease or power purchase agreement. To the extent those parties are unable to perform on their contractual obligations or performance guarantees we may see diminished equity returns or the special purpose entity may be unable to repay their loan timely or at all. While we employ a comprehensive review and asset selection process, and carefully monitor  acquired assets on an ongoing basis, unanticipated credit losses could occur which could adversely impact our operating results. During periods of economic downturn in the global economy, the solvency and financial wherewithal of counterparties with whom we do business could be impacted thereby increasing our exposure to credit risks from obligors, and our efforts to monitor and mitigate the associated risks may not be effective. In the event a counterparty becomes insolvent or unable to make payments, we may fail to recover the full value of our investment or realize the value from the counterparty’s contract, thus reducing our earnings and liquidity. In addition, the insolvency of one or more of our, or one of our climate solutions projects’, counterparties could reduce the amount of financing available to us, which would make it more difficult for us to leverage the value of our assets and obtain substitute financing on attractive terms or at all. A material reduction in our financing sources or an adverse change in the terms of our financings could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Certain participants in the sustainable energy industry have experienced significant declines in the value of their equity and difficulty in raising or refinancing debt, which increases the credit risk to these companies and they may not be able to fulfill their obligations which could adversely impact our operating results. The ability of our assets to generate revenue from certain projects depends on having interconnection arrangements and services. The future success of our assets will depend, in part, on the ability of such assets to maintain satisfactory interconnection agreements. If the interconnection or transmission agreement of a project is terminated for any reason, the project may not be able to replace it with an interconnection and transmission arrangement on terms as favorable as the terminated arrangement, or at all, or the project may experience significant delays or costs in connection with securing a replacement. If a network to which one or more of the projects is connected experiences equipment or operational problems or other forms of “down time,” the affected project may lose revenue and be exposed to non-performance penalties and claims from its customers. These may include claims for damages incurred by customers, such as the additional cost of acquiring alternative electricity supply at then-current spot market rates. The owners of the network will not usually compensate electricity generators for lost income due to down time. In addition, our projects may be exposed to a locational basis risk resulting from a difference between where the power is generated and the contracted delivery point. These factors could materially affect these projects, which could negatively affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flow. Operation of the projects in which we invest involves significant risks and hazards that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Generally, projects involving construction are subject to various construction and operating delays and risks that have in the past and may in the future cause higher than expected costs or less than expected amounts of savings or outputs (such as electricity in the case of a renewable energy project). The ongoing operation of the projects in which we invest involves risks that include construction delays, the breakdown or failure of equipment or processes or performance below expected levels of output or efficiency due to wear and tear, the impact of inflation, latent defect, design error or operator error or force majeure events, among other things. In addition to natural risks such as earthquake, flood, drought, lightning, wildfire, hurricane, ice, wind, and temperature extremes, other hazards, such as fire, explosion, structural collapse and machinery failure, geopolitical conflicts, acts of terrorism or related acts of war, hostile cyber intrusions, pandemics or other public health issues, or other catastrophic events are inherent risks in the construction and operation of a project. These and other hazards can cause significant personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to and destruction of property, plant and equipment and contamination of, or damage to, the environment and suspension of operations. Operation of a project also involves risks that the operator will be unable to transport its product to its customers in an efficient manner due to a lack of transmission capacity. Unplanned outages of projects, including extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems, occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the business. Unplanned outages typically increase operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce revenues as a result of selling less electricity or require the project to incur significant costs as a result of obtaining replacement power from third parties in the open market to satisfy forward power sales obligations. Any extended interruption in a project’s construction or operation, a project’s inability to operate its assets efficiently, manage capital expenditures and costs or generate earnings and - 21 - cash flow could have a material adverse effect on the repayment of and return on our investment and our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. While the projects maintain insurance, obtain warranties from vendors and obligate contractors to meet certain performance levels, the proceeds of such insurance, warranties or performance guarantees may not cover the lost revenues, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments should the project experience any equipment breakdowns, insurance claims or non-performance by contractors or vendors. Some of the projects in which we invest may require substantial operating or capital expenditures in the future. Many of the projects in which we invest are capital intensive and require substantial ongoing expenditures for, among other things, additions and improvements, and maintenance and repair of plant and equipment related to project operations. In addition, there may be cash needs to settle certain contractual obligations of the projects, such as settlements or margining requirements related to hedging activities. While we do not typically bear the responsibility for these expenditures, any failure by the equity owner to make necessary operating or capital expenditures could adversely impact project performance. In addition, some of these expenditures may not be recoverable from current or future contractual arrangements. The use of real property rights that we acquire or are used for our climate solutions projects may be adversely affected by the rights of lienholders and leaseholders that are superior to those of the grantors of those real property rights to us. The projects in which we invest often require large areas of land for construction and operation or other easements or access to the underlying land. In addition, we may acquire rights to land or other real property. Although we believe that we, or the projects in which we invest, have valid rights to all material easements, licenses and rights of way, not all of such easements, licenses and rights of way are registered against the lands to which they relate and may not bind subsequent owners. Some of our real property rights and projects generally are, and are likely to continue to be, located on land occupied pursuant to long-term easements and leases. The ownership interests in the land subject to these easements and leases may be subject to mortgages securing loans or other liens (such as tax liens) and other easement and lease rights of third parties (such as leases of water, oil or mineral rights) that were created prior to, or are superior to, our or our projects’ easements and leases. As a result, our rights may be subject, and subordinate, to the rights of those third parties. We typically obtain representations or perform title searches or obtain title insurance to protect our real property interest and our investments in our projects against these risks. Such measures may, however, be inadequate to protect against all risk of loss of rights to use the land rights we have acquired or the land on which these projects are located, which could have a material and adverse effect on our land rights, our projects and their financial condition and operating results. We have invested in, through various structures, land or leasehold interests that are used by renewable energy projects. Negative market conditions or adverse events affecting tenants, or the industries in which they operate, could have an adverse impact on our underwritten returns. Moreover, many of our real estate assets are concentrated in similar geographic locations, which subjects us to an increased risk of significant loss if any property declines in value, incurs a natural disaster or if we are unable to lease a property. We have indirectly, through equity method investments and securitization trust structures, invested in land leased to renewable energy projects in specific regions. Our returns and cash flow from such investments are dependent on favorable leasing terms and tenant stability, and are vulnerable to factors such as lease performance, market value fluctuations, natural disasters and tenants’ financial health. Tenants experiencing project downturns, increased costs, or insolvencies could lead to significant losses. If tenants terminate or do not renew leases, we may not be able to re-lease the land with favorable leases or sell the land at prices that allow us to recover our investment or achieve our desired investment returns. Tenant bankruptcy could limit claims against unpaid rent, leading to operational losses. Concentration of projects in certain states exposes us to potential adverse political or regulatory changes or to potential natural disasters, impacting property values and leasing capabilities. Performance of projects where we invest may be harmed by future labor disruptions and economically unfavorable collective bargaining agreements. A number of the projects where we invest could have workforces that are unionized or in the future may become unionized and, as a result, are required to negotiate the wages, benefits and other terms with many of their employees collectively. If these projects were unable to negotiate acceptable contracts with any of their unions as existing agreements expire, they could experience a significant disruption of their operations, higher ongoing labor costs and restrictions on their ability to maximize the efficiency of their operations, which could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, in some jurisdictions where our projects have operations, labor forces have a legal right to strike, which may have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations, either directly or indirectly, for example if a critical upstream or downstream counterparty was itself subject to a labor disruption that impacted the ability of our projects to operate. We invest in projects that rely on third parties to manufacture quality products or provide reliable services in a timely manner and the failure of these third parties could cause project performance to be adversely affected. - 22 - We invest in projects that typically rely on third parties to select, manage or provide equipment or services. Third parties may be responsible for choosing vendors, including equipment suppliers and subcontractors. Project success often depends on third parties who are capable of installing and managing projects and structuring contracts that provide appropriate protection against construction and operational risks. In many cases, in addition to contractual protections and remedies, project owners may seek guaranties, warranties and construction bonding to provide additional protection. The warranties provided by the third parties and, in some cases, their subcontractors, typically limit any direct harm that results from relying on their products and services. However, there can be no assurance that a supplier or subcontractor will be willing or able to fulfill its contractual obligations and make necessary repairs or replace equipment. In addition, these warranties generally expire within one to five years or may be of limited scope or provide limited remedies. If projects are unable to avail themselves of warranty protection or receive the expected protection under the terms of the guaranties or bonding, we may need to incur additional costs, including replacement and installation costs, which could adversely impact our investment. In addition, renewable energy projects rely on electric and other types of transmission lines and facilities owned and operated by third parties to receive and distribute energy. Any substantial access barriers to these lines and facilities could adversely impact the demand or financial performance for such projects and our investments. Liability relating to environmental matters may impact the value of properties that we may acquire or the properties underlying our assets. Under various U.S. federal, state and local laws, an owner or operator of real estate or a project may become liable for the costs of removal of certain hazardous substances released from the project or any underlying real property. These laws often impose liability without regard to whether the owner or operator knew of, or was responsible for, the release of such hazardous substances. We acquire real property rights, make investments in projects that own real property, have collateral consisting of real property and in the course of our business, we may take title to a project or its underlying real estate assets relating to one of our debt financings. In these cases, we could be subject to environmental liabilities with respect to these assets. The presence of hazardous substances may adversely affect our ability to sell a contaminated project or borrow using the project as collateral. To the extent that we become liable for the removal costs, our results of operation and financial condition may be adversely affected. Insurance and contractual protections may not always cover lost revenue, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments. Although the assets or projects in which we invest generally have insurance, supplier warranties, subcontractors performance assurances such as bonding and other risk mitigation measures, the proceeds of such insurance, warranties, bonding or other measures may not be adequate to cover lost revenue, increased expenses or liquidated damages payments that may be required in the future. The repayment of certain of our assets is dependent upon collection of payments from residential customers and we may be indirectly subject to consumer protection laws and regulations. Certain obligors to which we have credit exposure are, or may be, subject to consumer protection laws, such as federal truth-in-lending, consumer leasing, and equal credit opportunity laws and regulations, as well as state and local sales and finance laws and regulations. Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of law may be asserted against those obligors by individuals or governmental entities and may expose them to significant damages or other penalties, including fines, or could reduce the likelihood the residential customer may pay their obligation, which could limit their ability to repay borrowings or make equity distributions to us. Risks Related to Our Company and Structure Our business could be harmed if key personnel terminate their employment with us. Our success depends, to a significant extent, on the continued services of our senior management team. We have entered into employment agreements with certain members of our senior management team. Notwithstanding these agreements, there can be no assurance that any or all members of our senior management team will remain employed by us. We do not maintain key person life insurance on any of our officers. The loss of services of one or more members of our senior management team could harm our business and our prospects. Conflicts of interest could arise as a result of our structure. Conflicts of interest could arise in the future as a result of the relationships between us and our affiliates, on the one hand, and our Operating Partnership or any partner thereof, on the other. Our directors and officers have duties to our Company under applicable Delaware law in connection with our management. Our duties, as the general partner, to our Operating Partnership and our partners may come into conflict with the duties of our directors and officers to us. - 23 - Under Delaware law, a general partner of a Delaware limited partnership owes its limited partners the duties of good faith and fair dealing. Other duties, including fiduciary duties, may be modified or eliminated in the partnership’s partnership agreement, except that conflict of interest transactions may still run afoul of implied contractual standards under Delaware law. The partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership provides that, for so long as we own a controlling interest in our Operating Partnership, any conflict that cannot be resolved in a manner not adverse to either our stockholders or the limited partners will be resolved in favor of our stockholders. We have not obtained an opinion of counsel covering the provisions set forth in the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership that purport to waive or restrict our fiduciary duties that would be in effect under common law were it not for the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership. Additionally, the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership expressly limits our liability by providing that neither we, as the general partner of the Operating Partnership, nor any of our directors or officers, will be liable or accountable in damages to our Operating Partnership, its limited partners or their assignees for errors in judgment, mistakes of fact or law or for any act or omission if the general partner, director or officer, acted in good faith. In addition, our Operating Partnership is required to indemnify us, our affiliates and each of our and their respective officers, directors, employees and agents to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law against any and all losses, claims, damages, liabilities (whether joint or several), expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys’ fees and other legal fees and expenses), judgments, fines, settlements and other amounts arising from any and all claims, demands, actions, suits or proceedings, civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, that relate to the operations of the Operating Partnership, provided that our Operating Partnership will not indemnify any such person for (1) willful misconduct or a knowing violation of the law, (2) any transaction for which such person received an improper personal benefit in violation or breach of any provision of the partnership agreement of our Operating Partnership, or (3) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the person had reasonable cause to believe the act or omission was unlawful. Our charter and bylaws, as well as Delaware law, contain provisions that could discourage acquisition bids or merger proposals, which may adversely affect the market price our common stock. Our charter and bylaws contain provisions that could delay or prevent a change in control of our Company. These provisions could also make it difficult for stockholders to elect directors that are not nominated by the current members of our Board or to take other corporate actions, including effecting changes in our management. These provisions include: • the denial of any right of our stockholders to remove members of our Board except upon the approval of at least two-thirds of the shares of then entitled to vote at an election of directors; • the exclusive right of our Board to elect a director to fill a vacancy created by the expansion of our Board or the resignation, death, or removal of a director, which prevents stockholders from being able to fill vacancies on our Board; • limitations on the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings; • a prohibition on actions by holders of our common stock by written consent, which forces stockholder action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of our stockholders; • advance notice provisions for stockholder proposals and nominations for elections to our Board to be acted upon at meetings of stockholders; • the ability of our Board to issue shares of preferred stock and to determine the price and other terms of those shares, including preferences and voting rights, without stockholder approval, which could be used to significantly dilute the ownership of a hostile acquirer; and • the requirement that the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of our common stock be obtained to amend our charter or bylaws. Our charter designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders’ ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. Our charter provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, and unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, in the event that the Chancery Court does not have jurisdiction, the federal district court of the State of Delaware) will be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer, other employee or stockholder of ours to us or our stockholders, (3) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), our charter or our bylaws (as either may be amended or restated) or as to which the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware or (4) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the law of the State of Delaware. - 24 - However, our charter provides that federal district courts of the United States of America will be the sole and exclusive forum for claims under the Securities Act. These provisions may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and consented to the forum provisions in our charter. However, the enforceability of similar forum provisions in other companies’ charters has been challenged in legal proceedings, and it is possible that a court could find these types of provisions to be unenforceable. If a court were to find these provisions of our charter inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. Failure to qualify as a REIT for prior taxable years would subject us to U.S. federal income tax and potentially state and local tax. We elected to be taxed as a REIT commencing with our taxable year ended December 31, 2013, but terminated our election, effective January 1, 2024. Prior to terminating our REIT election, our qualification as a REIT depended upon our satisfaction of certain asset, income, organizational, distribution, stockholder ownership and other requirements on a continuing basis. We structured our activities in a manner designed to satisfy all the requirements to qualify as a REIT. However, the REIT qualification requirements are extremely complex and interpretation of the U.S. federal income tax laws governing qualification as a REIT is limited. Furthermore, any opinion of our counsel, regarding qualification as a REIT is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”). Satisfying the asset tests depended on our analysis of the characterization and fair market values of our assets, some of which are not susceptible to a precise determination. Furthermore, during the period that we elected to be taxed as a REIT, we invested in certain assets that we believed were qualifying assets for purposes of the REIT assets tests, such as mezzanine loans meeting certain requirements and commercial property assessed clean energy assets, and no assurance can be provided that the IRS would agree with such characterizations. Accordingly, if certain of our operations were to be recharacterized by the IRS, such recharacterization could jeopardize our ability to have satisfied all requirements for qualification as a REIT for prior taxable years. Furthermore, future legislative, judicial or administrative changes to the U.S. federal income tax laws could be applied retroactively, which could result in our disqualification as a REIT for prior taxable years. We received a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”), which we refer to as the Ruling, relating to our ability to treat certain of our assets as qualifying REIT assets. We were entitled to rely on this Ruling for those assets which fit within the scope of the Ruling only to the extent that we had the legal and contractual rights described in the Ruling, and we operated in accordance with the relevant facts described in the Ruling request we submitted, such facts were accurately presented and only to the extent that the Ruling was not inconsistent with the Real Property Regulations (as discussed in more detail below). As a result, no assurance can be given that we were able to rely on the Ruling during the period that we elected to be taxed as a REIT. In August of 2016, the Treasury Department and the IRS published regulations which we refer to as the Real Property Regulations relating to the definition of “real property” for purposes of the REIT income and asset tests with respect to our taxable years that we elected to be taxed as a REIT beginning after December 31, 2016. Among other things, the Real Property Regulations provide that an obligation secured by a structural component of a building or other inherently permanent structure qualifies as a real estate asset for REIT qualification purposes only if such obligation is also secured by a real property interest in the inherently permanent structure served by such structural component. This aspect of the Real Property Regulations has important implications for our qualification as a REIT during the periods that we elected to so qualify, because a significant portion of our REIT qualifying assets consisted of receivables that were secured by liens on installed structural improvements designed to improve the energy efficiency of buildings and a significant portion of our REIT qualifying gross income was interest income earned with respect to such receivables. The structural improvements securing the receivables held by us during the period we elected to be taxed as a REIT generally qualified as “fixtures” under local real property law, as well as under the Uniform Commercial Code, or the UCC, which governs rights and obligations of parties in secured transactions. Although not controlling for REIT purposes, the general rule in the United States is that once improvements are permanently installed in real properties, such improvements become fixtures and thus take on the character of and are considered to be real property for certain state and local law purposes. In general, in the United States, laws governing fixtures, including the UCC and real property law, afford lenders who have secured their financings with security interests in fixtures with rights that extend not just to the fixtures that secure their financings, but also to the real properties in which such fixtures have been installed. By way of example only, Section 9-604(b) of the UCC, which has been adopted in all but two states in the United States, permits a lender secured by fixtures, upon a default, to enforce its rights under the UCC or under applicable real property laws. Although there is limited authority directly on point, given the nature of, and the extent to which, the structural improvements securing the receivables held by us during the period we elected to be taxed as a REIT were integrated into and served the related buildings, we believe that the better view is that the nature and scope of our rights in such buildings that inured to us as a result of our receivables were sufficient to - 25 - satisfy the requirements of the Real Property Regulations described above. In addition to the limited authority directly on point, two other important caveats apply in this regard. First, the Real Property Regulations do not define what is required for an obligation secured by a lien on a structural component to also be secured by a real property interest in the building served by such structural component. However, the initial proposed version of the Real Property Regulations, which never became effective, included a requirement that the interest in the real property held by a REIT be “equivalent” to the interest in a structural component held by the REIT in order for the structural component to be treated as a real estate asset. This requirement was ultimately not included in the final Real Property Regulations, in part in response to comments that such requirement may negatively affect investment in energy efficiency and renewable energy assets. We believe the deletion of this requirement implies that under the final Real Property Regulations, our rights in the building during the period we elected to be taxed as a REIT did not need to be equivalent to our rights in the structural components serving the building. Second, real property law is typically relegated to the states and the specific rights available to any lien or mortgage holder, including our rights as a fixture lien holder described above, may vary between jurisdictions as a result of a range of factors, including the specific local real property law requirements and judicial and regulatory interpretations of such laws, and the competing rights of mortgage and other lenders. During the period we elected to be taxed as a REIT, we applied the analysis described above in a number of states that have adopted Section 9-604(b) of the UCC. In addition, in states where Section 9-604(b) of the UCC has not been adopted, we applied the analysis described above based on the application of the local real property laws of that state to the extent that we received advice from counsel in those jurisdictions that local real property law provided us with appropriate rights to the buildings in which the structural improvements securing our receivables were installed. Furthermore, we applied the analysis described above to certain receivables secured by liens on structural improvements installed in buildings located in certain U.S. installations outside of the United States, based on our view that such installations were subject to U.S. sovereignty and as a result the UCC applied in such installations. While a number of cases have addressed the rights of fixture lien holders generally, there are limited judicial interpretations in only a few jurisdictions that directly address the rights and remedies available to a fixture lien holder in the real property in which the fixtures have been installed. Such rights have been addressed in some cases that support our position and, in factual circumstances distinguishable from our own, in some cases where the courts have found these rights to be more limited. The resolution of these issues in many jurisdictions therefore has remained uncertain. As a result of the foregoing, no assurance can be given that the IRS will not challenge our position that the receivables that we held during the periods that we elected to be taxed as a REIT met the requirements of the Real Property Regulations or that, if challenged, such position would be sustained. The preamble to the Real Property Regulations provides that, to the extent a private letter ruling issued prior to the issuance of the Real Property Regulations is inconsistent with the Real Property Regulations, the private letter ruling is revoked prospectively from the applicability date of the Real Property Regulations. We do not believe that the Ruling is inconsistent with the Real Property Regulations because we believe the analysis in the Ruling was based on similar principles as the relevant portions of the Real Property Regulations, and accordingly we do not believe that the Real Property Regulations impacted our ability to rely on the Ruling. However, no assurance can be given that the IRS would not successfully assert that we were not permitted to rely on the Ruling during periods that we elected to be taxed as a REIT because the Ruling had been revoked by the Real Property Regulations. If the IRS were to assert that a significant portion of the receivables that we held during periods that we elected to be taxed as a REIT did not qualify as real estate assets and did not generate income treated as interest income from mortgages on real property, we would fail to satisfy both the gross income requirements and asset requirements applicable to REITs during the relevant periods. During the period that we elected to be taxed as a REIT, no more than 20% of the value of our total assets were permitted to consist of stock and securities of one or more taxable REIT subsidiaries, or TRSs. In order to satisfy the TRS limitation, we made loans to our TRSs that met the requirements to be treated as qualifying investments of new capital, which are generally treated as real estate assets under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or “the Code”. Because such loans were treated as real estate assets for purposes of the REIT requirements, we did not treat these loans as TRS securities for purposes of the TRS asset limitation. However, no assurance can be provided that the IRS may not successfully assert that such loans should be treated as securities of our TRSs, which could adversely impact our qualification as a REIT during the periods that we elected to be taxed as a REIT. In addition, our TRSs had obtained financing in transactions in which we and our other subsidiaries had provided guaranties and similar credit support. Although we believe that these financings were properly treated as financings of our TRSs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, no assurance can be provided that the IRS would not assert that such financings should be treated as issued by other entities in our structure, which could impact our compliance with the TRS limitation and the other REIT requirements during the period that we elected to be taxed as a REIT. - 26 - If the IRS were to determine that we failed to qualify as a REIT for any prior taxable year ended on or before December 31, 2023, and we do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, we would be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our taxable income for such taxable year at the applicable corporate rate. If that were to happen, we would also be disqualified from treatment as a REIT for the four taxable years following the year in which we lost our REIT qualification. Losing our REIT qualification for any prior taxable year(s) could reduce our current and/or future net earnings available for investment or distribution to stockholders because of additional tax liability for any such year(s). If we were to lose our REIT qualification for any prior taxable year(s), we might be required to borrow funds or liquidate some investments in order to pay any applicable tax. Our ability to utilize our NOLs and other carryforwards may be limited. Under the Code, a corporation is generally allowed a deduction for net operating losses (“NOLs”) carried over from prior taxable years, subject to certain limitations. Our NOL carryforwards are subject to adjustment on audit by the Internal Revenue Service and the respective state taxing authorities. Additionally, certain of the NOL carryforwards may expire before we can generate sufficient taxable income to use them. Our ability to use our NOLs and other carryforwards depends on the amount of taxable income generated in future periods. There can be no assurance that an additional valuation allowance on our net deferred tax assets will not be required should our financial performance be negatively impacted in the future. Such valuation allowance could be material. In addition, the use of NOLs and other carryforwards to offset taxable income is subject to various limitations, which could limit our ability to utilize these tax attributes to reduce our taxes even if we generate sufficient taxable income. A corporation’s ability to deduct its federal NOL carryforwards and to utilize certain other available tax attributes can be substantially constrained under the general annual limitation rules of Section 382 of the Code (“Section 382”) if it undergoes an “ownership change” as defined in Section 382 (generally where cumulative stock ownership changes among material stockholders exceed 50% during a rolling three-year period). An ownership change may severely limit or effectively eliminate our ability to utilize our NOL carryforwards and other tax attributes. In October 2023, our Board adopted a tax benefits preservation plan (the “Tax Benefits Preservation Plan”) in order to preserve our ability to use our NOLs and certain other tax attributes to reduce potential future income tax obligations. The Tax Benefits Preservation Plan was terminated in conjunction with our conversion from a Maryland corporation to a Delaware corporation in July 2024 (the “Conversion”). In the Conversion, we adopted our charter, which includes provisions that are also intended to reduce the risk of an “ownership change” under Section 382 of the Code (the “Charter Tax Benefit Provisions”). The Charter Tax Benefit Provisions generally restrict any person or entity from attempting to transfer any of our stock to the extent that transfer would, if effected and subject to certain exceptions, (i) result in an individual, entity, firm, corporation, estate, trust or other person or group of persons described in the Charter Tax Benefit Provisions as a “Person” owning 4.8% or more of our common stock (which the Charter Tax Benefit Provisions refer to as a “Prohibited Ownership Percentage”) or (ii) increase the ownership percentage of any Person that has a Prohibited Ownership Percentage, subject to certain exceptions. The Charter Tax Benefit Provisions provide that any transfer that violates the Charter Tax Benefit Provisions shall be null and void ab initio and shall not be effective to transfer any record, legal, beneficial or any other ownership of the number of shares which result in the violation of the Charter Tax Benefit Provisions. Some persons who are beneficial owners (as defined under the Exchange Act) of 4.8% or more of our Common Stock are not “4.8-percent stockholders” (defined by reference to the definition of “5-percent shareholder” under Section 382) and hence would not affect our ownership shift for purposes of Section 382. We expect our Board to generally grant waivers, if requested, to allow purchases by such persons, though there is also no guarantee our Board will grant any such waivers. There is no assurance, however, that the deterrent mechanism will be effective, and such acquisitions may still occur. In addition, the Charter Tax Benefit Provision may adversely affect the marketability of our common stock by discouraging existing or potential investors from acquiring our common stock or additional shares of our common stock. We may be subject to adverse legislative or regulatory tax changes that could increase our tax liability, reduce our operating flexibility, and reduce the market price of shares of our stock. Changes to the tax laws may occur, and any such changes could have an adverse effect on an investment in shares of our stock or on the market value or the resale potential of our assets. Our stockholders are urged to consult with an independent tax advisor with respect to the status of legislative, regulatory or administrative developments and proposals and their potential effect on an investment in shares of our stock. Our management and employees depend on information systems and system failures could significantly disrupt our business, which may, in turn, negatively affect the market price of our common stock and our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. Our underwriting process and our asset and financial management and reporting are dependent on our present and future communications and information systems. Any failure or interruption of these systems could cause delays or other problems in - 27 - our originating, financing, investing, asset and financial management and reporting activities, which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results. We contract with information technology service providers where, in part, we rely upon their systems and controls for the quality of the data provided. The inappropriate establishment and maintenance of these systems and controls could cause information that we use to operate our business to be unavailable or inaccurate and could negatively impact our financial results. Our information technology architecture is partially outsourced. These systems and processes may be either internet based or through traditional outsourced functions and certain of these arrangements are new or emerging. When we contract with these service providers, we attempt to evaluate the quality of their systems and controls before we execute the arrangement and may rely on third party reviews and audits of these service providers and attempt to implement certain processes to ensure the quality of the data received from these service providers. Because of the nature and maturity of the technology such efforts may be unsuccessful or incomplete and the unavailability of these systems or the inaccurate data provided from these service providers could negatively impact our financial results. Artificial intelligence could increase competitive, operational, legal and regulatory risks to our business in ways that we cannot predict. The use of artificial intelligence, machine learning technology and other quantitative analysis tools and models, developed by us or third-party service providers (collectively, "AI") as well as the increasing adoption of AI throughout society may expose us to new and unpredictable competitive, operational, legal and regulatory risks. We may not be able to anticipate, mitigate, or effectively manage all of the potential risks or impacts associated with our and third parties’ use of AI. These risks could disrupt, among other things, our business models, investment strategies, operational processes, and our ability to identify and hire employees. In addition, our competitors may more efficiently develop or implement AI-based technologies to identify and assess potential investments, address investor demands or improve operations. If we are unable to advance our AI capabilities as quickly or as effectively as our competitors, we may be at a competitive disadvantage. We may use AI to inform certain of our decisions or to manage our business. If we, or third parties whose services we rely on, use data in connection with the development or deployment of AI that is incomplete, inadequate or biased – or if the data contains inaccuracies or errors that result in flawed algorithms and models – the performance of our investments and operations could suffer. Our personnel or the personnel of our service providers could, without our knowledge, improperly utilize AI while carrying out their responsibilities. AI may be misused or misappropriated by our employees or third-party providers engaged by us. For example, by inputting confidential information into AI applications, resulting in such information becoming accessible by others, including our competitors. If we do not have sufficient rights to use the data or other material used with, or relied upon by, an AI application, we may incur liability through the alleged violation of applicable laws and regulations, intellectual property, data privacy, or other rights, or contractual obligations. Further, we may not be able to control how third-party AI applications that we choose to use are developed or maintained, or how data we input is used or disclosed, even where we have sought contractual protections with respect to these matters. The misuse or misappropriation of our data, deficiencies in the practices associated with data collection, training and data analytics, as well as difficulties validating data, could have an adverse impact on our reputation and could subject us to legal and regulatory investigations or actions. Regulators are also increasing scrutiny regarding AI and adopting regulations that may impact our use of the technology, including regulations regarding the use of “big data,” diligence of data sets and oversight of data vendors. The use of AI by us or others may require compliance with legal or regulatory frameworks that are not fully developed or tested, and we may face litigation and regulatory actions related to our use of AI. Existing laws and regulations may be interpreted in new ways, which would affect the way we use AI. These and other regulatory or legal developments could limit our ability to gain insights into and manage our business or otherwise have a materially adverse impact on us. Cybersecurity risks and cyber incidents may adversely affect our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, a misappropriation of funds, and/or damage to our business relationships, all of which could negatively impact our financial results. A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information resources. These incidents may be an intentional attack or an unintentional event and could involve gaining unauthorized access to our information systems for purposes of misappropriating assets, stealing confidential information, corrupting data or causing operational disruption. The risk of a security breach or disruption, particularly through cyber-attacks or cyber intrusions, including by computer hackers, nation-state affiliated actors, and cyber terrorists, has generally increased as the number, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks and intrusions from around the world have increased, and will likely continue to increase in the future. The result of these incidents could include disrupted operations, misstated or unreliable financial data, disrupted market price of our common stock, misappropriation of assets, liability for stolen assets or information, - 28 - increased cybersecurity protection and insurance cost, regulatory enforcement, litigation and damage to our relationships. These risks require continuous and likely increasing attention and other resources from us to, among other actions, identify and quantify these risks, upgrade and expand our technologies, systems and processes to adequately address them and provide periodic training for our employees to assist them in detecting phishing, malware and other schemes. Such attention diverts time and other resources from other activities and there is no assurance that our efforts will be effective. Additionally, the cost of maintaining such systems and processes, procedures and internal controls may increase from its current level. Potential sources for disruption, damage or failure of our information technology systems include, without limitation, computer viruses, security breaches, human error, cyber- attacks, natural disasters and defects in design. Additionally, due to the size and nature of our Company, we rely on third-party service providers for many aspects of our business. The networks and systems that our third-party vendors have established or use may not be effective. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to both our information systems and those provided by third-party service providers. Our processes, procedures and internal controls that are designed to mitigate cybersecurity risks and cyber intrusions do not guarantee that a cyber incident will not occur or that our financial results, operations or confidential information will not be negatively impacted by such an incident. Even if we are not targeted directly, cyberattacks on the U.S. and foreign governments, financial markets, financial institutions, or other businesses, including borrowers, vendors, software creators, cybersecurity service providers, and other third parties with whom we do business, may occur, and such events could disrupt our normal business operations and networks in the future. We may seek to expand our business internationally, which would expose us to additional risks that we do not face in the United States. A failure to manage these additional risks could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. We generate substantially all of our revenue from operations in the United States. We have begun to expand and may seek to expand our investments outside of the United States in the future. These operations will be subject to a variety of risks that we do not face in the United States, including risk from changes in foreign country regulations, infrastructure, legal systems and markets. Other risks include possible difficulty in repatriating overseas earnings and fluctuations in foreign currencies. Our overall success in international markets will depend, in part, on our ability to succeed in different legal, regulatory, economic, social and political conditions. We may not be successful in developing and implementing policies and strategies that will be effective in managing these risks in each country where we decide to do business. Our failure to manage these risks successfully could harm any future international projects, reduce our international income or increase our costs, thus adversely affecting our business, financial condition and operating results. Risks Relating to Regulation We cannot predict the unintended consequences and market distortions that may stem from far-ranging governmental intervention in the economic and financial system or from regulatory reform of the oversight of financial markets. The U.S. federal government, the Federal Reserve Board of Governors, the U.S. Treasury, the SEC, U.S. Congress and other governmental and regulatory bodies have taken, are taking or may in the future take, various actions to address inflation, financial crises, real or perceived trade imbalances, or other areas of regulatory concern. Such actions could have a dramatic impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition, and the cost of complying with any additional laws and regulations or the elimination or reduction in scope of various existing laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Government intervention in the economic and financial system, such as new or increased tariffs, may carry unintended consequences and cause market distortions. We are unable to predict at this time the extent and nature of such unintended consequences and market distortions, if any. Loss of our 1940 Act exemptions may adversely affect us, the market price of shares of our common stock and our ability to distribute dividends. We conduct our operations so that we are not required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is or holds itself out as being engaged primarily in the business of investing, reinvesting or trading in securities. Section 3(a)(1)(C) of the 1940 Act defines an investment company as any issuer that is engaged or proposes to engage in the business of investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading in securities and owns or proposes to acquire investment securities having a value exceeding 40% of the value of the issuer’s total assets (exclusive of U.S. Government securities and cash items) on a non-consolidated basis, which we refer to as the 40% test. Excluded from the term “investment securities,” among other things, are U.S. Government securities and securities issued by majority-owned subsidiaries that are not themselves investment companies and are not relying on the exemption from the definition of investment company set forth in Section 3(c)(1) or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. We conduct our businesses primarily through our subsidiaries and our operations so that we comply with the 40% test. The securities issued by any wholly-owned or majority-owned subsidiaries that we hold or may form in the future that are exempted from the definition of “investment company” based on Section 3(c)(1) or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act, together with any - 29 - other investment securities we may own, may not have a value in excess of 40% of the value of our total assets on a non-consolidated basis. Certain of our subsidiaries rely on or will rely on an exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act pursuant to Section 3(c)(5)(C) of the 1940 Act, which is available for entities which are not primarily engaged in issuing redeemable securities, face-amount certificates of the installment type or periodic payment plan certificates and which are primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring mortgages and other liens on and interests in real estate. This exemption generally requires that at least 55% of such subsidiaries’ portfolios must be comprised of qualifying assets and at least 80% of each of their portfolios must be comprised of qualifying assets and real estate-related assets under the 1940 Act. Consistent with guidance published by the SEC staff, we intend to treat as qualifying assets for this purpose loans secured by projects for which the original principal amount of the loan did not exceed 100% of the value of the underlying real property portion of the collateral when the loan was made. We intend to treat as real estate-related assets non-controlling equity interests in joint ventures that own projects whose assets are primarily real property. In general, with regard to our subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(C), we rely on other guidance published by the SEC or its staff or on our analyses of guidance published with respect to other types of assets to determine which assets are qualifying real estate assets and real estate-related assets. In addition, one or more of our subsidiaries qualifies for an exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act pursuant to either Section 3(c)(5)(A) of the 1940 Act, which is available for entities which are not engaged in the business of issuing redeemable securities, face-amount certificates of the installment type or periodic payment plan certificates, and which are primarily engaged in the business of purchasing or otherwise acquiring notes, drafts, acceptances, open accounts receivable, and other obligations representing part or all of the sales price of merchandise, insurance, and services, or Section 3(c)(5)(B) of the 1940 Act, which is available for entities primarily engaged in the business of making loans to manufacturers, wholesalers, and retailers of, and to prospective purchasers of, specified merchandise, insurance, and services. These exemptions generally require that at least 55% of such subsidiaries’ portfolios must be comprised of qualifying assets that meet the requirements of the exemption. We intend to treat energy efficiency loans where the loan proceeds are specifically provided to finance equipment, services and structural improvements to properties and other facilities and renewable energy and other climate solutions projects or improvements as qualifying assets for purposes of these exemptions. In general, we also expect, with regard to our subsidiaries relying on Section 3(c)(5)(A) or (B), to rely on guidance published by the SEC or its staff, including reliance on a no-action letter obtained in connection with Sections 3(c)(5)(A) and 3(c)(5)(B) of the 1940 Act, or on our analyses of guidance published with respect to other types of assets to determine which assets are qualifying assets under the exemptions. Although we monitor the portfolios of our subsidiaries relying on the Section 3(c)(5)(A), (B) or (C) exemptions periodically and prior to each acquisition, there can be no assurance that such subsidiaries will be able to maintain their exemptions. Qualification for exemptions from registration under the 1940 Act will limit our ability to make certain investments. For example, these restrictions will limit the ability of these subsidiaries to make loans that are not secured by real property or that do not represent part or all of the sales price of merchandise, insurance, and services. There can be no assurance that the laws and regulations governing the 1940 Act, including the Division of Investment Management of the SEC providing more specific or different guidance regarding these exemptions, will not change in a manner that adversely affects our operations. Any additional guidance from the SEC or its staff could provide additional flexibility to us, or it could further inhibit our ability to pursue the strategies we have chosen. If we or our subsidiaries fail to maintain an exemption from the 1940 Act, we could, among other things, be required either to (1) change the manner in which we conduct our operations to avoid being required to register as an investment company, (2) effect sales of our assets in a manner that, or at a time when, we would not otherwise choose to do so or (3) register as an investment company, any of which could negatively affect our business, our ability to make distributions, our financing strategy and the market price for shares of our common stock. We have not requested the SEC or its staff to approve our treatment of any company as a majority-owned subsidiary and neither the SEC nor its staff has done so. If the SEC or its staff were to disagree with our treatment of one or more companies as majority-owned subsidiaries, we would need to adjust our strategy and our assets in order to continue to pass the 40% test. Any such adjustment in our strategy could have a material adverse effect on us. Rapid changes in the values of our assets may make it more difficult for us to maintain our exemption from the 1940 Act. If the market value or income potential of our assets changes as a result of changes in interest rates, general market conditions, government actions or other factors, we may need to adjust the portfolio mix of our real estate assets and income or liquidate our non-qualifying assets to maintain our exemption from the 1940 Act. If changes in asset values or income occur quickly, this may be especially difficult to accomplish. This difficulty may be exacerbated by the illiquid nature of certain of the assets we own. We may have to make decisions that we otherwise would not make absent 1940 Act considerations. Risks Related to our Borrowings and Hedging - 30 - We use financial leverage in executing our business strategy, which may adversely affect the returns on our assets and may reduce cash available for distribution to our stockholders, as well as increase losses when economic conditions are unfavorable. We use debt to finance our assets, including credit facilities, recourse and non-recourse debt, securitizations, and syndications. Changes in the financial markets and the economy generally could adversely affect one or more of our lenders or potential lenders and could cause one or more of our lenders, potential lenders or institutional investors to be unwilling or unable to provide us with financing or participate in securitizations or could increase the costs of that financing or securitization. Some of our borrowings will have a remaining balance when they come due and if we are unable to repay or refinance the remaining balance of such debt, or if the terms of any available refinancing are not favorable, we may be forced to liquidate assets or incur higher costs which may significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and our ability to make distributions, which could in turn cause the value of our common stock to decline. The return on our assets and cash available for distribution to our stockholders may be reduced to the extent that market conditions prevent us from leveraging our assets or increase the cost of our financing relative to the income that can be derived from the assets acquired. Increases in our financing costs will reduce cash available for distributions to stockholders. We may not be able to meet our financing obligations and, to the extent that we cannot, we risk the loss of some or all of our assets to liquidation or sale to satisfy the obligations. We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantially more indebtedness, which may increase the risks to our financial condition and results of operations created by our indebtedness. We and our subsidiaries may be able to incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, which may increase the risks created by our current indebtedness. The terms of the agreements governing our indebtedness provide our subsidiaries with the flexibility to incur a substantial amount of indebtedness in the future, which indebtedness may be secured or unsecured. An increase in our borrowing costs relative to the interest we receive on our assets may adversely affect our profitability and our cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Our borrowings may have a shorter duration than our assets. Our credit facilities have rates that adjust on a frequent basis based on prevailing short-term interest rates. Increases in interest rates, or a flattening or inversion of the yield curve, reduce the spread between the returns on our assets which are typically priced using longer-term interest rates and the cost of any new borrowings or borrowings where the interest rate adjusts to market rates or is based on shorter-term rates. Any such change in interest rates may adversely affect our earnings and, in turn, cash available for distribution to our stockholders. In addition, as we may use short-term borrowings that are generally short-term commitments of capital, lenders may respond to market conditions making it more difficult for us to obtain continued financing. If we are not able to renew our then existing facilities or arrange for new financing on terms acceptable to us, or if we default on our covenants or are otherwise unable to access funds under any of these facilities, we may have to curtail entering into new transactions and/or dispose of assets. We will face these risks given that a number of our borrowings have a shorter duration than the assets they finance. While we have an established Board-approved leverage limit, our Board may change our leverage limits without stockholder approval. We are not restricted by any regulatory requirements to maintain our leverage ratio at or below any particular level. The amount of leverage we may deploy for particular assets will depend upon the availability of particular types of financing and our assessment of the credit, liquidity, price volatility and other risks of those assets and the credit quality of our financing counterparties. We have established leverage limits which are discussed in Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources. However, our charter and bylaws do not limit the amount or type of indebtedness we can incur, and our Board has changed, and has the discretion to deviate from or change at any time in the future, our leverage policy, which could result in our business having a different risk profile. We utilize non-recourse facilities on certain types of assets that have significantly higher leverage. On these facilities, the lenders’ primary recourse is to the pledged assets. If the value of the pledged assets is below the value of the debt or if we default on a facility, the lender would be able to foreclose on all the pledged assets, which would result in losses and reduce our assets and the cash available for distributions to stockholders. We may apply too much leverage to our assets or may employ an inefficient financing strategy to our assets. The use of securitizations and special purpose entities exposes us to additional risks. We typically retain the residual value associated with a securitization. We have also established special purpose entities through which we hold only a partial or subordinate interest or a residual value after taking into account our non-recourse debt facilities or a right to participate in the profits of such entity once it achieves a predefined threshold. As a holder of the residual value or other such interests, we are more exposed to losses on the underlying collateral because the interest we retain in the securitization vehicle or other entity would be subordinate to the more senior notes or interests issued to investors and we - 31 - would, therefore, absorb all of the losses, up to the value of our interests, sustained with respect to the underlying assets before the owners of the notes or other interests experience any losses. In addition, the inability to securitize our Portfolio or assets within our Portfolio could adversely affect our performance and our ability to grow our business. We also use various special purpose entities to own and finance our assets. These subsidiaries incur various types of debt, that can be used to finance one or more of our assets. This debt is typically structured as non-recourse debt, which means it is repayable solely from the revenue from the investment financed by the debt and is secured by the related physical assets, major contracts, cash accounts and in some cases, a pledge of our ownership interests in the subsidiaries involved in the projects. Although this subsidiary debt is typically non-recourse to us, we make certain representations and warranties or enter into certain guaranties of our subsidiary’s obligations or covenants to the non-recourse debt holder, the breach of which may require us to make payments to the lender. We may also from time to time determine to provide financial support to the subsidiary in order to maintain rights to the project or otherwise avoid the adverse consequences of a default. In the event a subsidiary defaults on its indebtedness, its creditors may foreclose on the collateral securing the indebtedness, which may result in us losing our ownership interest in some or all of the subsidiary’s assets. The loss of our ownership interest in a subsidiary or some or all of a subsidiary’s assets could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. Certain of our existing credit facilities and debt contain, and any future financing facilities may contain, covenants that restrict our operations and may inhibit our ability to grow our business and increase revenues. Certain of our existing credit facilities and debt contain, and any future financing facilities may contain, various affirmative and negative covenants, including maintenance of an interest coverage ratio and limitations on the incurrence of liens and indebtedness, investments, fundamental organizational changes, dispositions, changes in the nature of business, transactions with affiliates, use of proceeds and stock repurchases. In addition, the terms of our non-recourse debt include restrictions and covenants, including limitations on our ability to transfer or incur liens on the assets that secure the debt. For further information see “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources”. The covenants and restrictions included in our existing financings do, and the covenants and restrictions to be included in any future financings may, restrict our ability to, among other things: • incur or guarantee additional debt; • make certain investments, originations or acquisitions; • make distributions on or repurchase or redeem capital stock; • engage in mergers or consolidations; • reduce liquidity below certain levels; • grant liens; • have a tangible net worth below a defined threshold; • incur operating losses for more than a specified period; and • enter into transactions with affiliates. Our non-recourse debt limits our ability to take action with regard to the assets pledged as security for the debt. These restrictions, as well as any other covenants contained in any future financings, may interfere with our ability to obtain financing, or to engage in other business activities, which may significantly limit or harm our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. Certain financing agreements also contain cross-default provisions, such that if a default occurs under any one agreement, the lenders under certain other agreements could also declare a default. A default and resulting repayment acceleration could significantly reduce our liquidity, which could require us to sell assets to repay amounts due and outstanding. This could also significantly harm our business, financial condition, results of operations, and our ability to make distributions, which could cause the value of our common stock to decline. A default would also significantly limit our financing alternatives such that we would be unable to pursue our leverage strategy, which could curtail the returns on our assets. In addition, certain of our financing agreements contain provisions that provide for a preference in cash flow allocations to the lender from our assets or an acceleration of principal payments owed when certain conditions are present related to the underlying assets that serve as collateral for the financing. These provisions may limit our ability to obtain distributions from the underlying assets and could impact our cash flow and expected returns. We have issued senior unsecured notes that require us to maintain a certain amount of unencumbered assets as a part of our Portfolio. These provisions may limit our ability to leverage certain assets and limit our overall debt levels. - 32 - We, or the projects in which we invest, enter into hedging transactions that could expose us to contingent liabilities or additional credit risk in the future and adversely impact our financial condition. Part of our strategy, or the strategy of the projects in which we invest, involves entering into hedging transactions that could require us to fund cash payments in certain circumstances (e.g . , the early termination of the hedging instrument caused by an event of default or other early termination event, or the decision by a counterparty to request margin it is contractually owed under the terms of the hedging instrument). The amount due would be equal to the unrealized loss of the open swap positions with the respective counterparty and could also include other fees and charges. These economic losses will be reflected in our, or the project’s, financial statements, and our, or the project’s, ability to fund these obligations will depend on the liquidity of our, or the project’s, assets and access to capital at the time, and the need to fund these obligations could adversely impact our financial condition. Even though most swaps are cleared through a central counterparty clearinghouse, certain transactions could be executed bilaterally with a counterparty. While we have the ability to require counterparties to post, to the extent we have not obtained sufficient collateral, we would remain exposed to our counterparty’s ability to perform on its obligations under each hedge and cannot look to the creditworthiness of a central counterparty for performance. As a result, if a hedging counterparty cannot perform under the terms of the hedge, we would not receive payments due under that hedge, we may lose any unrealized gain associated with the hedge and the hedged liability would cease to be hedged. While we would seek to terminate the relevant hedge transaction and may have a claim against the defaulting counterparty for any losses, including unrealized gains, there is no assurance that we would be able to recover such amounts or replace the relevant hedge on economically viable terms or at all. In such case, we could be forced to cover our unhedged liabilities at the then current market price. We may also be at risk for any collateral we have pledged to secure our obligations under the hedge if the counterparty becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy. Furthermore, our interest rate swaps and other hedge transactions are subject to increasing statutory and other regulatory requirements and, depending on the identity of the counterparty, applicable international requirements. Recently, new regulations have been promulgated by U.S. and foreign regulators to strengthen the oversight of swaps, and any further actions taken by such regulators could constrain our strategy or increase our costs, either of which could materially and adversely impact our results of operations. Moreover, the projects in which we invest may enter into various forms of hedging including interest rate and power price hedging. To the extent they enter into such hedges, the financial results of the project will be exposed to similar risks as described above which could adversely impact our results of operations. Further, the hedges entered into by us or the projects in which we invest may not be effective which could adversely impact our economics. If we, or our projects, choose not to pursue, or fail to qualify for, hedge accounting treatment, our operating results under GAAP may be impacted because losses on the derivatives that we enter into may not be offset by a change in the fair value of the related hedged transaction. We or our projects may choose not to pursue, or fail to qualify for, hedge accounting treatment relating to derivative and hedging transactions for a number of reasons, including if we or our projects (1) use instruments that do not meet the Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 815 definition of a derivative, (2) fail to satisfy ASC Topic 815 hedge documentation and hedge effectiveness assessment requirements or (3) the hedge relationship is not highly effective. If we or our projects fail to qualify for, or choose not to pursue, hedge accounting treatment, our, or our projects, operating results may be negatively impacted because losses on the derivatives that we or our projects enter into may not be offset by a change in the fair value of the related hedged transaction in our statement of operations presented under GAAP. Risks Related to Our Common Stock An active trading market for our common stock may not continue, which could cause our common stock to trade at a discount and make it difficult for holders of our common stock to sell their shares. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”). However, an active trading market for our common stock may not continue, which could cause our common stock to trade at a discount to historical prices. Some of the factors that have or in the future could negatively affect the market price of our common stock include: • our actual or projected operating results, financial condition, cash flows and liquidity or changes in business strategy or prospects; • changes in the mix of our investment products and services, including the level of securitizations or fee income in any quarter; • actual or perceived conflicts of interest with individuals, including our executives; • our ability to arrange financing for projects; - 33 - • equity issuances by us, or share resales by our stockholders, or the perception that such issuances or resales may occur; • seasonality in construction and demand for our investments; • actual or anticipated accounting problems; • publication of research reports about us or the climate solutions industry; • changes in market valuations of similar companies; • adverse market reaction to any increased indebtedness we may incur in the future; • commodity price changes; • interest rate changes; • additions to or departures of our key personnel; • speculation or negative publicity in the press or investment community; • our failure to meet, or the lowering of, our earnings estimates or those of any securities analysts; • increases in market interest rates, which may lead investors to demand a higher distribution yield for our common stock, and would result in increased interest expenses on certain of our debt; • changes in governmental policies, regulations or laws; • failure to maintain our exemption from registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act; • price and volume fluctuations in the stock market generally; and • general market and economic conditions, including the current state of the credit and capital markets. Market factors unrelated to our performance also have, and could in the future, negatively impact the market price of our common stock. One of the factors that investors may consider in deciding whether to buy or sell our common stock is our distribution rate as a percentage of our stock price relative to market interest rates. If market interest rates increase, prospective investors may demand a higher distribution rate or seek alternative investments paying higher dividends or interest. As a result, interest rate fluctuations and conditions in capital markets have, or in the future could, affect the market value of our common stock. Common stock and preferred stock eligible for future sale may have adverse effects on our share price. Subject to applicable law, our Board, without stockholder approval, may authorize us to issue additional authorized and unissued shares of common stock and preferred stock on the terms and for the consideration it deems appropriate. We cannot predict the effect, if any, of future sales of our common stock or the availability of shares for future sales, on the market price of our common stock. Sales of substantial amounts of common stock or the perception that such sales could occur may adversely affect the prevailing market price for our common stock. We cannot guarantee the timing, amount, or payment of dividends on our common stock. As a REIT, we were generally required, among other things, to distribute annually at least 90% of our REIT taxable income (without regard to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding net capital gains) each year for us to have qualified as, and to have maintained our qualification as a REIT. Effective January 1, 2024, we revoked our REIT election and since then we have been taxed as a C corporation. As a result, we are no longer subject to the REIT distribution requirement. While our current policy is to pay quarterly distributions, the timing, declaration, amount and payment of any dividends is within the discretion of our Board, and will depend upon various factors, including our earnings, financial condition, liquidity, debt covenants, applicable provisions of Delaware law and other factors as our Board may deem relevant from time to time. Moreover, no assurance can be given that we will be able to make distributions to our stockholders at any time in the future or that the level of any such distributions will achieve a market yield or increase or even be maintained over time, any of which could materially and adversely affect us. - 34 - Future offerings of debt or equity securities, which may rank senior to our common stock, may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Our present debt ranks, and any future debt would rank, senior to our common stock. Such debt is, and likely will be, governed by a loan agreement, an indenture, or other instrument containing covenants restricting our operating flexibility. Additionally, our convertible securities, and any equity securities or convertible or exchangeable securities that we issue in the future may have rights, preferences and privileges more favorable than those of our common stock and may result in dilution to owners of our common stock. We and, indirectly, our stockholders will bear the cost of issuing and servicing such debt or securities. Because our decision to issue debt or equity securities in any future offering will depend on market conditions and other factors beyond our control, we cannot predict or estimate the amount, timing, or nature of our future offerings. Thus, holders of our common stock will bear the risk of our future offerings reducing the market price of our common stock and diluting the value of their stock holdings in us. Item 1B.    Unresolved Staff Comments. None. Item 1C.    Cybersecurity. Risk management and strategy We have implemented and maintain various information security processes at each of our remote and office locations designed to identify, assess and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats to our critical computer networks, third-party hosted services, communications systems, hardware and software, and our critical data, including intellectual property and confidential information that is proprietary, strategic or competitive in nature (“Information Systems and Data”). Our Head of Technology Infrastructure & Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”) helps identify, assess and manage our cybersecurity threats and risks. Collaborating with their team, they are responsible for steering the Company-wide cybersecurity strategy, policy, standards, architecture, and processes. They also identify and assess risks from cybersecurity threats by monitoring and evaluating our threat environment and our risk profile using various methods. The Company’s information security program, led by our CISO , collaborates with various departments within the organization, such as information technology, legal, enterprise risk management, human resources, accounting, finance, and internal audit, as well as external third-party partners. This collaboration aims to identify, mitigate, and plan for potential cybersecurity threats comprehensively. Additionally, the Company consistently evaluates and enhances its processes, procedures, and management approaches in response to evolving cybersecurity landscapes. Depending on the environment, we implement and maintain various technical, physical, and organizational measures, processes, standards and policies designed to manage and mitigate material risks from cybersecurity threats to our Information Systems and Data. These include incident management, change management, network segmentation, cyber protection and containment, detection and response, and recovery. We measure our programs against the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cyber Security Framework and regularly test our controls and incident response plans. Our assessment and management of material risks from cybersecurity threats are integrated into our overall risk management processes. For example, (1) cybersecurity risk is addressed as a component of our enterprise risk management program; (2) the information security function works with our leadership team to prioritize our risk management processes and mitigate cybersecurity threats that are more likely to lead to a material impact to our business; and (3) our CISO evaluates material risks from cybersecurity threats against our overall business objectives and reports to the Finance and Risk Committee of our Board (the “Finance and Risk Committee”), which evaluates our overall enterprise risk. We use third-party service providers to assist us from time to time to identify, assess, and manage material risks from cybersecurity threats, as well as to perform a variety of other functions throughout our business. We have enlisted the services of a third-party managed detection and response firm to conduct continuous monitoring of our information systems, including intrusion detection and alerting. We also regularly engage with assessors, consultants, auditors, and other third parties to review our cybersecurity program to help identify areas for continued focus, improvement, and compliance. For a description of the risks from cybersecurity threats that may materially affect us and how they may do so, see our

