TICKER: HCC
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain and distribution channels impacting both our vendors and customers.  As a result, we could face increased costs, decreased sales, or both.  If our production capacity or our ability to meet our supply needs is affected, our business and our financial results could be materially and adversely affected. Adverse changes in the general domestic and global economic conditions and disrupted domestic and international credit markets, could negatively affect our customers’ ability to pay us as well as their ability to access capital which could negatively affect their liquidity. Despite our efforts to manage these potential impacts, the ultimate impact would also depend on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of the pandemic or widespread illness as well as third-party actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate its public health effects. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Deterioration in global economic conditions as they relate to the steelmaking industry, as well as generally unfavorable global economic, financial and business conditions, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. Demand for steelmaking coal depends on domestic and foreign steel demand. As a result, if economic conditions in the global steelmaking industry deteriorate as they have in past years, the demand for steelmaking coal may decrease. In addition, the global financial markets have been experiencing volatility and disruption over the last several years. These markets have experienced, among other things, volatility in security prices, commodities and currencies, diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating downgrades and declining valuations of certain investments. Weaknesses in global economic conditions have had an adverse effect and could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our steelmaking coal and, in turn, on our sales, pricing and profitability. In addition, future governmental policy changes in foreign countries may be detrimental to the global coal market. For example, the Chinese government has from time to time implemented regulations and promulgated new laws or restrictions, such as the unofficial ban on Australian coal in November 2020, on their domestic coal industry, sometimes with little advance notice, which has impacted worldwide coal demand, supply and prices.  The ban on Australian coal has significantly impacted the global steelmaking coal market in recent years.  This unofficial ban was lifted in January 2023. During the past several years, the Chinese government has initiated a number of anti-smog measures aimed at reducing hazardous air emissions through temporary production capacity restrictions with the steel, coal and coal-fired power sectors. It is possible that policy changes from foreign countries may be detrimental to the global coal markets and, thus, impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, we face risks related to ongoing wars, including the Russia-Ukraine war that began in February 2022 and the Israel-Hamas war that began in October 2023, as well as trade disruptions related to the conflicts in the Persian Gulf, the Red Sea and Venezuela.  The extent and duration of the military conflicts, resulting sanctions and other trade measures, and future market or supply disruptions in these and other regions, are impossible to predict, but could be significant and may 28 have a severe adverse effect on the region.  Globally, various governments, such as the European Union, have banned imports from Russia including commodities such as natural gas and coal.  These events significantly impacted coking coal markets by disrupting previously existing trading patterns and may lead to further volatility in the price of certain commodities, including steelmaking coal. The resulting volatility, including market expectations of potential changes in coal prices and inflationary pressures on steel products, including as a result of tariffs and other trade measures imposed on steel, may significantly affect prices for our coal or the cost of supplies and equipment. The wars, sanctions and other trade measures, as well as any escalation of the conflicts and future developments, could significantly affect coking coal prices and the demand for our coal.  This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, along with our operating costs, making it difficult to execute our planned capital expenditure program or complete the remaining development and ramp-up of Blue Creek.  Additionally, the geopolitical and macroeconomic consequences of the wars and associated sanctions and other trade measures cannot be predicted, but could severely impact the world economy.  If any of these events occur, the resulting political instability and societal disruption could reduce overall demand for our coal, causing a reduction in our revenues or an increase in our costs, which would materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If steelmaking coal prices drop to or below levels experienced in 2015 and the first half of 2016 for a prolonged period or if there are further downturns in economic conditions, particularly in developing countries such as India, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. While we are focused on cost control and operational efficiencies, there can be no assurance that these actions, or any others we may take, will be sufficient in response to challenging economic and financial conditions. In addition, the current level of steelmaking coal prices may not be sustainable. Our business is subject to the risk of increases or fluctuations in the cost, including increases due to inflation, and delay in the delivery, of raw materials, mining equipment and purchased components that could increase our operating costs or delay our production. Met coal mining consumes large quantities of commodities including steel, copper, rubber products, diesel and other liquid fuels, and requires the use of capital equipment. Some commodities, such as steel, are needed to comply with roof control plans required by regulation. The cost of roof bolts we use in our mining operations depends on the price of scrap steel. The prices we pay for commodities and capital equipment are strongly impacted by the global market. A rapid or significant increase in the costs of commodities or capital equipment we use in our operations could impact our mining operations costs because we may have a limited ability to negotiate lower prices and, in some cases, may not have a ready substitute. Inflation rates in the U.S. recently increased to levels not seen in several years, and were even higher in the mining sector, which may result in decreased demand for our products, increases in our operating costs, constrained credit and liquidity, reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets.  Future increases in costs for supplies that are used directly or indirectly in the normal course of our business and increases in other operating costs, such as increases in steel prices, freight rates, labor and other materials and supplies may negatively impact our profitability. Tariffs (including retaliatory tariffs) could also increase the cost of equipment as well as the parts and components to service our equipment. Our efforts to recover inflation-based or tariff-based cost increases from suppliers or customers may be hampered as a result of the structure of our contracts and the contract bidding process as well as competitive pressure in the industry, economic conditions and the countries to which we sell our coal.  Accordingly, substantial inflation may have an adverse impact on our business, including the remaining development and ramp-up of Blue Creek, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  Inflation has also resulted in higher interest rates in the U.S., which could increase our cost of debt borrowing in the future. 29 We use equipment in our steelmaking coal mining and transportation operations such as continuous mining units, conveyors, shuttle cars, rail cars, locomotives, roof bolters, shearers and shields. Some equipment and materials are needed to comply with regulations, such as proximity detection devices on continuous mining machines. We procure some of this equipment from a concentrated group of suppliers, and obtaining this equipment often involves long lead times.  Occasionally, demand for such equipment by mining companies can be high and some types of equipment may be in short supply. Delays in receiving or shortages of this equipment, as well as the raw materials used in the manufacturing of supplies and mining equipment, which, in some cases, do not have ready substitutes, or the cancellation of our supply contracts under which we obtain equipment and other consumables, could limit our ability to obtain these supplies or equipment. In addition, there continues to be consolidation in the supplier base providing mining materials and equipment, which has resulted in a limited number of suppliers for certain types of equipment and supplies.  If any of our suppliers experiences an adverse event, decides to cease producing products used by the mining industry, or decides to no longer do business with us, we may be unable to obtain sufficient equipment and raw materials in a timely manner or at a reasonable price to allow us to meet our production goals and our revenues may be materially adversely impacted. We use considerable quantities of steel in the mining process. If the price of steel or other materials increases substantially or if the value of the U.S. dollar declines relative to foreign currencies with respect to certain imported supplies or other products, our operating expenses could increase. Any of the foregoing events could materially and adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We typically sell our steelmaking coal under fixed supply contracts primarily with indexed pricing terms that vary and volume terms of one to three years and are therefore exposed to commodity price risk on our sales. Sales commitments in the steelmaking coal market are typically not long-term in nature and are generally no longer than one to three years in duration. Globally the market has evolved to shorter term pricing. Many of our steelmaking coal supply agreements are priced on the basis of a variety of indices. As a result, our sales are subject to fluctuations in market pricing and we are not protected from oversupply or market conditions where we cannot sell our coal at economic prices. To limit this exposure, to the extent we are able, we have incorporated, and will continue to incorporate, economic hardship clauses in our sales contracts. However, there can be no assurances that we will be able to mitigate such conditions as they arise. Met coal has been an extremely volatile commodity over the past ten years and prices may become volatile again in the future.  Any sustained failure to be able to market our coal during such periods would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay dividends to our stockholders. The failure of our customers to honor or renew contracts could adversely affect our business. A significant portion of the sales of our steelmaking coal is to customers with whom we have had a relationship for a long period of time. Typically, our customer contracts are for terms of one to three years or are evergreen with respect to contracted volumes. The success of our business depends on our ability to retain our current customers, renew our existing customer contracts and solicit new customers. Our ability to do so generally depends on a variety of factors, including the quality and price of our products, our ability to market these products effectively, our ability to deliver on a timely basis and the level of competition that we face. If our customers do not honor contract commitments, or if they terminate agreements or exercise force majeure provisions allowing for the temporary suspension of performance during specified events beyond the parties’ control, and we are unable to replace the contract, our revenues will be materially and adversely affected. Changes in the steelmaking coal industry may cause some of our customers not to renew, extend or enter into new steelmaking coal supply agreements or to enter into agreements to purchase fewer metric tons of steelmaking coal or on different terms than in the past. 30 Our ability to collect payments from our customers could be impaired and, as a result, our financial position could be materially and adversely affected if their creditworthiness deteriorates, if they declare bankruptcy, or if they fail to honor their contracts with us. Our ability to receive payment for steelmaking coal sold and delivered depends on the continued creditworthiness and financial stability of our customers. If we determine that a customer is not creditworthy or if a customer declares bankruptcy, we may not be required to deliver steelmaking coal sold under the customer’s sales contract. If this occurs, we may decide to sell the customer’s steelmaking coal on the spot market, which may be at prices lower than the contracted price, or we may be unable to sell the steelmaking coal at all. In addition, if customers refuse to accept shipments of our steelmaking coal for which they have an existing contractual obligation, our revenues will decrease and we may have to reduce production at our mines until our customers’ contractual obligations are honored. Further, competition with other steelmaking coal suppliers could cause us to extend credit to customers on terms that could increase the risk of payment default. Furthermore, our metallurgical customers operate in a highly competitive and cyclical industry where their creditworthiness could deteriorate rapidly. Our inability to collect payment from counterparties to our sales contracts may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A significant reduction of, or loss of, purchases by our largest customers could materially adversely affect our profitability. For the year ended December 31, 2025, we derived approximately 56% of our total sales revenues from our five largest customers. There are inherent risks whenever a significant percentage of total revenues are concentrated with a limited number of customers, and it is not possible for us to predict the future level of demand for our steelmaking coal that will be generated by our largest customers. We expect to renew, extend or enter into new supply agreements with these and other customers; however, we may be unsuccessful in obtaining such agreements with these customers and these customers may discontinue purchasing steelmaking coal from us, reduce the quantity of steelmaking coal that they have historically purchased from us or pressure us to reduce the prices that we charge for our steelmaking coal due to market, economic or competitive conditions. If any of our major customers were to significantly reduce the quantities of steelmaking coal they purchase from us and we are unable to replace these customers with new customers (or we fail to obtain new, additional customers), or if we are otherwise unable to sell steelmaking coal to those customers on terms as favorable to us as the terms under our current agreements, our profitability could suffer significantly. If we fail to implement our business strategies successfully, our financial performance could be harmed. Our future financial performance and success are dependent in large part upon our ability to successfully implement our business strategies. We may not be able to implement our business strategies successfully or achieve the anticipated benefits. If we are unable to do so, our long-term growth, profitability and ability to service any debt we incur in the future may be materially adversely affected. Even if we are able to implement some or all of the key elements of our business plan successfully, our operating results may not improve to the extent we anticipate, or at all. Implementation of our business strategies, including the remaining development and ramp-up of Blue Creek, could also be affected by a number of factors beyond our control, such as global economic conditions, steelmaking coal prices, domestic and foreign steel demand, inflation and environmental, health and safety laws and regulations. A key element of our business strategy involves increasing production at our existing mines and completing the remaining development and ramp-up of Blue Creek in a cost-efficient manner. As we expand our business activities, there will be additional demands on our financial, technical, operational and management resources. These aspects of our strategy are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including: • an inability to retain or hire experienced crews and other personnel and other labor relations matters; • a lack of customer demand for our mined steelmaking coal; 31 • an inability to secure necessary equipment, raw materials or engineering in a timely manner to successfully execute our expansion plans; • unanticipated delays that could limit or defer the production or expansion of our mining activities and jeopardize our long-term relationships with our existing customers and adversely affect our ability to obtain new customers for our mined steelmaking coal; and • a lack of available cash or access to sufficient debt or equity financing for investment in our expansion . We may be unsuccessful or experience delays or operational challenges in completing the remaining development and ramp-up of Blue Creek, which could significantly affect our operations and/or limit our long-term growth. We commenced longwall operations at Blue Creek in October 2025, eight months ahead of schedule. Although this represents a significant milestone in the development of Blue Creek, the completion of the remaining construction activities and the successful ramp‑up and operation of the longwall involve substantial risks. Our continued development and ongoing ramp‑up require additional capital expenditures that we may not recover. In addition, during the remaining construction, commissioning and early operating phases, we may encounter numerous financial, regulatory, operational, geological, environmental, political and legal uncertainties that are beyond our control and that may cause unforeseen delays or unexpected increases in costs. If the remaining development and ramp‑up activities do not proceed as planned, we may be unable to achieve expected production levels, costs, margins or returns within the anticipated timeframe—or at all—which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or cash flows. We spent approximately $240.3 million on the development of Blue Creek in 2025, $956.8 million on the project to date and expect to invest approximately $50.0 to $75.0 million in 2026 for the final construction of the Blue Creek mine. The continued development, commissioning, ramp-up and integration of Blue Creek involves numerous risks, including, but not limited to, the following: • uncertainties in the national and worldwide economy and the price of steelmaking coal; • our ability to obtain additional debt and/or equity financing to fund the remaining development, permitting, construction, ramp-up and mining activities on terms acceptable to us, or at all; • delays or challenges in integrating newly acquired federally owned mineral leases into the mine plan and obtaining associated approvals; • the diversion of management’s attention from our existing mining operations; • our ability to obtain favorable tax or other incentives; • potential opposition from non-governmental organizations, local groups, or local residents; • the fact that our development, construction, commissioning and ramp-up costs may be higher than our estimates and could increase our planned capital expenditure and liquidity requirements; • shortages of construction materials, equipment or critical spare parts, and delays in the delivery of such materials and equipment; • unanticipated equipment malfunctions or breakdowns, including longwall equipment, ventilation systems and other critical infrastructure; 32 • delays associated with unexpected adverse geological conditions, geotechnical variability, methane conditions, roof control challenges, or weather-related impacts, as well as accidents and other factors beyond our control; • failure to obtain, or delays in obtaining, all necessary governmental and third-party rights-of-way, easements, permits, licenses and approvals; • local infrastructure conditions and other logistical challenges; including rail, port or workforce availability; • the possibility that we may have insufficient expertise to manage the commissioning and ramp-up phases profitably or without incurring undue operational risk; • the fact that the steelmaking coal reserves at Blue Creek may not be as economically recoverable as planned or may experience quality variability impacting market realizations; • difficulties in integrating Blue Creek with our existing operations, including workforce training, sequencing of longwall moves and coordination of logistics, and failure to achieve estimated economies of scale; and • our ability to hire and retain qualified construction, commissioning, operations and maintenance personnel. Because Blue Creek is in the early stages of ramp‑up, we are subject to additional risks specific to achieving stable, full‑capacity longwall operations, including lower‑than‑expected early production rates, lower recovery, higher unit costs during the ramp period, operational disruptions, ventilation or methane‑related constraints, equipment performance issues, and the timing and execution of planned longwall moves. Any of these factors could result in extended downtime, lower throughput, diminished yields, unplanned capital expenditures, reduced sales volumes, higher transportation or demurrage costs, or lower realized pricing, which could adversely affect our profitability and cash flows during the ramp‑up period. We cannot assure you that we will be able to overcome these risks or successfully complete the remaining development, commissioning and ramp-up of Blue Creek. If we are unable to complete, or are substantially delayed in completing, the ramp-up of Blue Creek, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and ability to pay dividends to our stockholders could be adversely affected. Furthermore, even if Blue Creek is fully developed, commissioned, and operating, we cannot assure you that it will operate at a profit sufficient to recover our total investment. In addition, once in full operation, Blue Creek will increase our exposure to the mining and operational risks discussed elsewhere in this Report, including risks associated with having our production concentrated in Alabama, mining  hazards and operating risks, transportation risks, liability risks and regulatory risks. See “-Risks Related to Our Business-All of our mining operations are located in Alabama, making us vulnerable to risks associated with having our production concentrated in one geographic area”, “-Steelmaking coal mining involves many hazards and operating risks, and is dependent upon many factors and conditions beyond our control, which may cause our profitability and financial position to decline”, “-If transportation for our steelmaking coal is disrupted, unavailable or more expensive for our customers, our ability to sell steelmaking coal could suffer”, “-Our business is subject to inherent risks, some for which we maintain third party insurance. We may incur losses and be subject to liability claims that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows” and “-Our mines are subject to stringent federal and state safety regulations that increase our cost of doing business at active operations and may place restrictions on our methods of operation. In addition, federal, state or local regulatory agencies have the authority to order certain of our mines to be temporarily or permanently closed under certain circumstances, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to meet our customers’ demands.” 33 We may be unsuccessful in integrating the operations of any future acquisitions, including acquisitions involving new lines of business, with our existing operations, and in realizing all or any part of the anticipated benefits of any such acquisitions. From time to time, we may evaluate and acquire assets and businesses that we believe complement our existing assets and business. The assets and businesses we acquire may be dissimilar from our existing lines of business. Acquisitions may require substantial capital or the incurrence of substantial indebtedness. Our capitalization and results of operations may change significantly as a result of future acquisitions. Acquisitions and business expansions involve numerous risks, including the following: • difficulties in the integration of the assets and operations of the acquired businesses; • inefficiencies and difficulties that arise because of unfamiliarity with new assets and the businesses associated with them and new geographic areas; • the possibility that we have insufficient expertise to engage in such activities profitably or without incurring inappropriate amounts of risk; and • the diversion of management’s attention from other operations. Further, unexpected costs and challenges may arise whenever businesses with different operations or management are combined, and we may experience unanticipated delays in realizing the benefits of an acquisition. Entry into certain lines of business may subject us to new laws and regulations with which we are not familiar and may lead to increased litigation and regulatory risk. Also, following an acquisition, we may discover previously unknown liabilities associated with the acquired business or assets for which we have no recourse under applicable indemnification provisions. If a new business generates insufficient revenue or if we are unable to efficiently manage our expanded operations, our results of operations may be adversely affected. If transportation for our steelmaking coal is disrupted, unavailable or more expensive for our customers, our ability to sell steelmaking coal could suffer. Transportation costs represent a significant portion of the total cost of steelmaking coal to be delivered to our customers and, as a result, the cost of delivery is a factor in a customer’s purchasing decision. Overall price increases in our transportation costs could make our steelmaking coal less competitive with the same or alternative products from competitors with lower transportation costs. We typically depend upon overland conveyor, trucks, rail or barges to transport our products. Disruption or delays of any of these transportation services due to weather-related problems, which are variable and unpredictable, strikes or lock-outs, accidents, infrastructure damage, governmental regulation, third-party actions, lack of capacity or other events beyond our control could impair our ability to supply our products to our customers and result in lost sales and reduced profitability. In addition, increases in transportation costs resulting from emission control requirements and fluctuations in the price of gasoline and diesel fuel, could make steelmaking coal produced in one region of the United States less competitive than steelmaking coal produced in other regions of the United States or abroad. All of our steelmaking coal mines are served by only one rail carrier, which increases our vulnerability to these risks, although our access to barge transportation partially mitigates that risk. In addition, the majority of the steelmaking coal produced by our underground mining operations is sold to steelmaking coal customers who typically arrange and pay for transportation from the state-run docks at the Port of Mobile in Alabama to the point of use. As a result, disruption at the docks, port congestion and delayed steelmaking coal shipments may result in demurrage fees to us. If this disruption were to persist over an extended period of time, demurrage costs could significantly impact our profits. In addition, there are limited cost-effective alternatives to the port. The cost of securing additional facilities and services of this nature could significantly increase transportation and other costs. An interruption of rail or port services could significantly limit our ability to operate and, to the extent that alternate sources of port and rail services are unavailable or not available on commercially reasonable terms, could 34 increase transportation and port costs significantly. Further, delays of ocean vessels could affect our revenues, costs and relative competitiveness compared to the supply of steelmaking coal and other products from our competitors. We are currently in the process of testing alternative outbound logistics routes in order to increase transportation and vessel shipping optionality, but we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to reduce our transportation risks. An increase in transportation costs, including increases resulting from emission control requirements and fluctuation in the price of diesel fuel, could have an adverse effect on our ability to increase or to maintain production on a profit-making basis and could therefore adversely affect our revenues and earnings.  Increases in transportation costs could also reduce overall demand for coal or make our coal production less competitive than coal produced from other sources or other regions. Our business may require substantial capital investment and maintenance expenditures, and we may not have access to the capital required to reach and sustain full productive capacity at our mines, including the ramp-up of Blue Creek. Maintaining and expanding mines and related infrastructure is capital intensive. Specifically, the exploration, permitting and development of steelmaking coal reserves, mining costs, the maintenance of machinery, facilities and equipment and compliance with applicable laws and regulations require ongoing capital expenditures. While a significant amount of the capital expenditures required at our mines has been spent, we must continue to invest capital to maintain our production. In addition, although longwall operations at Blue Creek commenced in October 2025, the mine continues to ramp-up toward full production, and we must continue to invest capital to complete remaining surface infrastructure, support commissioning activities, and achieve stable, full‑capacity longwall performance. The ramp‑up period may require higher capital and operating expenditures than expected, including capital for longwall equipment, ventilation systems, conveyor infrastructure, parts and maintenance, and potential modifications to mine plans or surface facilities. Any decision to increase production at our existing mines or the continued development and ramp‑up of Blue Creek could increase our capital needs or cause future capital expenditures to be higher than in the past and/or higher than our estimates. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our production levels or generate sufficient cash flow, or that we will have access to sufficient financing to continue our production, exploration, permitting and development activities at or above our present levels and on our current or projected timelines, and we may be required to defer all or a portion of our capital expenditures. Our results of operations, business and financial condition may be materially adversely affected if we cannot make such capital expenditures. To fund our capital expenditures, we will be required to use cash from our operations, incur debt or sell equity securities. Using cash from operations will reduce cash available for maintaining or increasing our operations activities. Our ability to obtain bank financing or our ability to access the capital markets for future equity or debt offerings, on the other hand, may be limited by our financial condition at the time of any such financing or offering and the covenants in our existing debt agreements, as well as by general economic conditions, contingencies and uncertainties that are beyond our control. If cash flow generated by our operations or available borrowings under our bank financing arrangements are insufficient to meet our capital requirements and we are unable to access the capital markets on acceptable terms or at all, we could be forced to curtail the expansion of our existing mines and the development of our properties, which, in turn, could lead to a decline in our production and could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 35 Work stoppages, such as the strike initiated by the UMWA in April 2021 that ended in February 2023, and other labor relations matters may harm our business. Union-represented labor creates an increased risk of work stoppages and higher labor costs. If we fail to maintain satisfactory labor relations, disputes with the unionized portion of our workforce could affect us adversely. Union-represented labor creates an increased risk of work stoppages and higher labor costs. As of December 31, 2025, 56.0% of our employees were represented by the UMWA. In connection with the acquisition of certain assets of Walter Energy, we negotiated the Collective Bargaining Agreement (“CBA”) with the UMWA, which was ratified by the UMWA’s members on February 16, 2016 and had a five-year term. The CBA contract with the UMWA expired on April 1, 2021, and the UMWA initiated a strike.  On February 16, 2023, the labor union representing certain of our hourly employees announced that they were ending the strike and made an unconditional offer to return to work. The return-to-work process for eligible employees who wished to return to work has been completed.  We continue to engage in good faith efforts with the labor union to reach an agreement on a new contract. Future work stoppages, labor union issues or labor disruptions at our mining operations, as well as at the operations of key customers or service providers, could impede our ability to produce and deliver our products, to receive critical equipment and supplies or to collect payment. This may increase our costs or impede our ability to operate one or more of our operations. We require a skilled workforce to run our business. If we cannot hire qualified people to meet replacement or expansion needs, we may not be able to achieve planned results. Efficient steelmaking coal mining using modern techniques and equipment requires skilled laborers with mining experience and proficiency as well as qualified managers and supervisors. The demand for skilled employees sometimes causes a significant constriction of the labor supply resulting in higher labor costs. When steelmaking coal producers compete for skilled miners, recruiting challenges can occur and employee turnover rates can increase, which negatively affect operating efficiency and costs. If a shortage of skilled workers exists and we are unable to train or retain the necessary number of miners, it could adversely affect our productivity, costs and ability to expand production. Significant competition, as well as changes in foreign markets or economies, could harm our sales, profitability and cash flows.  In addition, foreign currency fluctuations could adversely affect the competitiveness of our coal abroad. We compete with other producers primarily on the basis of price, steelmaking coal quality, transportation costs and reliability of delivery. The consolidation of the global steelmaking coal industry over the last several years has contributed to increased competition among steelmaking coal producers and we cannot assure you that the result of current or further consolidation will not adversely affect us. In addition, some of our global competitors have significantly greater financial resources and/or a broader portfolio of coals than we do. Further, potential changes to international trade agreements, trade concessions, foreign currency fluctuations or other political and economic arrangements may benefit steelmaking coal producers operating in countries other than the United States. We may be adversely impacted on the basis of price or other factors with companies that in the future may benefit from favorable foreign trade policies or other arrangements. In addition, increases in steelmaking coal prices could encourage existing producers to expand capacity or could encourage new producers to enter the market. Overcapacity and increased production within the steelmaking coal industry, both domestically and internationally, could materially reduce steelmaking coal demand and prices and therefore materially reduce our revenues and profitability. In addition, our ability to ship our steelmaking coal to international customers depends on port and transportation capacity. Increased competition within the domestic steelmaking coal industry for international sales could result in us not being able to obtain throughput capacity at port facilities, as well as transport capacity, could cause the rates for such services to increase to a point where it is not economically feasible to export our steelmaking coal. Additionally, as sales continue to grow in new markets, longer sales cycles and time to collection may produce swings in working capital from period to period. 36 The general economic conditions in foreign markets and changes in currency exchange rates are factors outside of our control that may affect international steelmaking coal prices. If our competitors’ currencies decline against the U.S. dollar or against our customers’ currencies, those competitors may be able to offer lower prices to our customers. Furthermore, if the currencies of our overseas customers were to significantly decline in value in comparison to the U.S. dollar, on which our sales contracts are based, those customers may seek decreased prices for the steelmaking coal that we sell to them. These factors, in addition to adversely affecting the competitiveness of our steelmaking coal in international markets, may also negatively impact our collection of trade receivables from our customers and could reduce our profitability or result in lower steelmaking coal sales. Our sales in foreign jurisdictions are subject to risks and uncertainties that may have a negative impact on our profitability. Substantially all of our steelmaking coal sales consist of sales to international customers and we expect that international sales will continue to account for a substantial portion of our revenue. A number of foreign countries in which we sell our steelmaking coal implicate additional risks and uncertainties due to the different economic, cultural and political environments. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: • longer sales-cycles and time to collection; • tariffs and international trade barriers and export license requirements, including any that might result from the current global trade uncertainties; • fewer or less certain legal protections for contract rights; • different and changing legal and regulatory requirements; • potential liability under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended and other applicable anti-corruption laws, as well as import and export controls, economic sanctions laws, customs laws, or comparable foreign regulations; • government currency controls; • fluctuations in foreign currency exchange and interest rates; and • political and economic instability, changes, hostilities and other disruptions, as well as changes in diplomatic and trade relationships. Negative developments in any of these factors in the foreign markets into which we sell our steelmaking coal could result in a reduction in demand for steelmaking coal, the cancellation or delay of orders already placed, difficulty in collecting receivables, higher costs of doing business and/or non-compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, each or any of which could materially adversely impact our cash flows, results of operations and profitability. New tariffs and other trade measures could adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. New and existing tariffs as well as other trade measures, including retaliatory measures, that may be implemented by the U.S. or other countries could result in reduced economic activity, increased costs in operating our business, reduced demand and/or changes in purchasing behaviors for steelmaking coal, disruptions in our supply chain, material changes in the pricing of steelmaking coal, limits on trade with the United States or other potentially adverse economic outcomes. While we have historically been successful at managing the impacts of trade barriers on our business, we cannot predict future developments, and such existing or future tariffs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 37 In addition, potential changes to international trade agreements, trade policies, trade concessions or other political and economic arrangements may benefit coal producers operating in countries other than the United States.  We may not be able to compete based on price or other factors with companies that, in the future, benefit from favorable foreign trade policies or other arrangements.  Additionally, changes in regulatory and trade policies in other countries may impact demand for downstream products. We may be subject to litigation, the disposition of which could negatively affect our profitability and cash flow in a particular period, or have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our profitability or cash flow in a particular period could be affected by an adverse ruling in any litigation that may be filed against us in the future. In addition, such litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. See “Part I, Item 3. Legal Proceedings.” Terrorist attacks and cyber-attacks or other security breaches may negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and cash flows. Our business is affected by general economic conditions, fluctuations in consumer confidence and spending, and market liquidity, all of which can decline as a result of numerous factors outside of our control, such as terrorist attacks and acts of war. Future terrorist attacks against U.S. targets, rumors or threats of war, actual conflicts involving the United States or its allies, or military or trade disruptions affecting our customers could cause delays or losses in transportation and deliveries of steelmaking coal to our customers, decreased sales of our steelmaking coal and extension of time for payment of accounts receivable from our customers. Strategic targets such as energy-related assets may be at greater risk of future terrorist attacks than other targets in the United States. It is possible that any, or a combination, of these occurrences could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we have become increasingly dependent upon digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, to operate our businesses, process and record financial and operating data, communicate with our employees and business partners, analyze seismic and drilling information, estimate quantities of steelmaking coal reserves, as well as other activities related to our businesses. We own and operate some of these systems and applications while others are owned and operated by our third-party service providers.  In the ordinary course of our business, we and our service providers collect, process, transmit and store data, such as proprietary business information and personally identifiable information. As our dependence on digital technologies has increased, our IT systems and those of third parties are vulnerable to malicious and intentional cyberattacks involving malware and viruses, accidental or inadvertent incidents, the exploitation of security vulnerabilities or “bugs” in software or hardware, among other scenarios.  Both the frequency and magnitude of cyberattacks is expected to increase and attackers are becoming more sophisticated, particularly given the increasing availability and sophistication of artificial intelligence systems.  Further, security vulnerabilities may be introduced in connection with the use of artificial intelligence by us, our customers or third-parties. A cyberattack may involve persons gaining unauthorized access to our digital systems for purposes of gathering, monitoring, releasing, misappropriating or corrupting proprietary or confidential information, or causing operational disruption. Unauthorized physical access to one of our facilities or electronic access to our information systems could result in, among other things, unfavorable publicity, litigation by affected parties, damage to sources of competitive advantage, disruptions to our operations, loss of customers, financial obligations for damages related to the theft or misuse of such information and costs to remediate such security vulnerabilities, any of which could have a substantial impact on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. As cyber incidents continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to cyber incidents. Additionally, we may be unable to anticipate, detect or prevent future attacks, particularly as the methodologies utilized by attackers change frequently or are not recognized until launched, and we may be unable to investigate or remediate incidents because attackers are increasingly using techniques and tools designed to circumvent controls, to avoid detection, and to remove or obfuscate forensic evidence. 38 To that end, we have implemented security protocols, controls, and systems with the intent of maintaining the physical and electronic security of our operations and protecting our and our counterparties’ confidential information and information related to identifiable individuals against unauthorized access. Despite such efforts, we have been and may be subject to security breaches, which have resulted and could result in unauthorized access to our facilities or the information that we are trying to protect. The Company maintains a cyber insurance policy. In the future, existing liquidity and cash flows may be insufficient to cover all losses that may be incurred in the continually evolving area of cyber risk. There can be no assurance that we will not be the target of a sophisticated attack in the future, which could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, or financial condition. Our executive officers and other key personnel are important to our success and the loss of one or more of these individuals could harm our business. Our executive officers and other key personnel have significant experience in the steelmaking coal or other commodity businesses and the loss of certain of these individuals could harm our business, absent the completion of an orderly transition. Moreover, there may be a limited number of persons with the requisite experience and skills to serve in our senior management positions. Although we have been successful in attracting qualified individuals for key management and corporate positions in the past, there can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in attracting and retaining a sufficient number of qualified personnel in the future or that we will be able to do so on acceptable terms. The loss of key management personnel could harm our ability to successfully manage our business functions, prevent us from executing our business strategy and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Risks Related to Our Industry Our business may suffer as a result of a substantial or extended decline in steelmaking coal pricing or the failure of any recovery or stabilization of steelmaking coal prices, as well as any substantial or extended decline in the demand for steelmaking coal and other factors beyond our control, which could negatively affect our operating results and cash flows. Our profitability depends on the prices at which we sell our steelmaking coal, which are largely dependent on prevailing market prices. A substantial or extended decrease in steelmaking coal pricing or the failure of a price recovery or stabilization following such decrease will negatively affect our operating cash flows. We have experienced significant price fluctuations in our steelmaking coal business, and we expect that such fluctuations will continue. Demand for, and therefore the price of, steelmaking coal is driven by a variety of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: • the domestic and foreign supply and demand for steelmaking coal; • the quantity and quality of steelmaking coal available from competitors; • the demand for and price of steel; • adverse weather, climatic and other natural conditions, including natural disasters; • domestic and foreign economic conditions, including slowdowns in domestic and foreign economies and financial markets; • global and regional political events, including the unknown geopolitical consequences of the wars between Ukraine and Russia and between Israel and Hamas, actions between the United States and Venezuela and other events of global unrest; 39 • domestic and foreign legislative, regulatory and judicial developments, environmental regulatory changes and changes in energy policy and energy conservation measures that could adversely affect the steelmaking coal industry, such as legislation further limiting carbon emissions; • changing tariff policies, including retaliatory tariffs; • widespread acceptance of carbon sequestration and proliferation of improved carbon sequestration technology; • capacity, reliability, availability and cost of transportation and port facilities, and the proximity of available steelmaking coal to such transportation and port facilities; • technological advancements, including those related to electric arc furnaces; and • other factors beyond our control, such as terrorism, war, and pandemics. The steelmaking coal industry also faces concerns with respect to oversupply from time to time, which could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, reductions in the demand for steelmaking coal caused by reduced steel production by our customers, increases in the use of substitutes for steel (such as aluminum, composites or plastics) or less expensive substitutes for steelmaking coal and the use of steelmaking technologies that use less or no steelmaking coal can significantly adversely affect our financial results and impede growth. Our natural gas business is also subject to adverse changes in pricing due to, among other factors, changes in demand and competition from alternative energy sources. Our customers are continually evaluating alternative steel production technologies which may reduce demand for our product. Our product is primarily used as HCC for blast furnace steel producers. High-quality HCC commands a significant price premium over other forms of coal because of its value in use in blast furnaces for steel production. High-quality HCC is a scarce commodity and has specific physical and chemical properties which are necessary for efficient blast furnace operation. Alternative technologies are continually being investigated and developed with a view to reducing production costs or for other reasons, such as minimizing environmental or social impact. If competitive technologies emerge or are increasingly utilized that use other materials in place of our product or that diminish the required amount of our product, such as electric arc furnaces or pulverized coal injection processes, demand and price for our steelmaking coal might fall. Many of these alternative technologies are designed to use lower quality coals or other sources of carbon instead of higher cost high-quality HCC. While conventional blast furnace technology has been the most economic large-scale steel production technology for a number of years, and while emergent technologies typically take many years to commercialize, there can be no assurance that over the longer term competitive technologies not reliant on HCC could emerge which could reduce demand and price premiums for HCC. Substantially all of our revenues are derived from the sale of steelmaking coal. This lack of diversification of our business could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We rely on the steelmaking coal production from our two active steelmaking coal mines for substantially all of our revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenues from the sale of steelmaking coal accounted for approximately 97.5% of our total revenues. As noted above, demand for steelmaking coal depends on domestic and foreign steel demand. At times, the pricing and availability of steel can be volatile due to numerous factors beyond our control. Any economic downturn could adversely affect demand for our steelmaking coal and contribute to volatile supply and demand conditions affecting prices and volumes. In addition, global conditions may significantly affect the demand for steelmaking coal. When steel prices are lower, the prices that we charge steelmaking customers for our steelmaking coal may decline, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Since we are heavily dependent on the steelmaking industry, 40 adverse economic conditions in this industry, even in the presence of otherwise favorable economic conditions in the broader coal industry, could have a significantly greater impact on our financial condition and results of operations than if our business were more diversified. In addition, our lack of diversification may make us more susceptible to such adverse economic conditions than our competitors with more diversified operations and/or asset portfolios, such as those that produce thermal coal in addition to steelmaking coal. All of our mining operations are located in Alabama, making us vulnerable to risks associated with having our production concentrated in one geographic area. All of our mining operations are geographically concentrated in Alabama. As a result of this concentration, we may be disproportionately exposed to the impact of delays or interruptions in production caused by significant governmental regulation, transportation capacity constraints, constraints on the availability of required equipment, facilities, personnel or services, curtailment of production, extreme weather conditions, natural disasters, pandemics or interruption of transportation or other events that impact Alabama or its surrounding areas. If any of these factors were to impact Alabama more than other steelmaking coal producing regions, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will be adversely affected relative to other mining companies with operations in unaffected regions or that have a more geographically diversified asset portfolio. Steelmaking coal mining involves many hazards and operating risks, some of which may not be fully covered by insurance, and is dependent upon many factors and conditions beyond our control.  The occurrence of a significant accident or other event that is not fully insured could curtail our operations and may cause our profitability and financial position to decline. Our mining operations, including our preparation and transportation infrastructure, are subject to inherent hazards and operating risks that could disrupt operations, decrease production and increase the cost of mining for varying lengths of time. Specifically, underground mining and related processing activities present risks of injury to persons and damage to property and equipment. In addition, steelmaking coal mining is dependent upon a number of conditions beyond our control that can disrupt operations and/or affect our costs and production schedules at particular mines. These risks, hazards and conditions include, but are not limited to: • variations in geological conditions, such as the thickness of the steelmaking coal seam and amount of rock embedded in the steelmaking coal deposit and variations in rock and other natural materials overlying the steelmaking coal deposit, that could affect the stability of the roof and the side walls of the mine; • mining, process and equipment or mechanical failures, unexpected maintenance problems and delays in moving longwall equipment; • the unavailability of raw materials, equipment (including heavy mobile equipment) or other critical supplies such as tires, explosives, fuel, lubricants and other consumables of the type, quantity and/or size needed to meet production expectations; • adverse weather and natural disasters, such as heavy rains or snow, forest fires, flooding and other natural events, including seismic activities, ground failures, rock bursts or structural cave-ins or slides, affecting our operations or transportation to our customers; • railroad delays or derailments; • environmental hazards, such as subsidence and excess water ingress; • delays and difficulties in acquiring, maintaining or renewing necessary permits or mining rights; 41 • availability of adequate skilled employees and other labor relations matters; • security breaches or terroristic acts; • unexpected mine accidents, including rock-falls and explosions caused by the ignition of met coal dust, natural gas or other explosive sources at our mine sites or fires caused by the spontaneous combustion of steelmaking coal or similar mining accidents; • competition and/or conflicts with other natural resource extraction activities and production within our operating areas, such as natural gas extraction or oil and gas development; and • other hazards that could also result in personal injury and loss of life, pollution and suspension of operations. These risks and conditions could result in damage to or the destruction of our mineral properties, equipment or production facilities, personal injury or death, environmental damage, delays in mining, regulatory investigations, actions and penalties, repair and remediation costs, monetary losses and legal liability. In addition, a significant mine accident could potentially cause a suspension of operations or a complete mine shutdown. Our insurance coverage may not be available or sufficient to fully cover claims that may arise from these risks and conditions.  We may elect not to obtain insurance for any or all of these risks if we believe that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented.  In addition, pollution or environmental risks generally are not fully insurable. The occurrence of an event that is not fully covered by insurance, failure by insurers to make payments or an event that results in a mine shutdown could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We have also seen adverse geological conditions in the mines, such as variations in steelmaking coal seam thickness, variations in the competency and make-up of the roof strata, fault-related discontinuities in the steelmaking coal seam and the potential for ingress of excessive amounts of natural gas or water. Such adverse conditions may increase our cost of sales and reduce our profitability and may cause us to decide to close a mine. Any of these risks or conditions could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, if any of the foregoing changes, conditions or events occurs and is not excusable as a force majeure event, any resulting failure on our part to deliver steelmaking coal to the purchaser under our contracts could result in economic penalties, suspension or cancellation of shipments or ultimately termination of the agreement, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our business is subject to inherent risks, some for which we maintain third party insurance. We may not have adequate insurance coverage for some business risks.  We may incur losses and be subject to liability claims that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We maintain insurance policies that provide limited coverage for some, but not all, potential risks and liabilities associated with our business. The insurance that we maintain may contain certain deductible amounts and cover risks and liabilities typical for a coal mining business including, but not limited to, property, general liability and business interruption.  Although we maintain insurance for a number of risks and hazards, we may not be insured or fully insured against the losses or liabilities that could arise from a significant accident in our coal operations.  We may elect not to obtain insurance for any or all of these risks if we believe that the cost of available insurance is excessive relative to the risks presented.  Moreover, a significant mine accident could potentially cause a mine shutdown.  The occurrence of an event that is not fully covered by insurance or that results in a mine shutdown could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.  The risk of increased insurance costs may be exacerbated where an adverse event results in us asserting an insurance claim, the cost of which our insurers may seek to recoup during a future insurance renewal through increased premiums or limitations on coverage. 42 As a result of market conditions, premiums and deductibles for certain insurance policies can increase substantially, and in some instances certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. As a result, we may not be able to renew our existing insurance policies or procure other desirable insurance on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. In addition, certain environmental, contamination and pollution risks generally are not fully insurable. Even where insurance coverage applies, insurers may contest their obligations to make payments. One of the tools used to manage this risk is an insurance captive, which allows us to control premiums, increase control over claims management, tailor coverage to our specific needs and improve risk control.  Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by losses and liabilities from uninsured or under-insured events, as well as by delays in the payment of insurance proceeds, or the failure by insurers to make payments. We also may incur costs and liabilities resulting from claims for damages to property or injury to persons arising from our operations. We must compensate employees for work-related injuries. If we do not make adequate provision for our workers’ compensation and black lung liabilities, or we are pursued for applicable sanctions, costs and liabilities, our operations and profitability could be adversely affected. Certain of our subsidiaries are responsible for medical and disability benefits for black lung disease under federal law and are insured beginning April 1, 2016 for claims made by or on behalf of any of our employees. The DOL required us to provide insurance coverage rather than be self-insured for these obligations. The number and quality of viable financing alternatives available to us may be significantly impacted by unfavorable lending and investment policies by financial institutions associated with concerns about environmental impacts of carbon based fuels, including coal.  Negative views with respect to environmental and social matters and related governance considerations could result in a low ESG or sustainability score and could harm the perception of our Company by certain investors and activists or result in the exclusion of our securities from consideration by those investors.  In addition, there are fewer insurance companies willing to provide line of business coverages related to ESG concerns which can result in higher company premiums and retained losses. Global climate change continues to attract considerable public and scientific attention, with widespread concern about the impacts of human activity, especially the emission of GHGs, such as carbon dioxide and methane. Some of our operations, such as methane release resulting from steelmaking coal mining, directly emit GHGs. Increased attention to climate change, societal expectations on companies to address climate change and investor and societal expectations regarding voluntary ESG disclosures may result in negative views of us with respect to ESG issues that could result in a low ESG score or similar sustainability score, could harm the perception of our Company by certain investors, or could result in the exclusion of our securities from consideration by those investors. Certain financial institutions, including banks and insurance companies, have taken actions to limit available financing, insurance and other services to entities that produce or use fossil fuels.  Increasingly, the actions of such financial institutions and insurance companies are based upon non-standardized ESG or "sustainability" scores, ratings and benchmarking studies provided by various organizations that assess corporate governance related to environmental and social matters.  Currently, there are no universal standards for such scores or ratings, but some investors and stockholders value sustainability evaluations.  Further, there have been efforts in recent years by members of the general financial and investment communities, including investment advisors, sovereign wealth funds, public pension funds, universities, other institutional investors and activists, to divest themselves and to promote the divestment of securities issued by companies involved in carbon based fuels or that have low ratings or scores in studies and assessments of the type noted above, including coal producers.  These entities also have been pressuring lenders to limit financing available to such companies.  Companies in the energy industry, and in particular those focused on coal, natural gas or petroleum extraction and refining, often perform worse under ESG assessments compared to companies in other industries.  These may have adverse consequences including, but not limited to: • restricting our ability to access capital and financial markets in the future; 43 • excluding our securities from the portfolios of certain investment funds and investors; • reducing the demand and price for our equity securities; • increasing the cost of borrowing; • causing a decline in our credit ratings; • reducing the availability, and/or increasing the cost of, third-party insurance; • increasing our retention of risk through self-insurance; • making it more difficult to obtain surety bonds, letters of credit, bank guarantees or other financing; and • limiting our flexibility in business development activities such as the remaining development of Blue Creek, mergers, acquisitions or divestitures. ESG expectations, including both the matters in focus and the management of such matters, continue to evolve rapidly. For example, in addition to climate change, there is increasing attention on topics such as diversity and inclusion, human rights, and human and natural capital, in companies’ own operations as well as their supply chains. In addition, perspectives on ESG considerations continue to evolve, and we cannot currently predict how regulators’, investors’ and other stakeholders’ views on ESG matters may affect the regulatory and investment landscape and affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we do not, or are perceived to not, adapt or comply with investor or stakeholder expectations and standards on ESG matters, we may suffer from reputational damage and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Any reputational damage associated with ESG factors may also adversely impact our ability to recruit and retain employees and customers. Moreover, while we may publish voluntary disclosures regarding ESG matters from time to time, many of the statements in those voluntary disclosures are based on hypothetical expectations and assumptions that may or may not be representative of current or actual risks or events, or forecasts of expected risks or events, including the costs associated therewith. Such expectations and assumptions are necessarily uncertain and may be prone to error or subject to misinterpretation given the long timelines involved in measuring and reporting on many ESG matters. In addition, we may commit to certain ESG initiatives over time, such as investing capital in project and technologies to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions; however, we may not ultimately be able to achieve our goals or reach our commitments, either on the timeframes or costs initially anticipated or at all due to factors within or outside of our control. If we do not, or are perceived to not, adapt or comply with investor or stakeholder expectations and standards on ESG matters, we may suffer from reputational damage and increased risk of litigation or activism, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flow. The SEC published final rules on March 6, 2024, relating to the disclosure of a range of climate-related risks and other information. Several lawsuits have been filed challenging the rules.  In April 2024, the SEC agreed to pause the rules to facilitate an orderly judicial resolution and, in March 2025, the SEC voted to end its defense of the rules.  Though the SEC climate disclosure rules are subject to ongoing litigation and final agency action remains pending, the SEC's withdrawal confirms the federal shift away from climate and ESG policies.  To the extent these or similar federal or state rules are implemented, we and/or our customers could incur increased costs related to the assessment and disclosure of climate-related information. Enhanced climate disclosure requirements could also accelerate any trend by certain stakeholders and capital providers to restrict or seek more stringent conditions with respect to their financing of certain carbon intensive sectors.  There may be increased levels of regulation, disclosure-related and otherwise, with respect to ESG matters, which would likely lead to increased compliance costs, as well as scrutiny that could heighten all of the risks identified in this risk factor.  Such ESG matters may also affect our suppliers or customers, which could augment or cause additional impacts to our business or operations. 44 Any future laws, regulations or other policies related to greenhouse gas emissions may adversely impact our business in material ways. The degree to which any particular law, regulation or policy impacts us will depend on several factors, including the substantive terms involved, the relevant time periods for enactment and any related transition periods. Defects in title of any real property or leasehold interests in our properties or associated steelmaking coal reserves could limit our ability to mine or develop these properties or result in significant unanticipated costs. All of our mining operations are conducted on properties owned or leased by us. Our right to mine our steelmaking coal reserves may be materially adversely affected by defects in title or boundaries or if our property interests are subject to superior property rights of third parties. We do not have title insurance for any of our real property or leasehold interests and, title to most of our owned or leased properties and mineral rights is not usually verified until we make a commitment to mine a property, which may not occur until after we have obtained necessary permits and completed exploration of the property.  Any challenge to our title or leasehold interests could delay the mining of the property, result in the loss of some or all of our interest in the property or steelmaking coal reserves and increase our costs. In order to conduct our mining operations on properties where these defects exist, we may incur unanticipated costs perfecting title. In addition, if we mine or conduct our operations on property that we do not own or lease, we could incur civil damages or liabilities for such mining operations and be subject to conversion, negligence, trespass, regulatory sanction and penalties. Some leases have minimum production requirements or require us to commence mining operations in a specified term to retain the lease. Failure to meet those requirements could result in losses of prepaid royalties and, in some rare cases, could result in a loss of the lease itself. We face uncertainties in estimating our economically recoverable steelmaking coal reserves and resources, and inaccuracies in our estimates of our steelmaking coal reserves and resources could result in decreased profitability from lower than expected revenues or higher than expected costs. Our future performance depends on, among other things, the accuracy of our estimates of our proven and probable steelmaking coal reserves. Reserve and resource estimates are based on a number of sources of information, including engineering, geological, mining and property control maps and data, our operational experience of historical production from similar areas with similar conditions and assumptions governing future pricing and operational costs. We update our estimates of the quantity and quality of proven and probable steelmaking coal reserves at least annually to reflect the production of steelmaking coal from the reserves, updated geological models and mining recovery data, the tonnage contained in new lease areas acquired and estimated costs of production and sales prices. There are numerous factors and assumptions inherent in estimating steelmaking coal quantities, qualities and costs to mine, including many factors beyond our control, such as the following: • geological and mining conditions, including faults in the steelmaking coal seam; • historical production from the area compared with production from other producing areas; • the percentage of steelmaking coal ultimately recoverable; • the assumed effects of regulations and taxes and other payments to governmental agencies; • our ability to obtain, maintain and renew all required permits; • future improvements in mining technology; 45 • assumptions concerning the timing of the development of the reserves; and • assumptions concerning equipment and operational productivity, future steelmaking coal prices, operating costs, including those for critical supplies such as fuel, tires and explosives, capital expenditures and development and reclamation costs. Each of these factors may vary considerably from the assumptions used in estimating the reserves. As a result, estimates of the quantities and qualities of economically recoverable steelmaking coal attributable to any particular group of properties, classifications of reserves based on risk of recovery, estimated cost of production, and estimates of future net cash flows expected from these properties as prepared by different engineers or by the same engineers at different times may vary materially due to changes in the above factors and assumptions. The conversion of reported mineral resources to mineral reserves should not be assumed, and the reclassification of reported mineral resources from lower to higher levels of geological confidence should not be assumed.  As such, actual coal tonnage recovered from identified reserve and resource areas or properties and revenue and expenditures with respect to our coal reserves and resources may vary materially from estimates.  Thus, these estimates may not accurately reflect our actual reserves and resources. Any material inaccuracy in our estimates related to our reserves and resources could result in decreased profitability from lower-than-expected revenues and/or higher than expected costs, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Our inability to develop steelmaking coal reserves in an economically feasible manner or our inability to acquire additional steelmaking coal reserves that are economically recoverable may adversely affect our business. Our long-term profitability depends in part on our ability to cost-effectively mine and process steelmaking coal reserves that possess the quality characteristics desired by our customers. As we mine, our steelmaking coal reserves decline. As a result, our future success depends upon our ability to develop or acquire additional steelmaking coal reserves that are economically recoverable to replace the reserves that we produce. Coal is economically recoverable when the price at which our steelmaking coal can be sold exceeds the costs and expenses of mining and selling such steelmaking coal. We may not be able to obtain adequate economically recoverable replacement reserves when we require them and, even if available, such reserves may not be at favorable prices or we may not be capable of mining those reserves at costs that are comparable to our existing steelmaking coal reserves. Our ability to develop or acquire steelmaking coal reserves in the future may also be limited by the availability of cash from our operations or financing under our existing or future financing arrangements, as well as certain restrictions under such arrangements. If we are unable to develop or acquire replacement reserves, our future production may decrease significantly as existing reserves are depleted and this may have a material adverse impact on our cash flows, financial position and results of operations. Any significant downtime of our major pieces of mining equipment could impair our ability to supply steelmaking coal to our customers and materially and adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. We depend on several major pieces of mining equipment to produce and transport our steelmaking coal, including, but not limited to, longwall mining systems, continuous mining units, our preparation plant and blending facilities, and conveyors.  We procure this equipment from a concentrated group of suppliers and obtaining or repairing these major pieces of mining equipment often involves long lead times. If any of these pieces of equipment or facilities suffer major damage or are destroyed by fire, abnormal wear, flooding, incorrect operation or otherwise, we may be unable to replace or repair them in a timely manner or at a reasonable cost, which would impact our ability to produce and transport steelmaking coal and materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Moreover, MSHA and other regulatory agencies sometimes make changes with regards to requirements for pieces of equipment. Such changes could cause delays if manufacturers and suppliers are unable to make the required changes in compliance with mandated deadlines. 46 If either our preparation plant or river barge load-out facilities, or those of a third party processing or loading our steelmaking coal, suffer extended downtime, including major damage, or are destroyed, our ability to process and deliver steelmaking coal to prospective customers would be materially impacted, which would materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may not recover our investments in our mining, exploration and other assets, which may require us to recognize impairment charges related to those assets. The value of our assets may be adversely affected by numerous uncertain factors, some of which are beyond our control, including unfavorable changes in the economic environments in which we operate, lower-than-expected coal pricing, technical and geological operating difficulties, an inability to economically extract our coal reserves and unanticipated increases in operating costs.  These may cause us to fail to recover all or a portion of our investments in those assets and may trigger the recognition of impairment charges in the future, which could have a substantial impact on our results of operations. Because of the volatile and cyclical nature of the U.S. and international coal markets, it is reasonably possible that our current estimates of projected future cash flows from our mining assets may change in the near term, which may result in the need for adjustments to the carrying value of our assets. Risks Related to Regulatory Compliance We are responsible for medical and disability benefits for black lung disease under federal law. We assumed certain historical self-insured black lung liabilities of Walter Energy and its subsidiaries incurred prior to April 1, 2016 in connection with the acquisition of certain assets of Walter Energy. We are self-insured for these black lung liabilities and have posted certain collateral with the Department of Labor as described below. Changes in the estimated claims to be paid or changes in the amount of collateral required by the Department of Labor may have a greater impact on our profitability and cash flows in the future. We are responsible for medical and disability benefits for black lung disease under the Federal Coal Mine Health and Safety Act of 1969, the Mine Act and the Black Lung Benefits Act, each as amended, and are self-insured for black lung related claims asserted by or on behalf of former employees of Walter Energy and its subsidiaries as assumed in the acquisition of certain assets of Walter Energy for the period prior to April 1, 2016. We perform an annual actuarial evaluation of the overall black lung liabilities as of each December 31 st . The calculation is performed using assumptions regarding rates of successful claims, discount factors, benefit increases and mortality rates, among others. If the number of or severity of successful claims increases, or we are required to accrue or pay additional amounts because the successful claims prove to be more severe than our original assessment, our operating results and cash flows could be negatively impacted. Our self-insurance program for these legacy liabilities is unique to the industry and was specifically negotiated with the DOL. As of December 31, 2025,  we have posted $18.6 million in surety bonds and $9.9 million of collateral recognized as short term investments in addition to maintaining a black lung trust of $0.9 million that was acquired in the acquisition of certain assets of Walter Energy.  We received a letter from the Division of Coal Mine Workers' Compensation ("DCMWC") on February 21, 2020 under its new process for self-insurance renewals that would require us to increase the amount of collateral posted to $39.8 million, but we appealed such increase.  We received another letter from the DCMWC on December 8, 2021 requesting additional information to support our appeal of the collateral requested by the DOL. On February 9, 2022, the DCMWC held a conference call with representatives from the Company related to our appeal.  On July 12, 2022, we received a decision on our appeal from the DCMWC lowering the amount of collateral required to be posted from $39.8 million to $28 million.  We appealed this decision. On January 19, 2023, the DOL proposed revisions to regulations under the Black Lung Benefits Act governing authorization of self-insurers, which was then subsequently revised as part of the final rules published on December 12, 2024, which became effective on January 13, 2025.  The final rules require, among other requirements, all self-insured operators to post security of at least 100 percent of their projected black lung liabilities. On January 14, 2025, we received a letter from the DCMWC outlining the new procedures and application process for authorizing operators to self-insure under the new 47 regulations.  The letter outlined authorization form requirements and provided a 60-day period for the submission of the required documents.  Subsequently, on February 20, 2025, we received another letter from the DCMWC stating that the 60-day deadline to provide information was no longer applicable and no information was required to be submitted at this time.  DCWMC further stated that additional guidance would be provided in due course after consultation with the new DOL leadership. For additional information see “Part I, Item 1. Business-Environmental and Regulatory Matters-Workers’ Compensation and Black Lung.” Our estimated total black lung liabilities as of December 31, 2025 were $36.1 million (net of the black lung trust). In future years, the DOL could require us to increase the amount of the collateral which could negatively impact our cash flows. Our failure to obtain and renew permits necessary for our mining operations could negatively affect our business. Mining companies must obtain numerous permits that impose strict regulations on various environmental and operational matters in connection with steelmaking coal mining. These include permits issued by various federal, state and local agencies and regulatory bodies. The permitting rules, and the interpretations of these rules, are complex, change frequently and are often subject to discretionary interpretations by the regulators, all of which may make compliance more difficult or impractical, and may possibly preclude the continuance of ongoing operations or the development of future mining operations. The public, including non-governmental organizations, anti-mining groups and individuals, have certain statutory rights to comment upon and submit objections to requested permits and environmental impact statements prepared in connection with applicable regulatory processes, and otherwise engage in the permitting process, including bringing citizens’ lawsuits to challenge the issuance of permits, the validity of environmental impact statements or performance of mining activities. Accordingly, required permits may not be issued or renewed in a timely fashion or at all, or permits issued or renewed may be conditioned in a manner that may restrict our ability to efficiently and economically conduct our mining activities, any of which would materially reduce our production, cash flow and profitability. Extensive environmental, health and safety laws and regulations impose significant costs on our operations and future regulations could increase those costs, limit our ability to produce or adversely affect the demand for our products. Our businesses are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations with respect to matters such as: • permitting and licensing requirements; • employee health and safety, including occupational and mine health and safety; • workers’ compensation; • black lung disease; • reclamation and restoration of property; • plugging and abandoning of wells to remove coalbed methane; and • environmental laws and regulations, including those related to GHGs and climate change; air quality; water quality; stream and surface water quality and protection; management of materials generated by mining operations; the storage, treatment and disposal of wastes; protection of plants and wildlife such as threatened or endangered species; protection of wetlands; and remediation of contaminated soil and groundwater. In addition, the coal industry in the U.S. is affected by significant legislation mandating certain benefits for current and retired coal miners. Compliance with these requirements imposes significant costs on us and can result in reduced productivity. Moreover, the possibility exists that new health and safety legislation and/or regulations may be adopted and/or orders may be entered that may materially and adversely affect our mining operations. We must compensate employees for 48 work-related injuries. If we do not make adequate provisions for our workers’ compensation liabilities, it could harm our future operating results. In addition, the erosion through tort liability of the protections we are currently provided by workers’ compensation laws could increase our liability for work-related injuries and materially and adversely affect our operating results. Compliance with applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations may be costly and time-consuming and may delay commencement or interrupt continuation of exploration or production at one or more of our operations. These laws are constantly evolving and may become increasingly stringent. The ultimate impact of complying with existing laws and regulations is not always clearly known or determinable due in part to the fact that certain implementing regulations for these laws have not yet been promulgated and in certain instances are undergoing revision. These laws and regulations, particularly new legislative or administrative proposals (or judicial interpretations of existing laws and regulations), along with analogous foreign laws and regulations, could result in substantially increased capital, operating and compliance costs and could have a material adverse effect on our operations and/or our customers’ ability to use our products. Due in part to the extensive and comprehensive regulatory requirements, along with changing interpretations of these requirements, violations of applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations occur from time to time in our industry and at our operations. Changes in the law may require an unprecedented compliance effort on our part, could divert management’s attention, and may require significant expenditures. To the extent that these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, operating results will be detrimentally impacted. We believe that our major North American competitors are confronted by substantially similar conditions and thus do not believe that our relative position with regard to such competitors is materially affected by the impact of safety and environmental laws and regulations. However, the costs and operating restrictions necessary for compliance with safety and environmental laws and regulations, which is a major cost consideration for our operations, may have an adverse effect on our competitive position with regard to foreign producers and operators who may not be required to undertake equivalent costs in their operations. In addition, the specific impact on each competitor may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of its operating facilities, applicable state legislation and its production methods. Additionally, MSHA and state regulators may also order the temporary or permanent closing of a mine in the event of certain violations of safety rules, accidents or imminent dangers. In addition, regulators may order changes to mine plans or operations due to their interpretation or application of existing or new laws or regulations. Any required changes to mine plans or operations may result in temporary idling of production or addition of costs. Our mines are subject to stringent federal and state safety regulations that increase our cost of doing business at active operations and may place restrictions on our methods of operation. In addition, federal, state or local regulatory agencies have the authority to order certain of our mines to be temporarily or permanently closed under certain circumstances, which could materially and adversely affect our ability to meet our customers’ demands. The Mine Act and the MINER Act impose stringent health and safety standards on mining operations. Regulations that have been adopted under the Mine Act and the MINER Act are comprehensive and affect numerous aspects of mining operations, including training of mining personnel, mining procedure, the equipment used in emergency procedures, and other matters. Alabama has a similar program for mine safety and health regulation and enforcement. The various requirements mandated by law or regulation can place restrictions on our methods of operations, and potentially lead to fees and civil penalties for the violation of such requirements, creating a significant effect on operating costs and productivity. In addition, federal, state or local regulatory agencies have the authority under certain circumstances following significant health and safety incidents, such as fatalities, to order a mine to be temporarily or permanently closed. If this occurred, we may be required to incur capital expenditures to re-open the mine. In the event that these agencies order the closing of our mines, our steelmaking coal sales contracts generally permit us to issue force majeure notices, which suspend our obligations to deliver steelmaking coal under these contracts; however, our customers may challenge our issuances of force majeure notices. If these challenges are successful, we may have to purchase steelmaking coal from third-party sources, if 49 available, to fulfill these obligations or incur capital expenditures to re-open the mines and/or negotiate settlements with the customers, which may include price reductions, the reduction of commitments, and the extension of time for delivery or the termination of customers’ contracts. Any of these actions could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Increased focus by regulatory authorities on the effects of coal mining on the environment and recent regulatory developments related to coal mining operations, including the federal leasing program, could increase our costs to receive new permits to mine steelmaking coal, make it more difficult to comply with our existing permits to mine coal or to obtain federal land and mineral leases, or otherwise adversely affect us. Regulatory agencies are increasingly focused on the effects of coal mining on the environment, particularly relating to water quality, which has resulted in more rigorous permitting requirements and enforcement efforts. See “Part I, Item 1. Business-Environmental and Regulatory Matters” for a detailed discussion of these regulations and programs. The SMCRA requires that comprehensive environmental protection and reclamation standards be met during the course of and following completion of mining activities. Among other requirements, the SMCRA provides that the applicable regulatory authority may not issue a permit unless the operation has been designed to prevent material damage to the hydrologic balance outside the permit area. In 1983, the OSM issued rules providing that no land within 100 feet of a stream shall be disturbed by surface mining activities, unless specifically authorized by the regulatory authority. On December 20, 2016, the OSM published a new, finalized “Stream Protection Rule,” setting standards for “material damage to the hydrologic balance outside the permit area” that are applicable to surface and underground mining operations. However, on February 16, 2017, President Trump signed a joint congressional resolution disapproving the Stream Protection Rule pursuant to the Congressional Review Act. Accordingly, the regulations in effect prior to the Stream Protection Rule now apply, including OSM’s 1983 rule. Because the rule was repealed via Congressional Review Act procedure, the Agency is barred from issuing any future rule that is “substantially similar,” absent new legislation.  Still, it remains unclear whether and how additional federal actions could further impact regulatory or enforcement activities pursuant to the SMCRA. Section 404 of the Clean Water Act (“CWA”) requires mining companies to obtain USACE permits to place material in streams for the purpose of creating slurry ponds, water impoundments, refuse areas, valley fills or other mining activities. As is the case with other steelmaking coal mining companies, our construction and mining activities require Section 404 permits. The issuance of permits to construct valley fills and refuse impoundments under Section 404 of the CWA has been the subject of many court cases and increased regulatory oversight, resulting in additional permitting requirements that are expected to delay or even prevent the opening of new mines. For example, in recent years, regulators have adopted more stringent water quality standards for materials such as selenium. We have begun to incorporate these new requirements into our current permit applications; however, there can be no guarantee that we will be able to meet these or any other new standards with respect to our permit applications. Additionally, in January 2011, the EPA rescinded a federal CWA permit held by another coal mining company for a surface mine in Appalachia citing associated environmental damage and degradation. On April 23, 2013, the D.C. Circuit ruled that the EPA has the power under the CWA to retroactively veto a Section 404 dredge and fill permit “whenever” it makes a determination about certain adverse effects, even years after the USACE has granted the permit to an applicant. On March 24, 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court denied petitions for review. Subsequently, on July 19, 2016, the D.C. Circuit affirmed the district court’s further ruling that the EPA’s decision to withdraw approval for disposal sites satisfied administrative requirements. The D.C. Circuit held that the EPA’s ex post withdrawal was a product of its broad veto authority under the CWA, not a procedural defect. While our operations are not directly impacted by this ruling, it could be an indication that other surface mining water permits could be subject to more substantial review in the future. 50 Recent regulatory actions and court decisions created some uncertainty over the scope of CWA jurisdiction. On June 29, 2015, in response to Supreme Court decisions discussing the scope of CWA jurisdiction, the EPA and the USACE jointly promulgated final rules expanding the scope of waters protected under the CWA, revising regulations that had been in place for more than 25 years. However, on October 22, 2019, the agencies published a final rule to repeal the 2015 rules and then on April 21, 2020, the EPA and the USACE published a replacement rule that would have significantly reduced the scope of waters subject to federal regulation under the CWA.  On August 30, 2021, a federal court struck down the replacement rule and, on January 18, 2023, the EPA and the USACE published a final rule that would restore water protections that were in place prior to 2015.  However, on May 25, 2023, the Supreme Court issued an opinion substantially narrowing the scope of "waters of the United States" protected under the CWA.  On September 8, 2023, the EPA and the USACE published a final rule conforming their regulations to the decision.  Most recently, the EPA published a proposed rule on November 20, 2025, to further clarify the scope of "waters of the United States."  If finalized as proposed, CWA jurisdiction would be limited to relatively permanent, standing or continuously flowing bodies of water, as well as wetlands that are connected and indistinguishable from such waterbodies. It is unknown what future changes will be implemented to the permitting review and issuance process or to other aspects of mining operations, but increased regulatory focus, future laws and judicial decisions could materially and adversely affect all coal mining companies. In addition, the public, including non-governmental organizations, anti-mining groups and individuals, have certain statutory rights to comment upon and submit objections to requested permits and environmental impact statements prepared in connection with applicable regulatory processes, and otherwise engage in the permitting process, including bringing citizens’ lawsuits to challenge the issuance of permits, the validity of environmental impact statements or performance of mining activities.  OSM finalized a "10-day rule" under the Biden Administration in April 2024 making it easier for the public to appeal decisions related to mining permits and operations under the SMCRA to the federal government, though the EPA rescinded the rule on June 16, 2025. In each jurisdiction in which we operate, we could incur additional permitting and operating costs, may be unable to obtain new permits or maintain existing permits and could incur fines, penalties and other costs, any of which could materially adversely affect our business. If steelmaking coal mining methods are limited or prohibited, it could significantly increase our operational costs and make it more difficult to economically recover a significant portion of our reserves. In the event that we cannot increase the price we charge for steelmaking coal to cover the higher production costs without reducing customer demand for our steelmaking coal, there could be a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, increased public focus on the environmental, health and aesthetic impacts of coal mining could harm our reputation and reduce demand for steelmaking coal. Regulation of air emissions, including GHG emissions, could increase our operating costs and impact the demand for, price of and value of our products. The Clean Air Act and comparable state laws that regulate air emissions affect coal mining operations both directly and indirectly. Direct impacts on coal mining may occur through permitting requirements and/or emission control requirements relating to particulate matter, such as fugitive dust, or fine particulate matter measuring 2.5 micrometers in diameter or smaller (PM 2.5). These regulations were tightened in 2024, during the Biden Administration, to further limit the discharge of PM 2.5, though current EPA leadership views the 2024 rule as unlawful and the Agency has requested the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit—where the rule is being challenged by state attorneys general and businesses—to vacate the rule.  The Clean Air Act indirectly affects our mining operations by extensively regulating the air emissions of sulfur dioxide, nitrogen oxides, mercury, ozone and other compounds emitted by steel manufacturers, coke ovens and coal-fired utilities. Increased regulation of air emissions could increase our operating costs and impact the demand for, price of and value of our products. Additionally, climate change continues to attract public and scientific attention, and increasing attention by government as well as private businesses is being paid to reduce GHG emissions. There are three primary sources of GHGs associated with the steelmaking coal industry. First, the end use of our steelmaking coal by our customers in steelmaking is a source of GHGs. Second, combustion of fuel by equipment used in steelmaking coal production and to transport our 51 steelmaking coal to our customers is a source of GHGs. Third, steelmaking coal mining itself can release methane, which is considered to be a more potent GHG than carbon dioxide, directly into the atmosphere. These emissions from steelmaking coal consumption, transportation and production are subject to pending and proposed regulation as part of initiatives to address global climate. There are many legal and regulatory approaches currently in effect or being considered to address GHGs, including international treaty commitments and new foreign, federal and state legislation and regulations, that may impose carbon emissions taxes or fees, incentivize emission reductions, or establish a “cap and trade” program. In particular, in August 2022, President Biden signed the IRA into law, though many IRA programs have since been halted.  As enacted, the IRA contains billions of dollars in incentives for the development of renewable energy, clean hydrogen, clean fuels, electric vehicles, investments in advanced biofuels and supporting infrastructure and carbon capture and sequestration, amongst other provisions.  These incentives could accelerate the transition of the economy away from the use of fossil fuels towards lower- or zero-carbon emissions alternatives.  However, on January 20, 2025, President Trump signed multiple executive orders seeking to reverse these climate incentives, including pausing the disbursement of funds under the IRA. The same day, President Trump also issued executive orders to encourage fossil fuel production and exploration on federal lands and waters, while moving away from renewable energy and electric vehicles. At the international level, in December 2015, the United States participated in the 21st Conference of the Parties of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (“Conference of Parties”) in Paris, France. The resulting Paris Agreement calls for the parties to undertake “ambitious efforts” to limit the average global temperature, and to conserve and enhance sinks and reservoirs of GHG. The Paris Agreement went into effect on November 4, 2016. The Paris Agreement establishes a framework for the parties to cooperate and report actions to reduce GHG emissions. Although the United States withdrew from the Paris Agreement effective November 4, 2020, President Biden issued an Executive Order on January 20, 2021 to rejoin the Paris Agreement, which went into effect on February 19, 2021. On April 21, 2021, the United States announced that it was setting an economy-wide target of reducing its GHG emissions by 50-52 percent below 2005 levels in 2030. In November 2021, in connection with the 26 th session of the Conference of Parties in Glasgow, Scotland, the United States and other world leaders made further commitments to reduce GHGs, including reducing global methane emissions by at least 30% by 2030 and ending the international public finance of new unabated coal power generation abroad by the end of 2021. The resulting Glasgow Climate Pact calls upon the parties to “accelerate efforts towards the phase-down of unabated coal power and phase-out inefficient fossil fuel subsidies.”  The Biden Administration announced a new climate target for the United States on December 19, 2024, which includes a 61-66 percent reduction in economy-wide net GHG emissions by 2035, as compared to 2005 levels. However, President Trump signed an executive order on January 20, 2025, directing the United States Ambassador to the United Nations to immediately withdraw from the Paris Agreement.  The U.S. withdrawal from the Paris Agreement became effective on January 27, 2026. The existing laws and regulations or other current and future efforts to stabilize or reduce GHG emissions could adversely impact the demand for, price of and value of our products and reserves. As our operations also emit GHGs directly, current or future laws or regulations limiting GHG emissions could increase our own costs. For example, methane must be expelled from our underground steelmaking coal mines for mining safety reasons. Although our natural gas operations capture methane from our underground steelmaking coal mines, some methane is vented into the atmosphere when the steelmaking coal is mined. In June 2010, Earthjustice petitioned the EPA to make a finding that emissions from coal mines may reasonably be anticipated to endanger public health and welfare, and to list them as a stationary source subject to further regulation of emissions. On April 30, 2013, the EPA denied the petition. Judicial challenges seeking to force the EPA to list coal mines as stationary sources have likewise been unsuccessful to date. If the EPA were to make an endangerment finding in the future, we may have to further reduce our methane emissions, install additional air pollution controls, pay certain taxes or fees for our emissions, incur costs to purchase credits that permit us to continue operations as they now exist at our underground steelmaking coal mines, explore carbon sequestration options or perhaps curtail steelmaking coal production. Although the potential impacts on us of additional climate change regulation are difficult to reliably quantify, they could be material. 52 In addition, there have also been efforts in recent years to influence the investment community, including investment advisors and certain sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds promoting divestment of fossil fuel equities and pressuring lenders to limit funding to companies engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. Such environmental activism and initiatives aimed at limiting climate change and reducing air pollution could interfere with our business activities, operations and ability to access capital. Increasing attention to climate change risk has also resulted in a recent trend of governmental investigations and private litigation by local and state government agencies as well as private plaintiffs in an effort to hold companies accountable for the effects of climate change.  Claims have been made against certain companies alleging that GHG emissions constitute a public nuisance under federal and/or state common law. Private individuals or public entities may seek to enforce environmental laws and regulations against us and could allege personal injury, property damages or other liabilities. While we are not a party to any such litigation, we could be named in actions making similar allegations. An unfavorable ruling in any such case could significantly impact our operations and could have an adverse impact on our financial condition. Further, climate change may cause more extreme weather conditions such as more intense hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornadoes and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels and increased volatility in seasonal temperatures. Extreme weather conditions can interfere with our services and increase our costs, and damage resulting from extreme weather may not be fully insured. However, at this time, we are unable to determine the extent to which climate change may lead to increased storm or weather hazards affecting our operations. Our operations may impact the environment or cause exposure to hazardous substances and our properties may have environmental contamination, which could result in material liabilities to us. Our operations currently use hazardous materials from time to time. We could become subject to claims for toxic torts, natural resource damages and other damages as well as for the investigation and cleanup of soil, surface water, groundwater and other media. Such claims may arise, for example, out of conditions at sites that we currently own or operate, as well as at sites that we previously owned or operated, or may acquire. Our liability for such claims may be joint and several, so that we may be held responsible for more than our share of the contamination or other damages, or even for the entire amount of damages assessed. We maintain extensive steelmaking coal refuse areas and slurry impoundments at our mining complexes. Such areas and impoundments are subject to comprehensive regulation. Slurry impoundments have been known to fail, releasing large volumes of steelmaking coal slurry into the surrounding environment. Structural failure of an impoundment can result in extensive damage to the environment and natural resources, such as bodies of water that the steelmaking coal slurry reaches, as well as create liability for related personal injuries, property damages and injuries to wildlife. Some of our impoundments overlie mined out areas, which can pose a heightened risk of failure and the assessment of damages arising out of such failure. If one of our impoundments were to fail, we could be subject to substantial claims for the resulting environmental contamination and associated liability, as well as for related fines and penalties. Drainage flowing from or caused by mining activities can be acidic with elevated levels of dissolved metals, a condition referred to as AMD. Treatment of AMD can be costly. Although we do not currently face material costs associated with AMD, it is possible that we could incur significant costs in the future. These and other similar unforeseen impacts that our operations may have on the environment, as well as exposures to hazardous substances or wastes associated with our operations, could result in costs and liabilities that could materially and adversely affect us. See also “Part I, Item 1. Business—Environmental and Regulatory Matters.” 53 Failure to obtain or renew surety bonds on acceptable terms could affect our ability to secure reclamation and coal lease obligations and, therefore, our ability to mine or lease steelmaking coal. Federal and state laws require us to obtain surety bonds or post other financial security to secure performance or payment of certain long-term obligations, such as mine closure or reclamation costs, coalbed methane well closure and reclamation costs, federal and state workers’ compensation and black lung benefits costs, coal leases and other obligations. The amount of security required to be obtained can change as the result of new federal or state laws, as well as changes to the factors used to calculate the bonding or security amounts. We may have difficulty procuring or maintaining our surety bonds. Our bond issuers may demand higher fees or additional collateral, including letters of credit or other terms less favorable to us upon those renewals. Because we are required by state and federal law to have these bonds or other acceptable security in place before mining can commence or continue, our failure to maintain surety bonds, letters of credit or other guarantees or security arrangements would materially and adversely affect our ability to mine or lease steelmaking coal. That failure could result from a variety of factors, including lack of availability, higher expense or unfavorable market terms, the exercise by third-party surety bond issuers of their right to refuse to renew the surety and restrictions on availability of collateral for current and future third-party surety bond issuers under the terms of our financing arrangements. We have reclamation and mine closing obligations. If the assumptions underlying our accruals are inaccurate, we could be required to expend greater amounts than anticipated. The SMCRA establishes operational, reclamation and closure standards for our mining operations. Alabama has a state law counterpart to SMCRA. We accrue for the costs of current mine disturbance and of final mine closure and reclamation, including the cost of treating mine water discharge where necessary. The amounts recorded are dependent upon a number of variables, including the estimated future closure costs, estimated proven reserves, assumptions involving profit margins, inflation rates and the assumed credit-adjusted risk-free interest rates. If these accruals are insufficient or our liability in a particular year is greater than currently anticipated, our future operating results could be materially affected. Risks Related to our Financial Results and Finances We have a substantial amount of indebtedness. Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital to fund our operations and dividend policy, limit our ability to react to changes in the economy or our industry and prevent us from making debt service payments on the Notes. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $240.7 million of outstanding indebtedness (consisting of $156.5 million of Notes, net of $2.3 million in unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs and $84.2 million of financing lease obligations), all of which are secured, and $140.5 million of availability under our Amended ABL Facility (subject to meeting the borrowing base and other conditions therein). Our substantial indebtedness could have important consequences for us. For example, it could: • restrict us from making strategic acquisitions, engaging in development activities, introducing new technologies or exploiting business opportunities; • cause us to make non-strategic divestitures; • require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the repayment of our indebtedness, thereby reducing funds available to us for other purposes, including the payment of quarterly dividends or any special dividends, as well as engaging in any stock repurchases; • limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our operations or business; 54 • limit our ability to raise additional capital for working capital, capital expenditures, operations, debt service requirements, strategic initiatives or other purposes; • limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in our indebtedness, among other things, our ability to borrow additional funds or dispose of assets; • prevent us from raising the funds necessary to repurchase all of the Notes tendered to us upon the occurrence of certain changes of control, which failure to repurchase would constitute a default under the Indenture; • make it more difficult for us to satisfy our obligations with respect to our indebtedness, including the Notes, and any failure to comply with the obligations of any of our debt instruments, including restrictive covenants and borrowing conditions, could result in an event of default under the Indenture and the agreements governing other indebtedness; • make us more highly leveraged than some of our competitors, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage; • make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business or the economy; or • expose us to the risk of increased interest rates, as certain of our borrowings, including borrowings under the Amended ABL Facility, are at variable rates of interest and are based upon benchmarks that are subject to potential change or elimination, including as a result of the FCA Announcement. In addition, our Amended ABL Facility and the Indenture contain restrictive covenants that limit our ability to engage in activities that may be in our long-term best interest. Our failure to comply with those covenants could result in an event of default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of substantially all of our indebtedness. We may not be able to generate sufficient cash to service all of our indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our obligations under our indebtedness that may not be successful. Our ability to pay principal and interest on the Notes and the Amended ABL Facility and to satisfy our other debt obligations will depend upon, among other things: • our future financial and operating performance (including the realization of any cost savings described herein), which will be affected by prevailing economic, industry and competitive conditions and financial, business, legislative, regulatory and other factors, many of which are beyond our control; and • our future ability to borrow under the Amended ABL Facility, the availability of which depends on, among other things, our complying with the covenants in the Amended ABL Facility. We cannot assure you that our business will generate cash flow from operations, or that we will be able to draw under the Amended ABL Facility or otherwise, in an amount sufficient to fund our liquidity needs, including the payment of principal and interest on the Notes. If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to service our indebtedness, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, seek additional capital or restructure or refinance our indebtedness, including the Notes. These alternative measures may not be successful and may not permit us to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Our ability to restructure or refinance our debt will depend on the condition of the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. Any refinancing of our debt could be at higher interest rates and may require us to comply with more onerous covenants, which could further restrict our business operations. In addition, the terms of existing or future debt agreements, including the Amended ABL Facility and the Indenture, may restrict us from adopting some of these alternatives. In the absence of such operating results and resources, we could face substantial liquidity problems and might be required to dispose of 55 material assets or operations to meet our debt service and other obligations. We may not be able to consummate those dispositions for fair market value or at all. Furthermore, any proceeds that we could realize from any such dispositions may not be adequate to meet our debt service obligations then due. Our inability to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt obligations, or to refinance our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all, could result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and could negatively impact our ability to satisfy our obligations under the Notes. If we cannot make scheduled payments on our indebtedness, we will be in default, and holders of the Notes could declare all outstanding principal and interest to be due and payable, the lenders under the Amended ABL Facility could terminate their commitments to loan money, our secured lenders (including the lenders under the Amended ABL Facility and the holders of the Notes) could foreclose against the assets securing their loans and the Notes and we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation. Despite our current indebtedness levels, we may still be able to incur substantially more debt, including secured indebtedness. As of December 31, 2025, we had approximately $240.7 million of total debt outstanding (consisting of $156.5 million of Notes, net of $2.3 million in unamortized debt discount and debt issuance costs, and $84.2 million of financing lease obligations). Despite our current indebtedness, we may be able to incur substantial additional debt in the future, including secured indebtedness. As of December 31, 2025, we had no amounts drawn under the Amended ABL Facility and there were $2.5 million of letters of credit issued and outstanding under the Amended ABL Facility. At December 31, 2025, we had $140.5 million of availability under the Amended ABL Facility (calculated net of $2.5 million of letters of credit issued and outstanding at such time). Although covenants under the Indenture and the Amended ABL Facility will limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, these restrictions are subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions and, under certain circumstances, debt incurred in compliance with these restrictions could be substantial. Further, subsidiaries that we designate as unrestricted subsidiaries can incur unlimited additional indebtedness that is structurally senior to the Notes. In addition, the Indenture and the Amended ABL Facility will not limit us from incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness as defined therein. If we incur any additional indebtedness secured by liens that rank equally with those securing the Notes, including any additional notes or term loan facilities, the holders of that indebtedness will be entitled to share ratably with the holders in any proceeds distributed in connection with any insolvency, liquidation, reorganization, dissolution or other winding-up of our company. If new debt is added to our current debt levels, the related risks that we and our subsidiaries now face could increase. Additionally, we may recapitalize, incur additional indebtedness and take a number of other actions that could have the effect of diminishing our ability to make payments on the Notes when due. Our debt agreements contain restrictions that will limit our flexibility in operating our business. The Amended ABL Facility and the Indenture contain, and any other existing or future indebtedness of ours would likely contain, a number of covenants that will impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our and our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things: • incur additional debt, guarantee indebtedness or issue certain preferred shares; • pay dividends on or make distributions in respect of, or repurchase or redeem, our capital stock or make other restricted payments; • prepay, redeem or repurchase subordinated debt; • make loans or certain investments; 56 • sell certain assets; • grant or assume liens; • consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; • enter into certain transactions with our affiliates; • alter the businesses we conduct; • enter into agreements restricting our subsidiaries’ ability to pay dividends; and • designate our subsidiaries as unrestricted subsidiaries. As a result of these covenants, we will be limited in the manner in which we conduct our business, and we may be unable to engage in favorable business activities or finance future operations or capital needs. In addition, our Amended ABL Facility requires us to maintain a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio at any time when the average availability is less than a certain amount at such time. In that event, we must satisfy a minimum fixed charge ratio of 1.0 to 1.0. A failure to comply with the covenants under the Amended ABL Facility or any of our other future indebtedness could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In the event of any such event of default, the lenders thereunder: • will not be required to lend any additional amounts to us; • could elect to declare all borrowings outstanding, together with accrued and unpaid interest and fees, to be due and payable and terminate all commitments to extend further credit; • could require us to apply all of our available cash to repay these borrowings; or • could effectively prevent us from making debt service payments on the Notes (due to a cash sweep feature). Such actions by the lenders under the Amended ABL Facility could also cause cross defaults under our other indebtedness. If we were unable to repay those amounts, the lenders under the Amended ABL Facility could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the Amended ABL Facility. If any of our outstanding indebtedness under the Amended ABL Facility or our other indebtedness, including the Notes, were to be accelerated, there can be no assurance that our assets would be sufficient to repay such indebtedness in full. The need to maintain capacity for required letters of credit could limit our ability to provide financial assurance for self-insured obligations and negatively impact our ability to fund future working capital, capital expenditures or other general corporate requirements. Our Amended ABL Facility includes, among other things, provisions that provide for the issuance of letters of credit. Obligations secured by letters of credit may increase in the future. If we do not maintain sufficient borrowing capacity under our Amended ABL Facility, we may be unable to provide financial assurance for self-insured obligations and could negatively impact our ability to fund future working capital, capital expenditure or other general corporate requirements. 57 Our variable rate indebtedness subjects us to interest rate risk, which could cause our debt service obligations to increase. Borrowings under our Amended ABL Facility are at variable rates of interest and are based upon benchmarks that are subject to potential change or elimination, including as a result of the FCA Announcement, and therefore expose us to interest rate risk. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on the variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease. We may be unable to generate sufficient taxable income from future operations, or other circumstances could arise, which may limit or eliminate our ability to utilize our significant federal and state tax NOLs or our deferred tax assets. In connection with the acquisition of certain assets of Walter Energy consummated on March 31, 2016, we acquired deferred tax assets primarily associated with federal and state NOLs attributable to Walter Energy's write-off of its investment in Walter Energy Canada Holdings, Inc. As of December 31, 2025, we have utilized all of our federal NOLs and federal general business credit carryforwards and we had state NOLs of approximately $948.9 million. On February 12, 2021, the Alabama Governor signed into law Alabama House Bill 170, now Act 2021-1 (the “Act”). The Act makes several changes to the state’s business tax structure. Among the provisions of the Act, is the repeal of the so-called corporate income tax “throwback rule.” That rule required all sales originating in Alabama and delivered to a jurisdiction where the seller was not subject to tax, to be included in the seller’s Alabama income tax base. Thus, prior to repeal of the throwback rule, we had to rely on our Alabama NOL carryforwards to shelter taxes imposed under such throwback rule. As a result of the now repealed throwback rule, effective January 1, 2021, all such sales should now be excluded from Alabama taxable income without the need to utilize Alabama NOLs. As a result of the repeal of the throwback rule, we determined that it is not more likely than not that we would have sufficient taxable income to utilize all of our Alabama deferred income tax assets prior to expiration. Therefore, at December 31, 2025, we have a valuation allowance against our state deferred income tax assets of approximately $45.0 million. Certain factors could change or circumstances could arise that could further limit or eliminate the amount of the available federal and state NOLs to the Company, such as an ownership change, an adjustment by a tax authority or changes in state and federal tax legislation.  Also, certain circumstances, including our failing to generate sufficient future taxable income from operations, could limit our ability to fully utilize our deferred tax assets. Under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), and similar state laws, a company is generally allowed a deduction for federal and state NOLs against its federal and state taxable income.  At December 31, 2025,  these state NOLs represent a deferred tax asset of approximately $2.9 million, net of the valuation allowance. Our federal and state NOLs are subject to adjustment on audit by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) and state authorities. The IRS has not audited any of the tax returns for any of the years in which the losses giving rise to the federal and state NOLs were generated. Were the IRS to challenge the size or availability of our federal and state NOLs and prevail in such challenge, all or a portion of our federal and state NOLs, or our ability to utilize our federal and state NOLs to offset any future taxable income, may be impaired, which could have a significant negative impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A company’s ability to deduct its federal and state NOLs and utilize certain other available tax attributes can be substantially constrained under the general annual limitation rules of Section 382 of the Code if it undergoes an “ownership change” as defined in Section 382 or if similar provisions of state law apply. We experienced an ownership change in connection with the acquisition of certain assets of Walter Energy and as such, the limitations under Section 382 would generally apply unless an exception to such rule applies. An exception to the limitation rules of Section 382 is applicable to certain companies under the jurisdiction of a bankruptcy court. Due to certain uncertainties as to whether such exception applies to us, we filed a request for a private letter ruling from the IRS on these points. 58 On September 18, 2017, the IRS issued to us a private letter ruling, which favorably resolved these uncertainties. Based on such private letter ruling, we believe that there is no current limitation under Section 382 on the utilization of our federal NOLs to shield our income from federal taxation and that a similar analysis would be applied to our state NOLs. The private letter ruling was issued based on, among other things, certain facts and assumptions, as well as certain representations, statements and undertakings provided to the IRS by us. If any of these material facts, assumptions, representations, statements or undertakings are, or become, incorrect, inaccurate or incomplete, the private letter ruling may be invalidated and our ability to rely on the conclusions reached therein could be jeopardized. While we do not believe an ownership change has occurred since April 1, 2016, because the rules under Section 382 are highly complex and actions of our stockholders which are beyond our control or knowledge could impact whether an ownership change has occurred, we cannot give you any assurance that another Section 382 ownership change has not occurred or will not occur in the future. As a result of our qualifying for the aforementioned exception, were we to have undergone a subsequent ownership change prior to April 1, 2018, our federal and state NOLs would effectively be reduced to zero. An ownership change after such date would severely limit our ability to utilize our federal and state NOLs and other tax attributes. Certain transactions, including public offerings by us or our stockholders and redemptions may cause us to undergo an “owner shift” which by itself or when aggregated with other owner shifts that we have undergone or will undergo could cause us to experience an ownership change. Our certificate of incorporation contains transfer restrictions (the “382 Transfer Restrictions”) to minimize the likelihood of an ownership change. See “-Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock"-Our common stock is subject to the 382 Transfer Restrictions under our certificate of incorporation and the Amended Rights Agreement which are intended to prevent a Section 382 “ownership change,” which if not complied with, could result in the forfeiture of such stock and related distributions or substantial dilution of the stock ownership, respectively. Accordingly, this may impact the market price of our common stock and discourage third parties from seeking strategic transactions with us that could be beneficial to our stockholders.” The 382 Transfer Restrictions were originally set to expire in April 2020. Pursuant to the first amendment to the certificate of incorporation approved by our stockholders at the Company’s Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on April 23, 2019, we effected a three-year extension of the 382 Transfer Restrictions until April 19, 2023, which became effective on March 18, 2020 upon the filing of a certificate of amendment setting forth such amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. Pursuant to the second amendment to the certificate of incorporation approved by our stockholders at the Company's Annual Meeting of Stockholders held on April 26, 2022, we effected a further extension of the 382 Transfer Restrictions until April 19, 2026.  In addition, on February 14, 2020, we adopted an NOLs rights agreement, which was amended on March 4, 2022 and December 8, 2023 (the “Rights Agreement,” and as amended, the "Amended Rights Agreement"), to supplement the 382 Transfer Restrictions through April 19, 2026 and increase the exercise price, respectively. See “Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-Amended Rights Agreement.” We may engage in transactions or approve waivers of the 382 Transfer Restrictions or the Amended Rights Agreement that may cause an ownership shift. In doing so, we expect to first perform the calculations necessary to confirm that our ability to use our federal and state NOLs and other federal and state income tax attributes will not be affected or otherwise determine that such transactions or waivers are in our best interests. For example, under certain circumstances, the Board may determine it is in our best interest to exempt certain transactions from the operation of the 382 Transfer Restrictions and the Amended Rights Agreement, if such transaction is determined not to be detrimental to the utilization of our federal and state NOLs or otherwise in our best interests. These calculations are complex and reflect certain necessary assumptions. Accordingly, it is possible that we could approve or engage in a transaction involving our common stock that causes an ownership change and impairs the use of our federal and state NOLs and other federal and state income tax attributes. For more information, see “-Risks Related to the Ownership of Our Common Stock-We could engage in or approve transactions involving our common stock that adversely affect significant stockholders and our other stockholders.” 59 Certain U.S. federal income tax provisions currently available, including coal percentage depletion and foreign-derived intangible income, may be eliminated by future legislation. From time to time, legislation is proposed that could result in the reduction or elimination of certain U.S. federal income tax provisions currently available to companies engaged in the exploration, development, production and exportation of coal reserves. These proposals have included, but are not limited to: (1) the elimination of current deductions, (2) the repeal of the percentage depletion allowance or deductions under Code Section 250: Foreign-Derived Intangible Income. The passage of these or other similar proposals could increase our taxable income and negatively impact our cash flows and the value of an investment in our common stock. Risks Related to the Ownership of our Common Stock The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly and investors in our common stock could incur substantial losses. The market price of our common stock could fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, including: • our quarterly or annual earnings, or those of other companies in our industry; • actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating and financial results, including reserve estimates; • changes in accounting standards, policies, guidance, interpretations or principles; • the public reaction to our press releases, our other public announcements and our filings with the SEC; • announcements by us or our competitors of significant acquisitions, dispositions or innovations; • changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts following our stock, or the failure of securities analysts to cover our common stock; • changes in earnings estimates by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; • the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies; • declaration of bankruptcy by any of our customers or competitors; • general economic conditions, overall market fluctuations, and changes in the price of steelmaking coal, steel or other commodities; • additions or departures of key management personnel; • actions by our stockholders; • the trading volume of our common stock; • sales of our common stock by us or the perception that such sales may occur; and • changes in business, legal or regulatory conditions, or other developments affecting participants in, and publicity regarding, the steelmaking coal mining business, the domestic steel industry or any of our significant customers. 60 In particular, the realization of any of the risks described in these “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and contractors from performing normal and contracted activities. The extent to which a global pandemic or other widespread illness, ultimately affects our business, financial condition and results of operations will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted.  Such developments may include, with respect to any global pandemic or other widespread illness, the geographic spread of the virus, the severity of the disease, the duration of the outbreak, the actions that may be taken by various governmental authorities in response to the outbreak and the impact on the U.S. or global economy.  Pandemics or other widespread illnesses could result in governmental mandates requiring shutdowns of our facilities for indefinite periods; serious health issues and absenteeism within our workforce; and disruptions to our supply chain and distribution channels impacting both our vendors and customers.  As a result, we could face increased costs, decreased sales, or both.  If our production capacity or our ability to meet our supply needs is affected, our business and our financial results could be materially and adversely affected. Adverse changes in the general domestic and global economic conditions and disrupted domestic and international credit markets, could negatively affect our customers’ ability to pay us as well as their ability to access capital which could negatively affect their liquidity. Despite our efforts to manage these potential impacts, the ultimate impact would also depend on factors beyond our knowledge or control, including the duration and severity of the pandemic or widespread illness as well as third-party actions taken to contain its spread and mitigate its public health effects. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Deterioration in global economic conditions as they relate to the steelmaking industry, as well as generally unfavorable global economic, financial and business conditions, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and cash flows. Demand for steelmaking coal depends on domestic and foreign steel demand. As a result, if economic conditions in the global steelmaking industry deteriorate as they have in past years, the demand for steelmaking coal may decrease. In addition, the global financial markets have been experiencing volatility and disruption over the last several years. These markets have experienced, among other things, volatility in security prices, commodities and currencies, diminished liquidity and credit availability, rating downgrades and declining valuations of certain investments. Weaknesses in global economic conditions have had an adverse effect and could have a material adverse effect on the demand for our steelmaking coal and, in turn, on our sales, pricing and profitability. In addition, future governmental policy changes in foreign countries may be detrimental to the global coal market. For example, the Chinese government has from time to time implemented regulations and promulgated new laws or restrictions, such as the unofficial ban on Australian coal in November 2020, on their domestic coal industry, sometimes with little advance notice, which has impacted worldwide coal demand, supply and prices.  The ban on Australian coal has significantly impacted the global steelmaking coal market in recent years.  This unofficial ban was lifted in January 2023. During the past several years, the Chinese government has initiated a number of anti-smog measures aimed at reducing hazardous air emissions through temporary production capacity restrictions with the steel, coal and coal-fired power sectors. It is possible that policy changes from foreign countries may be detrimental to the global coal markets and, thus, impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. Additionally, we face risks related to ongoing wars, including the Russia-Ukraine war that began in February 2022 and the Israel-Hamas war that began in October 2023, as well as trade disruptions related to the conflicts in the Persian Gulf, the Red Sea and Venezuela.  The extent and duration of the military conflicts, resulting sanctions and other trade measures, and future market or supply disruptions in these and other regions, are impossible to predict, but could be significant and may 28 have a severe adverse effect on the region.  Globally, various governments, such as the European Union, have banned imports from Russia including commodities such as natural gas and coal.  These events significantly impacted coking coal markets by disrupting previously existing trading patterns and may lead to further volatility in the price of certain commodities, including steelmaking coal. The resulting volatility, including market expectations of potential changes in coal prices and inflationary pressures on steel products, including as a result of tariffs and other trade measures imposed on steel, may significantly affect prices for our coal or the cost of supplies and equipment. The wars, sanctions and other trade measures, as well as any escalation of the conflicts and future developments, could significantly affect coking coal prices and the demand for our coal.  This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, along with our operating costs, making it difficult to execute our planned capital expenditure program or complete the remaining development and ramp-up of Blue Creek.  Additionally, the geopolitical and macroeconomic consequences of the wars and associated sanctions and other trade measures cannot be predicted, but could severely impact the world economy.  If any of these events occur, the resulting political instability and societal disruption could reduce overall demand for our coal, causing a reduction in our revenues or an increase in our costs, which would materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. If steelmaking coal prices drop to or below levels experienced in 2015 and the first half of 2016 for a prolonged period or if there are further downturns in economic conditions, particularly in developing countries such as India, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be adversely affected. While we are focused on cost control and operational efficiencies, there can be no assurance that these actions, or any others we may take, will be sufficient in response to challenging economic and financial conditions. In addition, the current level of steelmaking coal prices may not be sustainable. Our business is subject to the risk of increases or fluctuations in the cost, including increases due to inflation, and delay in the delivery, of raw materials, mining equipment and purchased components that could increase our operating costs or delay our production. Met coal mining consumes large quantities of commodities including steel, copper, rubber products, diesel and other liquid fuels, and requires the use of capital equipment. Some commodities, such as steel, are needed to comply with roof control plans required by regulation. The cost of roof bolts we use in our mining operations depends on the price of scrap steel. The prices we pay for commodities and capital equipment are strongly impacted by the global market. A rapid or significant increase in the costs of commodities or capital equipment we use in our operations could impact our mining operations costs because we may have a limited ability to negotiate lower prices and, in some cases, may not have a ready substitute. Inflation rates in the U.S. recently increased to levels not seen in several years, and were even higher in the mining sector, which may result in decreased demand for our products, increases in our operating costs, constrained credit and liquidity, reduced government spending and volatility in financial markets.  Future increases in costs for supplies that are used directly or indirectly in the normal course of our business and increases in other operating costs, such as increases in steel prices, freight rates, labor and other materials and supplies may negatively impact our profitability. Tariffs (including retaliatory tariffs) could also increase the cost of equipment as well as the parts and components to service our equipment. Our efforts to recover inflation-based or tariff-based cost increases from suppliers or customers may be hampered as a result of the structure of our contracts and the contract bidding process as well as competitive pressure in the industry, economic conditions and the countries to which we sell our coal.  Accordingly, substantial inflation may have an adverse impact on our business, including the remaining development and ramp-up of Blue Creek, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.  Inflation has also resulted in higher interest rates in the U.S., which could increase our cost of debt borrowing in the future. 29 We use equipment in our steelmaking coal mining and transportation operations such as continuous mining units, conveyors, shuttle cars, rail cars, locomotives, roof bolters, shearers and shields. Some equipment and materials are needed to comply with regulations, such as proximity detection devices on continuous mining machines. We procure some of this equipment from a concentrated group of suppliers, and obtaining this equipment often involves long lead times.  Occasionally, demand for such equipment by mining companies can be high and some types of equipment may be in short supply. Delays in receiving or shortages of this equipment, as well as the raw materials used in the

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials, mining equipment and purchased components; • work stoppages, negotiation of labor contracts, employee relations and workforce availability; • competition and foreign currency fluctuations; • litigation, including claims not yet asserted; • terrorist attacks or security threats, including cybersecurity threats; • global steel demand and the downstream impact on steelmaking coal prices; • impact of weather and natural disasters on demand and production; • a substantial or extended decline in pricing or demand for steelmaking coal; • inherent difficulties and challenges in the coal mining industry that are beyond our control; • our ability to develop or acquire steelmaking coal reserves in an economically feasible manner; • geologic, equipment, permitting, site access, operational risks and new technologies related to mining; • inaccuracies in our estimates of our steelmaking coal reserves; • costs associated with our workers’ compensation benefits; • challenges to our licenses, permits and other authorizations; • challenges associated with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations; 1 • regulatory requirements associated with federal, state and local regulatory agencies, and such agencies’ authority to order temporary or permanent closure of our mines; • climate change concerns and our operations’ impact on the environment; • failure to obtain or renew surety bonds on acceptable terms, which could affect our ability to secure reclamation and coal lease obligations; • our obligations surrounding reclamation and mine closure; • our substantial indebtedness and debt service requirements; • our ability to comply with covenants in our First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Facility (the “Amended ABL Facility”) and the Indenture (as defined below); • adequate liquidity and the cost, availability and access to capital and financial markets; • our expectations regarding our future cash tax rate as well as our ability to effectively utilize our federal and state net operating loss carry forwards (“NOLs”); • our ability to continue paying our quarterly dividend or pay any special dividend; • the timing and amount of any stock repurchases we make under our stock repurchase program or otherwise; • any consequences related to our transfer restrictions under our certificate of incorporation and our Rights Agreement (as defined below); • geopolitical events, including the effects of the Russia-Ukraine war; • the inability to transport our products to customers due to rail performance issues or the impact of weather and mechanical failures at the McDuffie Terminal at the Port of Mobile in Alabama; and • other factors, including the other factors discussed in “

