TICKER: HOLO
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain. We have strong relationships with our suppliers
due to our market position, substantial purchasing scale, national footprint and rich customer resources. We believe we are one of the
largest volume customers for many of our suppliers, leading to favorable purchasing arrangements regarding product availability, payment
terms and pricing. Our size and scale, supplier relationships, and technical knowledge of products and services enable us to receive
favorable treatment. Our largest single supplier represented 13.8% of expenditures in fiscal 2022, and our top ten suppliers represented
71.4% of total product expenditures during the same period.  We strategically conduct business with our top suppliers in order to optimize
our scale advantages, but we also have the flexibility to source the majority of our purchase from a number of alternate suppliers when
necessary. Employees As
of December 31, 2022, we had 101 full-time employees and we did not have part-time employees. All our employees are based in China. 17 The
following table sets forth the number of our employees as of December 31, 2022: Function full-time employees Research and Development 68 Business and Marketing 22 Administrative, Human Resources and Finance 11 Total 101 Under the PRC law, we participate in various employee social security plans organized by municipal and provincial government for our PRC-based full-time employees, including pension unemployment insurance, childbirth insurance, work-related injury insurance, medical insurance, and housing fund. We are required under PRC law to pay specified percentages of the salaries, bonuses, and certain allowances to the employee benefit plans for our PRC-based full-time employees on a monthly basis, with the maximum amount determined by the local governments in China. We sign labor contracts and standard confidentiality and non-compete agreements with our key employees. We believe that we maintain a good working relationship with our employees with no labor disputes. None of our employees are represented by labor unions. Applicable Government Regulations Laws and Regulations Relating to Foreign Investment According to the Provisions on Guiding the Direction of Foreign Investment, which took effect on April 1, 2002, industries in the PRC are classified into four categories: “permitted foreign investment industries”, “encouraged foreign investment industries”, “restricted foreign investment industries” and “prohibited foreign investment industries”. “Encouraged foreign investment industries”, “restricted foreign investment industries” and “prohibited foreign investment industries” are stipulated in the Catalog. Industries which do not fall in any of these three categories are regarded as “permitted foreign investment industries”. The Catalog is promulgated and is amended by the NDRC and the MOFCOM. The Negative List, which was last amended on June 23, 2020 and subsequently enforced on July 23, 2020 by the NDRC and the MOFCOM and replace the Catalog, sets forth management measures for the market entry of foreign investors, such as equity requirements and senior manager requirements. According to the Negative List, any internet cultural activities (except for the provision of music) is a foreign investment prohibited industry, and foreign-invested shares of value-added telecommunications services must not exceed 50% (excluding e-commerce, domestic multi-party communications services, store and forward services and call center services) of the business. An enterprise which establishes, operates and manages within the Chinese territory is subject to the PRC Company Law last amended on October 26, 2018. The PRC Company Law is also applicable to a foreign investment company. Nevertheless, where there are other special laws relating to foreign investment, such laws shall prevail. The procedures for the establishment of a wholly foreign-owned enterprise, the verification, registration and approval procedures, registered capital requirements, foreign exchange restrictions, accounting practices, taxation and labor matters are subject to the Law on Wholly Foreign-invested Enterprises of the PRC, which was last amended on September 3, 2016 and subsequently enforced on October 1, 2016 and the Implementation Regulations for Law on Wholly Foreign-invested Enterprises of the PRC, which was last amended on February 19, 2014 and subsequently enforced on March 1, 2014 and Provisional Administration Measures for the Registration of the Formation and Changes of Foreign Invested Enterprises (the “Measures”) which was last amended on June 29, 2018 and subsequently enforced on June 30, 2018. According to the Measures, where the incorporation of foreign-invested enterprises does not fall within the scope of the Negative List, such enterprises shall file and submit the record-filing information on the incorporation of foreign-invested enterprises simultaneously when they go through the registration procedures for incorporation. Within the record-filing scope of the Measures, in the case of a change of basic information of the foreign-invested enterprises or their investors, a change of equity (shares) or cooperation interest of the foreign-invested enterprises, merger, division or dissolution, mortgage or transfer of foreign invested enterprise’s property or rights and interests to others and other matters, the foreign-invested enterprise shall file the relevant documents online within 30 days upon occurrence of such changes via the comprehensive administrative system. 18 On December 30, 2019, the MOC and the State Administration of Market Regulation issued the Measures for the Reporting of Foreign Investment Information, which came into effect on January 1, 2020 and replaced the Measures. Since January 1, 2020, for foreign investors carrying out investment activities directly or indirectly in China, the foreign investors or foreign-invested enterprises shall submit investment information to the commerce authorities pursuant to these measures. On March 15, 2019, the NPC approved the Foreign Investment Law, which became effective on January 1, 2020, and replaced the Sino-foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law, the Sino-foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law and the Wholly Foreign-invested Enterprises Law. On December 26, 2019, the State Council issued the Regulations on Implementing the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC, which came into effect on January 1, 2020, and replaced the Regulations on Implementing the Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law, Provisional Regulations on the Duration of Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law, the Regulations on Implementing the Wholly Foreign-Invested Enterprise Law, and the Regulations on Implementing the Sino-foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law. Under the Foreign Investment Law, the State shall implement the management systems of pre-establishment national treatment and negative list for foreign investment, according to which the treatment given to foreign investors and their investments during the investment access stage shall be not lower than that given to their domestic counterparts, and the State shall give national treatment to foreign investment beyond the negative list where special administrative measures for the access of foreign investment in specific fields is specified. Besides, the State shall protect foreign investors’ investment, earnings and other legitimate rights and interests within the territory of China in accordance with the law. The state will take measures to prompt foreign investment such as ensuring fair competition for foreign-invested enterprises to participate in government procurement activities, and protection of intellectual property rights of foreign investors and foreign-invested enterprises. Industry Catalog Relating to Foreign Investment Industries listed in the Catalog are divided into three categories: encouraged, restricted and prohibited. Industries not listed in the Catalog are generally deemed as constituting a fourth “permitted” category. Establishment of wholly foreign-owned enterprises is generally allowed in encouraged and permitted industries. Some restricted industries are limited to equity or contractual joint ventures, while in some cases Chinese partners are required to hold the majority interests in such joint ventures. In addition, restricted category projects are subject to higher-level government approvals. Foreign investors are not allowed to invest in industries in the prohibited category. Industries not listed in the Catalog are generally open to foreign investment unless specifically restricted by other PRC regulations. On March 15, 2019, the National People’s Congress adopted the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC, which became effective on January 1, 2020 and replaced three existing laws regulating foreign investment in China, namely, the Wholly Foreign-Invested Enterprise Law of the PRC, the Sino-Foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law of the PRC and the Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law of the PRC, together with their implementation rules and ancillary regulations. On December 26, 2019, the State Council issued the Regulations on Implementing the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC, which came into effect on January 1, 2020, and replaced the Regulations on Implementing the Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law of the PRC, Provisional Regulations on the Duration of Sino-Foreign Equity Joint Venture Enterprise Law, the Regulations on Implementing the Wholly Foreign-Invested Enterprise Law of the PRC, and the Regulations on Implementing the Sino-Foreign Cooperative Joint Venture Enterprise Law of the PRC. The Foreign Investment Law of the PRC embodies an expected PRC regulatory trend to rationalize its foreign investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing international practice and the legislative efforts to unify the corporate legal requirements for both foreign and domestic investments. However, since it is relatively new, uncertainties still exist in relation to its interpretation and implementation. For example, the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC adds a catch-all clause to the definition of “foreign investment” so that foreign investment, by its definition, includes “investments made by foreign investors in China through other means defined by other laws or administrative regulations or provisions promulgated by the State Council” without further elaboration on the meaning of “other means.” On June 30, 2019, the MOFCOM and the NDRC promulgated the Special Management Measures (Negative List) for the Access of Foreign Investment, or the Negative List, which took effective from July 30, 2019. The Negative List expands the scope of industries in which foreign investment is permitted by reducing the number of industries that fall within the Negative List. Foreign investment in value-added telecommunications services (other than e-commerce, domestic multi-party communications, store-and-forward and call center), including internet data center services, still falls within the Negative List. 19 On August 8, 2006, six PRC regulatory agencies, including the MOFCOM, the State-Owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission, or the SASAC, the State Administration of Taxation, or the SAT, the SAIC, the CSRC, and the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or the SAFE jointly adopted the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M&A Rules, which came into effect on September 8, 2006 and were amended on June 22, 2009. The M&A Rules include, among other things, provisions that purport to require that an offshore special purpose vehicle formed for the purpose of an overseas listing of securities in a PRC company obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to the listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle’s securities on an overseas stock exchange. On September 21, 2006, the CSRC published on its official website procedures regarding its approval of overseas listings by special purpose vehicles. However, substantial uncertainty remains regarding the scope and applicability of the M&A Rules to offshore special purpose vehicles. Our PRC subsidiaries are mainly engaged in providing technical services, which fall into the “encouraged” or “permitted” category under the Catalog. Our PRC subsidiaries have obtained all material approvals required for our business operations. Specifically, Our PRC subsidiaries engaged in holographic advertising business mainly provide holographic technical services to customers in the advertising industry. According to the Regulations of the People’s Republic of China on Telecommunications promulgated by the State Council of the People’s Republic of China on February 6, 2016 (the “Regulations”), “value-added telecommunications services” refers to the provision of additional telecommunications and information services by using public network infrastructure. In addition, the Classification Catalogue of Telecommunications Services (the “Classification”) annexed to the Regulations provides a list of telecommunications services that fall within the definition of “value-added telecommunications services.” Our holographic advertising service does not use public network infrastructure to provide additional services and is not within the list provided by the Classification, and accordingly does not fall into the category of “value-added telecommunications services” as governed by the Regulations. Anti-money Laundering Regulations The PRC Anti-money Laundering Law, which was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress in October 2006 and became effective in January 2007, sets forth the principal anti-money laundering requirements applicable to financial institutions as well as non-financial institutions with anti-money laundering obligations, including the adoption of precautionary and supervisory measures, establishment of various systems for client identification, retention of clients’ identification information and transactions records, and reports on large transactions and suspicious transactions. According to the PRC Anti-money Laundering Law, conducts of money-laundering includes dissimulating, concealing through various means the source and nature of gains and profits from drug offences, organized gangsterdom crime, terrorist activities, smuggling, corruption and bribery, disruption of financial order, and financial fraud. Financial institutions subject to the PRC Anti-money Laundering Law include duly established policy banks, commercial banks, credit unions, postal saving organizations, trust investment companies, securities companies, futures brokerage companies, insurance companies and other institutions engaging in financial business as determined and published by the competent anti-money laundering administrative authorities of the State Council, while the list of the non-financial institutions with anti-money laundering obligations will be published by the State Council. The PBOC and other governmental authorities issued a series of administrative rules and regulations to specify the anti-money laundering obligations of financial institutions and certain non-financial institutions, such as payment institutions. The Guidelines jointly released by ten PRC regulatory agencies in July 2015, purport, among other things, to require internet financial service providers, including online lending information intermediaries, to comply with certain anti-money laundering requirements, including the establishment of a customer identification program, the monitoring and reporting of suspicious transactions, the preservation of customer information and transaction records, and the provision of assistance to the public security department and judicial authority in investigations and proceedings in relation to anti-money laundering matters. The Interim Measures jointly issued by four PRC regulatory agencies in August 2016 require the online lending information intermediaries, among other things, to comply with certain anti-money laundering obligations, including verifying customer identification, reporting suspicious transactions and preserving customer information and transaction records. The Custodian Guidelines issued by PBOC in February 2017 require the online lending platforms to set up custody accounts with commercial banks and comply with the anti-money laundry requirements of the relevant commercial banks. In cooperation with our partnering custody banks and payment companies, we have adopted various policies and procedures for anti-money laundering purposes. 20 Regulations Relating to Overseas Listings In August 2006, six PRC regulatory authorities, including the China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, jointly adopted the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, or the M&A Rules, amended in June 2009. The M&A Rules, among other things, require that if an overseas company established or controlled by PRC companies or individuals, or PRC Citizens, intends to acquire equity interests or assets of any other PRC domestic company affiliated with the PRC Citizens, such acquisition must be submitted to the MOFCOM for approval. The M&A Rules also require that an Overseas SPV formed for overseas listing purposes and controlled directly or indirectly by the PRC Citizens shall obtain the approval of the CSRC prior to overseas listing and trading of such Overseas SPV’s securities on an overseas stock exchange. On
February 17, 2023, the CSRC issued the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies,
or the Trial Measures, which will become effective on March 31, 2023. On the same date of the issuance of the Trial Measures, the CSRC
circulated No.1 to No.5 Supporting Guidance Rules, the Notes on the Trial Measures, the Notice on Administration Arrangements for the
Filing of Overseas Listings by Domestic Enterprises and the relevant CSRC Answers to Reporter Questions on the official website of the
CSRC, or collectively, the Guidance Rules and Notice. The Trial Measures, together with the Guidance Rules and Notice, reiterate the
basic supervision principles as reflected in the Draft Overseas Listing Regulations by providing substantially the same requirements
for filings of overseas offerings and listings by domestic companies, yet made the following updates compared to the Draft Overseas Listing
Regulations: (a) further clarification of the circumstances prohibiting overseas issuances and listings; (b) further clarification of
the standard of indirect overseas listings under the principle of substance over form, and (c) adding more details of filing procedures
and requirements by setting different filing requirements for different types of overseas offerings and listings. Under the Trial Measures
and the Guidance Rules and Notice, domestic companies conducting overseas securities offering and listing activities, either in direct
or indirect form, shall complete filing procedures with the CSRC pursuant to the requirements of the Trial Measures within three working
days following the submission of initial public offering or listing applications. Based on our understanding of the current PRC laws and regulations, we reasonably believe that we currently are not be required to submit an application to the CSRC for the approval of our  listing and trading on the Nasdaq. However, there are substantial uncertainties as to how the M&A Rules will be interpreted or implemented in the context of an overseas offering, and its opinions summarized above are subject to any new laws, rules and regulations or detailed implementations and interpretations in any form relating to the M&A Rules. Laws and Regulations Relating to Marketing Business The Advertising Law of the PRC (the “Advertising Law”), which took effect on February 1, 1995 and was last amended on October 26, 2018, regulates contents of advertisements, codes of conduct for advertisers, and the supervision and administration of the advertising industry. It also stipulates that advertisers, advertising operators, and advertisement publishers shall abide by the Advertising Law and other laws and regulations, be honest and trustworthy, and compete in a fair manner in advertising business. According to the Advertising Law, if advertising operators know or should have known the content of the advertisements is false or deceptive but still provide advertising design, production and agency services in connection with the advertisement, they might be subject to penalties, including confiscation of revenue and fines, and the competent PRC authority may suspend or revoke their business licenses. The Interim Measures for the Administration of Internet Advertising (the “Interim Measures on Internet Advertising”), which took effect on September 1, 2016, regulate advertising activities conducted via the internet. According to the Interim Measures on Internet Advertising, advertisements published or distributed via the internet shall not interfere with users’ normal use of the internet. For example, advertisements published on web page pop-up windows or in others forms shall be clearly marked with a “close” sign to ensure a “Click to close”. No entity or individual may induce users to click on the contents of an advertisement through deception. An internet advertisement publisher or advertising operator shall establish and maintain an acceptable registration, examination and file management system for its advertisers; examine, verify and record the identity information of each advertiser. The Interim Measures on Internet Advertising also require internet advertisement publishers and advertising operators to verify related supporting documents, check the contents of the advertisement and prohibits them from designing, producing, providing services or publishing any advertisement if the content and supporting documents do not match each other or the documentary evidence thereof are insufficient. Laws and Regulations Relating to Information Security and Privacy Protection Internet content in the PRC is regulated and restricted from a state security standpoint. The Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress (the “SCNPC”) enacted the Decisions on the Maintenance of Internet Security, which took effect on December 28, 2000 and was last amended on August 27, 2009, to subject persons to criminal liabilities in the PRC for any attempt to (i) gain improper entry to a computer or system of strategic importance; (ii) disseminate politically disruptive information; (iii) leak state secrets; (iv) spread false commercial information; or (v) infringe intellectual property rights. The Administration Measures on the Security Protection of Computer Information Network with International Connections, which took effect on December 30, 1997 and was last amended on January 8, 2011, prohibit using the internet in ways which, among others, result in a leakage of state secrets or a spread of socially destabilizing content. The Provisions on the Technical Measures for the Protection of the Security of the Internet, which was promulgated by the MPS and took effect on March 1, 2006, require internet service providers to take proper measures including anti-virus, data back-up and other related measures, to keep records of certain information about its users (including users registration information, log-in and log-out time, IP address, content and time of posts by users) for at least 60 days, and to detect illegal information, stop transmission of such information, and keep relevant records. If an internet information service provider violates these measures, the MPS and the local security bureaus may revoke its operating license and shut down its website. In accordance with the Circular of the Ministry of Public Security, the State Secrecy Bureau, the State Cipher Code Administration and The Information Office of the State Council on Printing and Distributing the Administrative Measures for the Graded Protection of Information Security which took effect on June 22, 2007, the security protection grade of an information system may be classified into the five grades. To newly build an information system of Grade II or above, its operator or user shall, within 30 days after it is put into operation, handle the record-filing procedures at the local public security organ at the level of municipality divided into districts or above of its locality. 21 On December 28, 2012, the SCNPC promulgated the Decision on Strengthening Network Information Protection to enhance the legal protection of information security and privacy on the internet. On July 16, 2013, the MIIT promulgated the Provisions on Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet Users, which took effect on September 1, 2013, to regulate the collection and use of users’ personal information in the provision of telecommunication services and internet information services in PRC and the personal information includes a user’s name, birth date, identification card number, address, phone number, account number, password and other information that can be used for identifying a user and time and place the user uses the aforementioned service. Telecommunication business operators and internet service providers are required to establish its own rules for collecting and use of user’s information and cannot collect or use users’ information without users’ consent. Telecommunication business operators and internet service providers are prohibited from disclosing, tampering with, damaging, selling or illegally providing others with, collected personal information. Several Provisions on Regulation of the Market Order of Internet Information Service, which took effect on March 15, 2012, stipulate that without the consent of users, internet information service providers shall not collect information relevant to the users that can lead to the recognition of the identity of the users independently or in combination with other information, nor shall they provide personal information of users to others, unless otherwise provided by laws and administrative regulations. In accordance with the Cyber Security Law of the PRC, which took effect on June 1, 2017, network operators shall comply with relevant laws and regulations and fulfill their obligations to safeguard security of the network when conducting business and providing services. Those who provide services through networks shall take technical measures and other necessary measures pursuant to laws, regulations and compulsory national requirements to safeguard the safe and stable operation of the networks, respond to network security incidents effectively, prevent illegal and criminal activities, and maintain the integrity, confidentiality and usability of network data, and the network operator shall not collect the personal information irrelevant to the services it provides or collect or use the personal information in violation of the provisions of laws or agreements between both parties, and network operators of key information infrastructure shall store within the territory of the PRC all the personal information and important data collected and produced within the territory of the PRC. The purchase of network products and services that may affect national security shall be subject to national cyber security review. The Measures for Cyber security Review, which took effect on June 1, 2020, provide for more detailed rules regarding cyber security review requirements. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, operators of critical information infrastructure must pass a cybersecurity review when purchasing network products and services which do or may affect national security. On July 10, 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China issued a revised draft of the Measures for Cybersecurity Review for public comments (“Draft Measures”), which required that, in addition to “operator of critical information infrastructure,” any “data processor” carrying out data processing activities that affect or may affect national security should also be subject to cybersecurity review, and further elaborated the factors to be considered when assessing the national security risks of the relevant activities, including, among others, (i) the risk of core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being stolen, leaked, destroyed, and illegally used or exited the country; and (ii) the risk of critical information infrastructure, core data, important data or a large amount of personal information being affected, controlled, or maliciously used by foreign governments after listing abroad. The Cyberspace Administration of China has said that under the proposed rules companies holding data on more than 1,000,000 users must now apply for cybersecurity approval when seeking listings in other nations because of the risk that such data and personal information could be “affected, controlled, and maliciously exploited by foreign governments.” The cybersecurity review will also investigate the potential national security risks from overseas IPOs. On May 8, 2017, the Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme People’s Procuratorate released the Interpretations of the Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme People’s Procurator ate on Several Issues Concerning the Application of Law in the Handling of Criminal Cases Involving Infringement of Citizens’ Personal Information (the “Interpretations”), which took effect on June 1, 2017. The Interpretations clarify several concepts regarding the crime of “infringement of citizens’ personal information” stipulated by Article 253A of the Criminal Law of the People’s Republic of China, including “citizen’s personal information”, “provision”, and “unlawful acquisition”. Also, the Interpretations specify the standards for determining “serious circumstances” and “particularly serious circumstances” of this crime. On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the NPC promulgated the PRC Data Security Law, which will take effect on September 1, 2021. The Data Security Law also sets forth the data security protection obligations for entities and individuals handling personal data, including that no entity or individual may acquire such data by stealing or other illegal means, and the collection and use of such data should not exceed the necessary limits. On August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the NPC approved the Personal Information Protection Law (“PIPL”), which will become effective on November 1, 2021. The PIPL curbs collection of personal identifiable information and seeks to address the issue of algorithmic discrimination. Violations of the PIPL may result in warnings and forced corrections, confiscation of corresponding income, suspension of related services, and fines. 22 Laws and Regulations Relating to Intellectual Property Right Trademarks Pursuant to the Trademark Law of the PRC which was last amended on April 23, 2019 and subsequently enforced on November 1, 2019, and the Implementation Rules of the PRC Trademark Law which was last amended on April 29, 2014 and subsequently enforced on May 1, 2014, a registered trademark means a trademark that has been approved by and registered with the trademark office, including goods trademarks, service trademarks, collective trademarks and certification trademarks. Twelve months prior to the expiration of the 10-year term, an applicant can renew its trademarks and reapply for trademark protection. A registered trademark is valid for 10 years commencing on the date of registration approval and renewal shall be made within 12 months before the expiration. If such an application cannot be filed within that period, an extension period of six months may be granted. To license a registered trademark, the licensor should file the licensing documents of the licensed trademark with the trademark bureau, and the trademark bureau shall gazette the licensing. Non-filing of the licensing of a trademark shall not be contested against a good faith third party. The following acts shall constitute infringement of the exclusive right to use a registered trademark: (1) using a trademark that is identical or similar to a registered trademark of the same type of commodities or similar commodities without a license from the registrant of that trademark; (2) selling commodities that infringe upon the exclusive right to use a registered trademark; (3) forging or manufacturing without authorization the marks of a registered trademark, or selling marks of a registered trademark that are forged or manufactured without authorization; (4) changing another party’s registered trademark and putting the commodities with the changed trademark into the market without the consent of the holder of that trademark; or (5) other conduct that would hinder another party’s exclusive right to use its registered trademark. Patents In accordance with the Patent Law of the PRC, which was last amended December 27, 2008 and subsequently enforced on October 1, 2009 and the Implementation Rules for the Implementation of the Patent Law of the PRC, which was last amended on January 9, 2010 and subsequently enforced on February 1, 2010, patent is divided in to 3 categories, i.e., invention patent, design patent and utility model patent. The duration of the invention patent right is 20 years, and the duration of the design patent right and utility model patent right is 10 years, which shall begin from the date of filing. An individual or entity who uses patent without the license of the patent holder, counterfeits patent products or engages in patent infringement activities shall be held liable for compensation to the patent holder and may be imposed a fine, or even subject to criminal liabilities. Copyright According to the Copyright Law of the PRC, which took effect on June 1, 1991, and was last amended November 11, 2020 and subsequently enforced on June 1, 2021, copyright includes computer software, and the Copyright Protection Centre of China provide a voluntary register system for copyright. According to the Regulation on Computer Software Protection, which took effect on October 1, 1991 and was last amended on January 30, 2013 and subsequently enforced on March 1, 2013, the software copyright shall exist from the date on which its development has been completed, and software copyright owner may register with the software registration institution recognized by the copyright administration department of the State Council. On February 20, 2002, the National Copyright Administration of the PRC issued the Measures on Computer Software Copyright Registration, which outlines the operational procedures for registration of software copyright, as well as registration of the license for the software copyright and software copyright transfer contracts. The Copyright Protection Center of the PRC is mandated as the software registration agency under the regulations. Domain Names In accordance with the Measures for the Administration of Internet Domain Names, which took effect on November 1, 2017 and the Implementation Rules on Registration of National Domain Names, the Measures on Dispute Resolution of National Domain Names, the Proceeding Rules on Dispute Resolution of National Domain Names, which took effect on June 18, 2019, domain name registrations are handled through domain name service agencies established under the relevant regulations, and the applicants become domain name holders upon successful registration. 23 Laws and Regulations Relating to Labor Protection In accordance with the Labor Law of the PRC, which was last amended on December 29, 2018, and the Labor Contract Law of the PRC, which took effect on January 1, 2008 and was last amended on December 28, 2012 and subsequently enforced on July 1, 2013, and the Implementation Regulation of the Labor Contract Law of the PRC which took effect on September 18, 2008, labor contracts in written form shall be executed to establish labor relationships between employers and employees. Employers shall establish and develop labor rules, regulations and systems according to the PRC laws to protect the rights and ensure the performance of duties of employees, and career development and training systems shall be established. Employers shall also set up and develop the labor safety and health system in strict compliance with the rules and standards of labor safety and sanitation of the PRC and provide education on labor safety and sanitation for the employees to prevent work-related accidents and occupational harm. Laws and Regulations Relating to Social Insurance and Housing Provident Fund In accordance with the Law of Social Insurance of the PRC which took effect on July 1, 2011 and was last amended on December 29, 2018, the Provisional Regulation on the Collection and Payment of Social Insurance Premiums which took effect on January 22, 1999 and was last amended on March 24, 2019, the Decision of the State Council on the Establishment of Basic Medical Insurance System for Urban Workers which took effect on December 14, 1998, the Decisions of the State Council on the Establishment of Unified System of Basic Retirement Insurance Fund for the Employees of Enterprises which took effect on July 16, 1997, the Regulations of Insurance for Work-Related Injury which was amended on December 20, 2010 and subsequently enforced on January 1, 2011, the Regulations of Insurance for Unemployment which took effect on January 22, 1999, the Provisional Insurance Measures for Maternity of Employees which took effect on January 1, 1995 and the Regulations on Management of Housing Provident Fund which took effect on April 3, 1999 and was last amended on March 24, 2019, employers shall make payments of the basic medical insurance, basic retirement insurance, insurance for work-related injury, unemployment insurance, maternity insurance and housing provident fund for the employees. If the employer fails to file the registration for social insurance, the social insurance administration authority shall order it to make rectification within a prescribed time limit. If rectification is not made within the prescribed time limit, the employer will be imposed a fine. If the employer does not pay the full amount of the Social Insurance as scheduled, the social insurance collection institution shall order it to pay within a prescribed time limit together with a late fee. If the payment including the late fee is not settled by the prescribed time limit, the employer will be imposed a fine. If the employer fails to file the registration for the housing provident fund, the housing provident fund administration center shall order the employer to pay the amount of the housing provident fund as specified under the relevant laws and regulations within a prescribed time limit, and if the employer still fails to pay up within the prescribed time limit, the fund administration center may apply to the court for enforcement of the unpaid amount. According to the Reform Scheme of Tax Collection and Management System of State Tax and Local Tax which took effect on July 20, 2018, the social insurance collection and management authority was to be transferred from the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security to the SAT from January 1, 2019. On September 18, 2018, the general meeting of State Council announced that the policies for social insurance shall remain unchanged until the transfer of the authority for social insurance has been completed. On September 21, 2018, the Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security released an Urgent Notice on Enforcing the Requirement of the General Meeting of the State Council and Stabilization the Levy of Social Insurance Payment and required that the policies for both the rate and basis of social insurance contributions shall remain unchanged until the reform on the transfer of the authority for social insurance has been completed. On November 16, 2018, the SAT released the Notice of Certain Measures on Further Supporting and Serving the Development of Private Economy, which provided that the policy for social insurance shall remain stable and the SAT will pursue to lower the social insurance contribution rates with the relevant authorities, and ensure the overall burden of social insurance contribution on enterprises will be lowered. 24 Laws and Regulations Relating to Taxation Corporate Income Tax In accordance with the EIT Laws (defined thereafter), which took effect on January 1, 2008 and was last amended on December 29, 2018 and the Implementation Regulation for the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC which took effect on January 1, 2008 and was last amended on April 23, 2019 (collectively, the “EIT Laws”), taxpayers consist of resident enterprises and non-resident enterprises. Resident enterprises are defined as enterprises that are established in China in accordance with the PRC laws, or that are established in accordance with the laws of foreign countries (or regions) but whose actual or de facto control entity is within the PRC. Non-resident enterprises are defined as enterprises that are set up in accordance with the laws of foreign countries (or regions) and whose actual administration is conducted outside the PRC, but (i) have entities or premises in China, or (ii) have no entities or premises in China but have income generated from China. According to the EIT Laws, foreign invested enterprises in the PRC are subject to corporate income tax at a uniform rate of 25%. For a non-resident enterprise having no office or establishment inside China, or for a non-resident enterprise whose incomes have no actual connection to its institution or establishment inside China, a withholding tax of 10% will be levied for the income derived from China. The Notice Regarding the Determination of Chinese-Controlled Offshore Incorporated Enterprises as PRC Tax Resident Enterprises on the Basis of De Facto Management Bodies promulgated by the SAT and last amended on December 29, 2017 sets out the standards and procedures for determining whether the “de facto management body” of an enterprise registered outside of the PRC and controlled by PRC enterprises or PRC enterprise groups is located within the PRC. In accordance with the EIT Laws, a high-tech enterprise which has independent intellectual property rights and complies with the rules of corporate income tax and other relevant laws and regulations enjoys a reduced corporate income tax rate of 15%. The specific standards and procedures for the management of identification of high-tech enterprises are stipulated in the Measures for the Administration of the Certification of High-tech Enterprises which were jointly issued by the Ministry of Science and Technology, the MOF and the SAT on April 14, 2008, took retroactive effect on January 1, 2008 and were amended on January 29, 2016, took retroactive effect on January 1, 2016. Dividend Tax Pursuant to the EIT Laws, income from equity investment between qualified PRC resident enterprises such as dividends and bonuses, which refers to investment income derived by a resident enterprise from its direct investment in another resident enterprise, is tax-exempt. In addition, pursuant to the Arrangement between Mainland China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income which took effect in the PRC on January 1, 2007, the PRC resident enterprise which distributes dividends to its Hong Kong shareholders should pay income tax according to the PRC law. However, if the beneficiary of the dividends is a Hong Kong resident enterprise, which directly holds no less than 25% equity interests of the aforesaid enterprise (i.e., the dividend distributor), the tax levied shall be 5% of the distributed dividends. Pursuant to the Circular of the State Administration of Taxation on Relevant Issues relating to the Implementation of Dividend Clauses in Tax Agreements which took effect on February 20, 2009, all of the following requirements shall be satisfied in order to enjoy the preferential tax rates provided under the tax agreements: (i) the tax resident that receives dividends should be a company as provided in the tax agreement; (ii) the equity interests and voting shares of the PRC resident company directly owned by the tax resident reach the percentages specified in the tax agreement; and (iii) the equity interests of the Chinese resident company directly owned by such tax resident at any time during the twelve months prior to receiving the dividends reach a percentage specified in the tax agreement. On February 3, 2018, the SAT issued the Notice on Certain Issues regarding Beneficial Owner in Tax Treaties which took effect on April 1, 2018 provides clearer guidelines and adopts comprehensive assessment approaches when determining whether a company can be qualified as Beneficial Owner, so as to enjoy the preferential tax rate on dividends. 25 Pursuant to Notice on Widening the Applicable Scope of the Policy of Temporary Exemption of Withholding Taxes on the Direct Investment Made by Overseas Investors with Distributed Profits which took effect on January 1, 2018, where the profits distributed by a resident enterprise within the territory of China to an overseas investor are directly invested in an investment project which is not in the prohibited category and is in conformity with the specified conditions, the project shall be governed by the deferred tax payment policy and be temporarily exempt from withholding income tax. VAT According to the Provisional Regulations on Value-added Tax of the PRC which took effect on January 1, 1994 and was last amended on November 19, 2017, and the Provisional Implementation Rules of the Provisional Regulations on Value-added Tax of the PRC which was last amended on October 28, 2011 and subsequently enforced on November 1, 2011, all enterprises and individuals that engage in the sale of goods, the provision of processing, repair and replacement services, and the importation of goods within the territory of the PRC shall pay VAT. According to the Circular on Comprehensively Promoting the Pilot Program of the Collection of VAT in Lieu of Business Tax, which took effect on May 1, 2016, the pilot practice of levying VAT in lieu of business tax was extended nationwide to the sale of services, intangible assets or property. According to the Circular of the Ministry of Finance (the “MOF”) and SAT on Adjusting Value-added Tax Rates which took effect on May 1, 2018, where a taxpayer engages in a taxable sales activity for the VAT purpose or imports goods, the previous applicable 17% and 11% tax rates are adjusted to be 16% and 10% respectively, and are further adjusted to be 13% and 9% respectively in accordance with the Announcement of the MOF, the SAT and the General Administration of Customs on Deepening the Policies Related to Value-Added Tax Reform which took effect on April 1, 2019. Urban Maintenance and Construction Tax as well as Education Surtax In accordance with the Provisional Provisions on the Collection of Educational Surtax, which was last amended on January 8, 2011, all entities and individuals who pay consumption tax, VAT and business tax shall also be required to pay educational surtax. The educational surtax rate is 3% of the amount of VAT, business tax and consumption tax actually paid by each entity or individual, and the educational surtax shall be paid simultaneously with VAT, business tax and consumption tax. In accordance with the Provisional Regulations on Urban Maintenance and Construction Tax of the PRC which was last amended on January 8, 2011 and Circular of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Concerning the Collection of the Urban Maintenance and Construction Tax, which took effect on March 12, 1994, any entity or individual liable to consumption tax, VAT and business tax shall also be required to pay urban maintenance and construction tax. Payment of urban maintenance and construction tax shall be based on the consumption tax, VAT and business tax which a taxpayer actually pays and shall be made simultaneously when the latter are paid. The rates of urban maintenance and construction tax shall be 7%, 5% and 1% for a taxpayer in a city, in a county town or town and in a place other than a city, county town or town respectively. Laws and Regulations Relating to Foreign Exchange In accordance with the Foreign Exchange Administrative Regulations of the PRC which was last amended on August 5, 2008, Renminbi is generally freely convertible for payments of current account items, such as trade and service-related foreign exchange transactions and dividend payments, but are not freely convertible for capital account items, such as capital transfer, direct investment, investment in securities, derivative products or loans unless prior approval/registration of the SAFE is obtained. In accordance with the Administration Rule on the Settlement and Sale of and Payment in Foreign Exchange, which took effect on July 1, 1996, a foreign invested enterprise is allowed to process the settlement and sale of and payment in foreign exchange for capital account items after submitting valid commercial documents and getting approval from the SAFE. According to the Circular 13, which took effect on June 1, 2015, certain of the aforementioned approval rights of the SAFE are authorized to designated banks. Pursuant to the Circular 19 which took effect on June 1, 2015, and the Notice of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Reforming and Standardizing the Administrative Provisions on Capital Account Foreign Exchange Settlement which took effect on June 9, 2016, whose main business is investment, are allowed to make equity investment in PRC using the Renminbi funds converted from its registered capital. Meanwhile, the use of such Renminbi funds converted cannot be: 26 ● directly or indirectly used for the payment beyond the business scope of the enterprises or any payment prohibited by national laws and regulations; ● unless otherwise provided by laws and regulations, directly or indirectly used or investment in securities or other financial products investment (except the bank capital-protection products); ● granting loans to non-related enterprises unless permitted under the scope of business; or ● for construction or purchase of real estate not for self-use, save for real estate enterprises. In October 2019, the SAFE released the Notice on Further Promoting the Facilitation of Cross-border Trade and Investment, which, among others, cancelled the restrictions on the domestic equity investment by non-investment foreign-funded enterprises with their capital funds and non-investment foreign-funded enterprises are allowed to make domestic equity investment with their capital funds in accordance with the law on the premise that the existing special administrative measures (Negative List) for foreign investment access are not violated and the projects invested thereby in China are true and legitimate. In addition, foreign invested enterprises are allowed to settle foreign exchange capitals on a discretionary basis; the foreign invested enterprises may, according to its actual business needs, settle with a bank the portion of the foreign exchange capital in its capital account for which the relevant foreign exchange bureau has confirmed monetary contribution rights and interests (or for which the bank has registered the account-crediting of monetary contribution). For the time being, foreign invested enterprises are allowed to settle 100% of their foreign exchange capitals on a discretionary basis. The SAFE may adjust the foregoing percentage as appropriate based on prevailing international balance of payments. In accordance with the Circular 37 which took effect on July 4, 2014, a “special purpose vehicle” means an overseas enterprise directly established or indirectly controlled by a domestic resident (including domestic institutions and domestic individual residents) for the purpose of engaging in investment and financing with the domestic enterprise assets or interests he legally holds, or with the overseas assets or interests he legally holds. Domestic residents establishing or taking control of a special purpose vehicle abroad which makes round-trip investments in PRC are required to file foreign exchange registration with the local foreign exchange bureau. According to the Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Further Simplifying and Improving the Direct Investment-related Foreign Exchange Administration Policies, the initial foreign exchange registration for establishing or taking control of a special purpose company by domestic residents can be filed with a designated bank, instead of the local foreign exchange bureau. Pursuant to the Circular on Further Improving Reform of Foreign Exchange Administration and Optimizing Genuineness and Compliance Verification (the “Circular 3”) which took effect on January 26, 2017, stipulates several capital control measures with respect to the outbound remittance of profit from domestic entities to offshore entities, including (i) under the principle of genuine transaction, banks shall check board resolutions regarding profit distribution, the original version of tax filing records and audited financial statements; and (ii) domestic entities shall hold income to account for previous years’ losses before remitting profits. Moreover, pursuant to SAFE Circular 3, domestic entities shall make detailed explanations of the sources of capital and utilization arrangements, and provide board resolutions, contracts and other proof when completing the registration procedures in connection with an outbound investment. Laws and Regulations Relating to Overseas Direct Investment The Administrative Measures for Overseas Investment Management was promulgated by the MOFCOM on September 6, 2014 and came into effect on October 6, 2014. As defined by the Measures for Overseas Investment Management, overseas investment means that the enterprises legally incorporated in the PRC own the non-financial enterprises or obtain the ownership, control and operation management rights of the existing non-financial enterprises in foreign countries through incorporation, merger and acquisition and other means. If the overseas investments involve sensitive countries and regions or sensitive industries, they shall be subject to the approval of competent authorities. 27 For other overseas investments, they shall be subject to filing administration. Local enterprises shall be filed with the provincial commercial administration authorities where they are located. The qualified enterprises will be put into record and granted with Overseas Investment Certificate for Enterprise by the relevant provincial commercial administration authorities. On December 26, 2017, NDRC issued the Administrative Measures for the Overseas Investment of Enterprises, which took effect on March 1, 2018. Under the Measures, sensitive overseas investment projects carried out by PRC enterprises either directly or through overseas enterprises under their control shall be approved by NDRC, and non-sensitive overseas investment projects directly carried out by PRC enterprises shall be filed with NDRC or its local branch at provincial level. In the case of the large-amount non-sensitive overseas investment projects with the investment amount of USD$ 300 million or above carried out by PRC enterprises through the overseas enterprises under their control, such PRC enterprises shall, before the implementation of the projects, submit a report describing the details about such large-amount non-sensitive projects to NDRC. Where the PRC resident natural persons make overseas investments through overseas enterprises under their control, the Measures shall apply mutatis mutandis. Subsequently on January 31, 2018, NDRC issued the Catalogue of Sensitive Overseas Investment Industry (2018 Version) effective from March 1, 2018 under which enterprises shall be restricted from making overseas investments in certain industries including without limitation real estate and hotel. Laws and Regulations Relating to Dividend Distribution The principal law governing dividend distributions by our PRC Subsidiaries is the PRC Company Law, while the dividend distribution by wholly foreign-owned enterprises (“WFOE”) is further governed by Foreign Investment Law and its implementation regulations. According to the above laws and regulations, Chinese companies (including foreign-owned enterprises) may only pay dividends based on the accumulated profits calculated in accordance with PRC accounting principles. In addition, in accordance with the PRC Company Law, when a company distributes their after-tax profits for a given year, they shall allocate 10% of after-tax its profits to their statutory common reserve. Companies shall no longer be required to make allocations to their statutory common reserve once the aggregate amount of such reserve exceeds 50% of their registered capital unless the provisions of laws regarding foreign investment otherwise provided. If a company’s statutory common reserve is insufficient to make up its losses of the previous years, such losses shall be made up from the profit for the current year prior to making allocations to the statutory common reserve pursuant to the preceding paragraph. Such reserved cash cannot be distributed as cash dividends. Available Information We file electronically with the SEC our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information that we file with the SEC electronically. The contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. Item 1A.

--- VENDORS ---
vendors and resell to our customers.  Although gross profit for hardware products is relatively low, we intend to run the business line through sheer volume. We have strong competitive advantages by having barging power against our vendors and pricing power on our customers. Although there is an increase on unit cost of hardware chip products during the global shortage of chip products, with our barging power against vendors, we are still able to avoid significant price adjustments. Holographic Digital Twin Technology Service Holographic digital twin technology is an effective means to realize the interaction and integration of

--- MANUFACTURING ---
[NOT FOUND]

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials at an acceptable price. If we fail to reduce or control costs to be incurred thereof, we might not be able to price our products competitively, which in turn may reduce the market adoption rate of our products. In addition, failure in cost control may also result in material adverse effects on our profitability. As such, our results of operations and financial position will be adversely affected. Continued pricing pressures may result in low profitability, or even losses to us. Automotive OEMs possess significant leverage over their suppliers, including us, because the automotive component supply industry is highly competitive and has a high fixed cost base. Accordingly, we expect to be subject to substantial continuing pressure from automotive OEMs and their suppliers to reduce the price of our products. It is possible that pricing pressures could intensify beyond our expectations as automotive OEMs pursue restructuring, consolidation and cost-cutting initiatives. If we are unable to generate sufficient production cost savings in the future to offset price reductions, our profitability would be adversely affected. We have a limited operating history, and we may not be able to sustain rapid growth, effectively manage growth or implement business strategies. We have a limited operating history. Although we have experienced significant growth since launching our business, our historical performance results and growth rate may not be indicative of our future performance. We may not be able to achieve similar results or grow at the same rate as we have in the past. To keep pace with the development of the holographic technology service industry in the PRC, we may need to adjust and upgrade our product and service offerings or modify our business model. These adjustments may not achieve expected results and may have a material and adverse impact on our financial conditions and results of operations. In addition, our rapid growth and expansion have placed, and is expected to continue to place, a significant strain on our management and resources. There is no assurance that our future growth will be sustained at a similar rate or at all. We believe that our revenue, expenses and operating results may vary from period to period in response to a variety of factors beyond our control, which primarily include general economic conditions, emergencies and changes in policies, laws and regulations that may affect our business operations and our ability to monitor costs. In addition, our ability to develop new sources of revenues, diversify monetization methods, attract and retain customers, continue developing innovative technologies, increase brand awareness, expand into new market segments, and adjust to the rapidly changing regulatory environment in the PRC, will also affect our future growth to a great extent. Therefore, our historical results are not predictive of our future financial performance. 33 If we fail to attract, retain and engage appropriately-skilled personnel, including senior management and technology professionals, our business may be harmed. Our future success depends on the retention of highly skilled executives and employees. Competition for well-qualified and skilled employees is intense. Our future success also depends on the continuing ability to attract, develop, motivate and retain highly qualified and skilled employees, including, in particular, software engineers, LiDAR scientists and holographic technology professionals. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on the ability to attract new employees and to retain and motivate existing employees. If any member of our senior management team or other key employees leave, our ability to successfully operate the business and execute the business strategy could be adversely affected. We may also have to incur significant costs in identifying, hiring, training and retaining replacements of departing employees. Our business depends substantially on the market recognition of our brand, and negative media coverage could adversely affect our business. We believe that enhancing our brand and extending our customer base are cornerstones to sustaining our competitive advantages. Negative publicity about us and our business, shareholders, affiliates, directors, officers, and other employees, as well as the industry in which we operate, could be devastating and could materially and adversely affect the public perception of our brand, and in turn, reduce the sales of our products and services. Negative publicity concerning could be related to a wide variety of matters, including: ● alleged misconduct or other improper activities committed by our shareholders, affiliates, directors, officers and other employees; ● false or malicious allegations or rumors about us or our shareholders, affiliates, directors, officers, and other employees; ● user complaints about the quality of our products and services; ● copyright or patent infringements involving us and contents offered on our platforms; and ● governmental and regulatory investigations or penalties resulting from our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. In addition to traditional media, there has been an increasing use of social media platforms and similar devices in China, including instant messaging applications, social media websites and other forms of internet-based communications that provide individuals with access to a broad audience of users and other interested persons. The availability of information on instant messaging applications and social media platforms is virtually immediate as its impact without affording us an opportunity for redress or correction. The opportunity for dissemination of information, including inaccurate information, is seemingly limitless and readily available. Information concerning us, shareholders, directors, officers and employees may be posted on such platforms at any time. Risks associated with any such negative publicity or incorrect information cannot be eliminated entirely or mitigated, and may materially harm our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. Failure to maintain, protect, and enhance our brand or to enforce our intellectual property rights may damage the results of our business and operations. We believe that the protection of trade secrets, patents, trademarks and domain names is key to our success. In particular, we must maintain, protect, and strengthen our intellectual property rights related to our holographic technical services. Its intellectual property is essential to expanding the population of individuals and corporate users as well as increasing their trust in our services. We are committed to protecting our intellectual property rights in accordance with PRC laws and relevant agreements. We usually enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees to restrict the access, disclosure, and use of our proprietary information. However, we cannot guarantee that the contractual arrangements and other measures taken by us are sufficient to prevent the theft of our proprietary information, to prevent competitors from independently developing similar technologies, or to prevent any attempt to imitate it. Preventing unauthorized use of our intellectual property is difficult and costly, and the measures we take may not be enough to prevent intellectual property theft. If we sue for enforcing intellectual property, the litigation may result in huge costs and dispersion of our management and financial resources. Failure to protect our intellectual property rights may have a significant adverse impact on our business, financial position and operating performance. 34 We may be vulnerable to intellectual property infringement charges filed by other companies. Although we developed and owns the core intellectual properties, the interpretation of PRC intellectual property laws and intellectual property standards are constantly evolving and may be uncertain. As a result, there might be litigations based on allegations of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property rights. our defense of intellectual property rights claims brought against us or our customers, suppliers and channel partners, with or without merit, could be time-consuming, expensive to litigate or settle, divert management resources and attention and force us to acquire intellectual property rights and licenses, which may involve substantial royalty or other payments. An adverse determination also could invalidate our intellectual property rights and adversely affect our ability to offer our products to our customers and may require that we procure or develop substitute products that do not infringe, which could require significant effort and expense. A claim that our products infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights, even if untrue, could adversely affect our relationships with our customers, may deter future customers from purchasing our products and could expose us to costly litigation and settlement expenses. Any of these events could adversely affect our business, operating results, financial condition and prospects. We may not be able to protect our source code from copying if there is an unauthorized disclosure. Source code, the detailed program commands for our middleware and software programs and solutions, is critical to our business. Although we license portions of our application and operating system source code to several licensees, we take significant measures to protect the secrecy of large portions of our source code. If our source code leaks, we might lose future trade secret protection for that code. It may then become easier for third parties to compete with us by copying functionality, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Third parties may register trademarks or domain names or purchase internet search engine keywords that are similar to our trademarks, brand or websites, or misappropriate our data and copy our platform, all of which could cause confusion to our users, divert online customers away from our products and services or harm our reputation. To divert potential customers from us to such competitors’ or third parties’ websites or platforms, competitors and other third parties may purchase (i) trademarks that are similar to our trademarks and (ii) keywords that are confusingly similar to our brand or websites in internet search engine advertising programs and in the header and text of the resulting sponsored links or advertisements in order to divert our potential customers to such competitors’ or third parties’ websites or platforms. Preventing such unauthorized use is inherently difficult. If we are unable to prevent such unauthorized use, competitors and other third parties may continue to drive potential customers away from our platform to competing, irrelevant or potentially offensive platform, which could harm our reputation and cause us to lose revenue. Our business is highly dependent on the proper functioning and improvement of our information technology systems and infrastructure. Our business and operating results may be harmed by service disruptions, or by our failure to timely and effectively scale up and adjust our existing technology and infrastructure. Our business depends on the continuous and reliable operation of our information technology (“IT”) systems. Our IT systems are vulnerable to damage or interruption as a result of fires, floods, earthquakes, power losses, telecommunications failures, undetected errors in software, computer viruses, hacking and other attempts to harm our IT systems. Disruptions, failures, unscheduled service interruptions or a decrease in connection speeds could damage our reputation and cause our customers and end-users to migrate to our competitors’ platforms. If we experience frequent or constant service disruptions, whether caused by failures of our own IT systems or those of third-party service providers, then our user experience may be negatively affected, which in turn may have a material and adverse effect on our reputation and business. We may not be successful in minimizing the frequency or duration of service interruptions. As the number of our end-users increases and more user data are generated on our platform, we may be required to expand and adjust technology and infrastructure to continue to reliably store and process content. 35 Our operations depend on the performance of the Internet infrastructure and fixed telecommunications networks in China, which may experience unexpected system failure, interruption, inadequacy or security breaches. Almost all access to the Internet in China is maintained through state-owned telecommunication operators under the administrative control and regulatory supervision of the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, or the MIIT. Moreover, we primarily rely on a limited number of telecommunication service providers to provide us with data communications capacity through local telecommunications lines and Internet data centers to host our servers. We have limited access to alternative networks or services in the event of disruptions, failures or other problems with China’s Internet infrastructure or the fixed telecommunications networks provided by telecommunication service providers. Web traffic in China has experienced significant growth during the past few years. Effective bandwidth and server storage at Internet data centers in large cities such as Beijing and Shenzhen are scarce. With the expansion of our business, we may be required to upgrade technology and infrastructure to keep up with the increasing traffic on our platform. We cannot assure you that the Internet infrastructure and the fixed telecommunications networks in China will be able to support the demands associated with the continued growth in Internet usage. If we cannot increase our capacity to deliver online services, then we may not be able to expand our customer base, and the adoption of our services may be hindered, which could adversely impact our business and profitability. In addition, we have no control over the costs of the services provided by telecommunication service providers. If the prices we pay for telecommunications and Internet services rise significantly, our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, if Internet access fees or other charges to Internet users increase, some users may be prevented from accessing the mobile Internet and thus cause the growth of mobile Internet users to decelerate. Such deceleration may adversely affect our ability to continue to expand our user base. We use third-party services and technologies in connection with our business, and any disruption to the provision of these services and technologies to us could result in adverse publicity and a slowdown in the growth of our users, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our business partially depends on services provided by, and relationships with, various third parties. Some third-party software we use in our operations is currently publicly available and free of charge. If the owner of any such software decides to charge users or no longer makes the software publicly available, then we may need to incur significant costs to obtain licensing, find replacement software or develop it on our own. If we are unable to obtain licensing, find or develop replacement software at a reasonable cost, or at all, our business and operations may be adversely affected. We exercise no control over the third parties with whom we have business arrangements. If such third parties increase their prices, fail to provide their services effectively, terminate their service or agreements or discontinue their relationships with us, then we could suffer service interruptions, reduced revenues or increased costs, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our insurance policies may not provide adequate coverage for all claims associated with our business operations. We maintain various insurance policies, such as group personal accident insurance and corporate employee benefits insurance. However, our insurance coverage is still limited in terms of amount, scope and benefit. Insurance companies in China offer limited business insurance products. We do not have any business liability or disruption insurance coverage for our operations in China. Any business disruption may result in our incurring substantial costs and the diversion of our resources. Any uninsured business disruption, litigation or legal proceedings or natural disasters, such as epidemics, pandemics or earthquakes, or other events beyond our control could result in substantial costs and the diversion of our management’s attention. If we were to be held liable for uninsured losses or amounts and claims for insured losses exceeding the limits of our insurance coverage, then our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected as a result. 36 We may be subject to claims, disputes or legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business. If the outcome of these proceedings is unfavorable to us, then our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. We may be subject to claims, disputes, or legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business from time to time, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may receive formal and informal inquiries from governmental authorities and regulators regarding our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, many of which are evolving and subject to interpretation. Claims arising out of actual or alleged violations of laws could be asserted against us by our employees, customers, media partners, competitors, governmental entities in civil or criminal investigations and proceedings or other third parties. These claims could be asserted under a variety of laws, including but not limited to advertising laws, Internet information services laws, intellectual property laws, unfair competition laws, data protection and privacy laws, labor and employment laws, securities laws, real estate laws, tort laws, contract laws, property laws and employee benefit laws. We may also be subject to lawsuits due to actions by our media partners or advertising customers. In addition, some of our service agreements contain certain indemnity provisions requiring us to indemnify our customers for certain non-compliance, intellectual property infringement, personal injury and death claims. Our indemnity obligations may adversely affect our cash flow, operating results and financial conditions. There can be no guarantee that we will be successful in defending itself in legal and arbitration actions or in asserting our rights under various laws. If the outcome of these proceedings is unfavorable to us, then our business, results of operations and financial conditions could be adversely affected. Even if we are successful in our attempt to defend itself in legal and arbitration actions or to assert our rights under various laws, enforcing our rights against the various parties involved may be expensive, time-consuming and ultimately futile. These actions may expose us to negative publicity, substantial monetary damages and legal defense costs, injunctive relief, and criminal and civil fines and penalties, including but not limited to suspension or revocation of our licenses to conduct business. We may need additional capital to support or expand our business, and we may be unable to obtain such capital in a timely manner or on acceptable terms, if at all. Although we believe that our anticipated cash flows from operating activities, together with cash on hand, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated working capital requirements and capital expenditures in the ordinary course of business for the next twelve months, we cannot assure you this will be the case. We may also need additional cash resources in the future if we pursue opportunities for investments, acquisitions or similar actions. If we determine that our cash requirements exceed the amount of cash and cash equivalents we have on hand at the time, we may seek to issue equity or debt securities or obtain credit facilities. The issuance and sale of additional equity would result in further dilution to our shareholding. The incurrence of indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations and could result in operational and financial covenants that would restrict our operations. We have historically used bank borrowings to partially finance operations. We cannot assure you that additional financing will be available in amounts sufficient or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. Our management has limited experience in operating a public company and the requirements of being a public company may strain our resources, divert management’s attention and affect the ability to attract and retain qualified board members and officers. Our executive officers have limited experience in the management of a publicly traded company. Our management team may not successfully or effectively manage our transition to a U.S. public company that will be subject to significant regulatory oversight and reporting obligations under U.S. federal securities laws. Their limited experience in dealing with the increasingly complex laws pertaining to public companies could be a significant disadvantage in that it is likely that an increasing amount of their time may be devoted to these activities which will result in less time being devoted to the management and our growth, which could harm our business, prospects and results of operations. We may not have adequate personnel with the appropriate level of knowledge, experience, and training in the accounting policies, practices or internal controls over financial reporting required of public companies in the United States. The development and implementation of the standards and controls necessary for us to achieve the level of accounting standards required of a public company in the United States may require costs greater than expected. It is possible that we will be required to expand our employee base and hire additional employees to support our operations as a public company, which will increase our operating costs in future periods. Compliance with these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming or costly and increase demand on our systems and resources. 37 Our business may be materially and adversely affected by the effects of natural disasters, health epidemics or similar situation. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic has already and may continue to cause negative impacts to our business, results of operations and financial condition. Our business could be materially and adversely affected by natural disasters, such as earthquakes, floods, blizzards, typhoons or fire accidents, epidemics such as avian flu, swine flu, SARS, Ebola, Zika, COVID-19, or other events, such as acts of war, terrorism, environmental accidents, power shortages or communication interruptions. Since the beginning of 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused temporary closures of shops and facilities in China and around the world. Our business growth used to be negatively affected as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, and we had ever incurred additional implementation costs and general and administrative expenses, and thus financial condition was adversely affected. As COVID-19 has negatively affected the broader Chinese economy and the global economy, China may continue to experience lower domestic consumption, higher unemployment, severe disruptions to exporting of goods to other countries and greater economic uncertainty, all of which may materially and adversely affect our business and results of operations. Potential impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic include, but not limited to the following aspects: ● temporary closure of offices, travel restrictions or business suspension of our customers’ business have already affected and may continue to adversely affect the demand for our services; ● our suppliers may experience supply chain disruption, which could significantly reduce goods supply; ● our customers may request additional time for payment or may not pay us at all, which could significantly increase the amount and turnover days of our trade receivables, and require us to record additional allowance for doubtful accounts; ● any precautionary measure taken to minimize the risks of COVID-19, including travel restriction, quarantine, provisional request of remote work for employees, cancellation or postponement of industry activities and business travel, could damage our efficiency and productivity during the above-mentioned period and incur additional costs, slow down the brand promotion and marketing efforts, causing short-term fluctuation to our results of operations. Due to the uncertain nature of the COVID-19 pandemic, it is impossible to reasonably estimate the financial impact brought by the outbreak and countermeasures of COVID-19 pandemic for the time being. While most of the restrictions on movement within China have been relaxed as of the date of this Annual Report, there is great uncertainty as to the future progress of the pandemic. Relaxation of restrictions on economic and social life may lead to new cases, which may lead to re-imposition of restrictions. Consequently, the COVID-19 pandemic may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in 2022. The extent to which this pandemic impacts our results of operations will depend on future developments which are highly uncertain and unpredictable, including new outbreaks of COVID-19, the severity of the virus infection, the effectiveness and availability of vaccines, and future actions we or the authorities may take in response to these developments. We may be materially and adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in the PRC laws and regulations governing Internet-related industries and companies. The PRC government extensively regulates the Internet industry, including foreign ownership of, and the licensing and permit requirements pertaining to, companies in the Internet industry. These Internet-related laws and regulations are relatively new and evolving, and their interpretation and enforcement involve significant uncertainty. As a result, in certain circumstances it may be difficult to determine what actions or omissions may be deemed to be in violations of applicable laws and regulations. Issues, risks and uncertainties relating to PRC regulations of the Internet business include, but are not limited to, the following: ● there are uncertainties relating to the regulation of the Internet business in China, including evolving licensing practices and the requirement for real-name registrations. Our PRC subsidiaries may be required to hold certain permits, licenses or operations, we may not be able to timely obtain or maintain all the required licenses or approvals, permits, or to complete filing, registration or other formalities necessary for our present or future operations, and we may not be able to renew certain permits or licenses or renew certain filing or registration or other formalities. 38 ● the evolving PRC regulatory system for the Internet industry may lead to the establishment of new regulatory agencies. For example, in May 2011, the State Council announced the establishment of a new department, the State Internet Information Office. The primary role of this new agency is to facilitate the policy-making and legislative development in this field to direct and coordinate with the relevant departments in connection with online content administration and to deal with cross-ministry regulatory matters in relation to the Internet industry. We are unable to determine what policies this new agency or any new agencies to be established in the future may have or how they may interpret existing laws, regulations and policies and how they may affect us. Further, new laws, regulations or policies may be promulgated or announced that will regulate Internet activities. If these new laws, regulations or policies are promulgated, additional licenses may be required for our operations. If our operations do not comply with these new regulations after they become effective, or if we fail to obtain any licenses required under these new laws and regulations, we could be subject to penalties, and our business could be disrupted. The interpretation and application of existing PRC laws, regulations and policies and possible new laws, regulations or policies relating to the Internet industry have created substantial uncertainties regarding the legality of existing and future foreign investments in, and the businesses and activities of, Internet businesses in China, including our business. There are also risks that we may be found to violate the existing or future laws and regulations given the uncertainty and complexity of China’s regulation of Internet business. Our business may be exposed to Internet data, and we are required to comply with PRC laws and regulations relating to cyber security. These laws and regulations could create unexpected costs, subject us to enforcement actions for compliance failures, or restrict portions of our business or cause us to change our data practices or business model. Our business exposed to a large quantity of data. We face risks inherent in handling and protecting large volume of data. including: ● protecting the data in and hosted on our system, including against attacks on our system by outside parties or fraudulent behavior or improper use by our employees; ● addressing concerns related to privacy and sharing, safety, security and other factors; and ● complying with applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to the collection, use, storage, transfer, disclosure and security of personal information, including any requests from regulatory and government authorities relating to this data. Governments around the world, including the PRC government, have enacted or are considering legislation related to online businesses. There may be an increase in legislation and regulation related to the collection and use of anonymous internet user data and unique device identifiers, such as IP address or mobile unique device identifiers, and other data protection and privacy regulation. The PRC regulatory and enforcement regime with regard to data security and data protection is evolving. All these laws and regulations may result in additional expenses and any non-compliance may subject us to negative publicity which could harm our reputation and negatively affect the trading price of our ordinary shares. There are also uncertainties with respect to how these laws will be implemented in practice. PRC regulators have been increasingly focused on regulation in the areas of data security and data protection. We expect that these areas will receive greater attention and focus from regulators, as well as attract continued or greater public scrutiny and attention going forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks and challenges associated with data security and protection. If we are unable to manage these risks, we could become subject to penalties, fines, suspension of business and revocation of required licenses, and our reputation and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, regulatory authorities around the world have recently adopted or are considering a number of legislative and regulatory proposals concerning data protection. These legislative and regulatory proposals, if adopted, and the uncertain interpretations and application thereof could, in addition to the possibility of fines, result in an order requiring us to change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 39 We may qualify as a “foreign private issuer” on June 30, 2023, after which we will become exempt from certain rules under the Exchange Act that would otherwise apply if we were a domestic issuer. We may qualify as a “foreign private issuer” on June 30, 2023, after which we will become exempt from certain rules under the Exchange Act that would otherwise apply if we were a domestic issuer, including: ● the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, consents, or authorizations in respect of a security registered under the Exchange Act; ● the sections of the Exchange Act requiring insiders to file public reports of their stock ownership and trading activities and liability for insiders who profit from trades made in a short period of time; and ● the rules under the Exchange Act requiring the filing with the SEC of Annual Reports on Form 10-Q containing unaudited financial and other specified information, or current reports on Form 8-K, upon the occurrence of specified significant events. We may take advantage of these exemptions (or voluntarily comply with the requirements applicable to US domestic public companies) until such time as we are no longer a foreign private issuer. We would cease to be a foreign private issuer at such time as more than 50% of our outstanding voting securities are held by US residents and any of the following three circumstances applies: (i) the majority of our executive officers or directors are US citizens or residents; (ii) more than 50% of our assets are located in the United States; or (iii) our business is administered principally in the United States. If we lose our foreign private issuer status and decide, or is required, to register as a US domestic issuer, the regulatory and compliance costs to us will be significantly more than the costs incurred as a foreign private issuer. In such event, we would not be eligible to use foreign issuer forms, and would be required to file periodic and current reports and registration statements on US domestic issuer forms with the SEC, which are generally more detailed and extensive than the forms available to a foreign private issuer. Risks Factors Relating to Finance and Accounting Prior to the Business Combination, Golden Path had certain weaknesses in its internal control over financial reporting, which could continue to adversely affect our ability to report results of operations and financial condition accurately and in a timely manner. On April 12, 2021, the Acting Director of the Division of Corporation Finance and Acting Chief Accountant of the SEC together issued a statement regarding the accounting and reporting considerations for warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies entitled “Staff Statement on Accounting and Reporting Considerations for Warrants Issued by Special Purpose Acquisition Companies (“SPACs”)” (the “SEC Statement”). Specifically, the SEC Statement focused on certain provisions that provided for potential changes to the settlement amounts dependent upon the characteristics of the holder of the warrant, which terms are similar to those contained in the warrant agreement governing the warrants of Golden Path. As a result of the SEC Statement, on January 18, 2022, Golden Path reevaluated the accounting treatment of the 5,750,000 warrants that were issued to its public shareholders in its Initial Public Offering (the “Public Warrants”). Golden Path previously accounted for the Public Warrants as components of liabilities. Golden Path should have classified the Public Warrants as components of equity in its previously issued financial statements. In addition, in accordance with the SEC and its staff’s guidance on redeemable equity instruments, ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity (ASC 480), paragraph 10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of Golden Path require ordinary shares subject to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Golden Path had previously classified a portion of its ordinary shares in permanent equity. Although Golden Path did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, its charter provides that currently, it would not redeem its public shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than $5,000,001. On January 18, 2022, Golden Path determined that the threshold would not change the nature of the underlying shares as redeemable and thus would be required to be disclosed outside equity. As a resulted, on January 20, 2022, Golden Path filed Form 8-K to disclose non-reliance on previously issued financial statements. On the same day, Golden Path filed Form 8-K/A to restate its financial statement as of June 24, 2021 and Form 10-Q/A to restate its Annual Report ended June 30, 2021. 40 To remediate these material weaknesses, Golden Path developed a remediation plan with assistance from its accounting advisors and have dedicated significant resources and efforts to the remediation and improvement of the internal control over financial reporting. The measure Golden Path planned to take include: (i) providing internal training to its accounting team on U.S. GAAP knowledge; and (ii) requiring staff members to participate in trainings and seminars provided by professional services firms on a regular basis to gain knowledge on regular accounting/SEC reporting updates; (iii)enhancing its system of evaluating and implementing the complex accounting standards that apply to its financial statements. (iv) providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication among its personnel and third-party professionals with whom Golden Path consult regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of Golden Path’s remediation plan can only be accomplished over time and there can be no assurance that the measures Golden Path had taken and remediated the material weaknesses identified prior to the Business Combination. We can offer no assurance that these remedial measures previously planned or taken by Golden Path will be effectively implemented or ultimately have the intended effects after the Business Combination. Additional material weaknesses or restatements of financial results may still arise in the future due to our failures to implement and maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting or circumvention of these controls. Even if we devote substantial resources to strengthen our controls and procedures, in the future those controls and procedures may not be adequate to prevent or identify irregularities or errors or to facilitate the fair presentation of financial statements. Prior to the Business Combination, MC had previously identified certain material weaknesses which may continue to cause our failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting and may result in material misstatements of the consolidated financial statements or cause us to fail to meet our periodic reporting obligations. In the course of auditing MC’s consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2020 and 2021, MC and its independent registered public accounting firm had identified certain material weaknesses in MC’s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards established by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board of the United States (“PCAOB”). As defined in the standards established by the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, a “material weakness” is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The first material weakness was that MC did not maintain an effective control environment. Specifically, MC lacked sufficient resources regarding financial reporting and accounting personnel with an understanding of U.S. GAAP, in particular, to address complex U.S. GAAP technical accounting issues, related disclosures in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and financial reporting requirements set forth by the SEC. To address this material weakness, MC had engaged external consultants to assist with financial reporting and related disclosure under U.S. GAAP standard and plans to initiate a remediation plan to address the first material weakness. MC’s remedial efforts primarily focused on: (i) hiring personnel expertized in technical accounting and financial reporting; (ii) improving its accounting and financial reporting procedures; and (iii) adopting various reporting systems to ensure the completeness, timeliness and accuracy of MC’s financial reporting. The second material weakness was that MC lacked formal policies and procedures to establish a risk assessment process and internal control framework and lacked an audit committee and the internal audit function to establish formal risk assessment process and internal control framework. To respond to this material weakness, MC had initiated a remediation plan in 2021. MC’s remedial efforts primarily focused on: (i) identifying and evaluating risks that MC faces; (ii) adopting control activities to be taken to mitigate risks with written policies and procedures; (iii) ensuring efficient internal and external communication environment and all parts of MC are adhering to standard practices; and (iv) monitoring regularly to verify that internal controls are functioning property. Since
the closing of the Business Combination, we kept devoting significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of the
weaknesses as aforementioned. As of the date of this Annual Report, we did not incur material costs related to the measures undertaken
to address the two weaknesses. However, we may incur additional operating cost as we further proceed with such measures. 41 After the consummation of the Business Combination, MC became a part of Golden Path (currently known as MicroCloud Hologram Inc.), a public company in the United States subject to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that us include a report of management on our internal control over financial reporting and that our independent registered public accounting firm attest to and report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting in our annual report on Form 20-F or Form 10-K beginning with our annual report for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022. Our management may conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective. Moreover, even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm, after conducting its own independent testing, may issue a report that is qualified if it is not satisfied with our internal controls or the level at which such internal controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed, or if it interprets the relevant requirements differently from us. In addition, our reporting obligations may place a significant strain on our management, operational and financial resources and systems for the foreseeable future. We may be unable to timely complete our evaluation testing and any required remediation. We will continue the process to implement the remedial measures, there is no assurance that such measures will fully remedy any identified deficiency, or that additional material weaknesses in our controls and procedures will not be identified in the future. During the course of documenting and testing our internal control procedures, in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 404, we may identify other weaknesses and deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, if we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, as these standards are modified, supplemented or amended from time to time, we may not be able to conclude on an ongoing basis that it has effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404. If we fail to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment, it could suffer material misstatements in our financial statements and fail to meet reporting obligations, which would likely cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information. This could in turn limit our access to capital markets, harm our results of operations, and lead to a decline in the trading price of our ordinary shares. Additionally, ineffective internal control over financial reporting could expose us to increased risk of fraud or misuse of corporate assets and subject us to potential delisting from the stock exchange on which we listed, regulatory investigations and civil or criminal sanctions. We may also be required to restate our financial statements from prior periods.

