TICKER: HROW
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain challenges; regulatory and legal risks and uncertainties related to our pharmacy operations and
the pharmacy and pharmaceutical business in general; physician interest in and market acceptance of our current and any future products
and formulations and compounding pharmacies generally; our limited operating history; and the other risks and uncertainties described
under the heading “

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, particularly where such vendor is the single source from which we obtain
the services, could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. For example, in February 2024, UnitedHealth
Group announced that a suspected nation-state associated cybersecurity threat actor had gained access to some of the Change Healthcare
(“Change”) information technology systems. Change is the largest clearinghouse for medical claims in the U.S. While Harrow
was not directly impacted by this cybersecurity incident, it was reported that as a reaction to the cybersecurity incident, Change temporarily
disconnected over 100 related payment systems and Change was unable to process medical claims through its primary platforms. This resulted
in the delays to the revenue and cash collection cycle for several ASCs and physician offices, putting a strain on their cash resources.
While temporary, the cash constraints for these ASCs and physician offices, we believe, impacted sales of some of our products, such
as IHEEZO, during this disrupted period of time. In addition, we distribute our products in the U.S. primarily through three pharmaceutical
wholesalers, and a security breach that impairs the distribution operations of our wholesalers could significantly impair our ability
to deliver our products to healthcare providers and patients. There can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program
and processes, including our policies, controls, or procedures, will be effective in protecting our information technology systems and
sensitive data. We
will continue to experience varying degrees of cyberattacks and other incidents in the future. Even though we continue to invest in the
monitoring, protection and resilience of our critical and/or sensitive data and systems, there can be no assurances that our efforts
will detect, prevent or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks and/or breaches of our systems
that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss or exposure of critical, proprietary, private, confidential
or otherwise sensitive data, which could result in material financial, legal business or reputational harm to us or negatively affect
our stock price. While we maintain cyber-liability insurance, our insurance is not sufficient to cover us against all losses that could
potentially result from a service interruption, breach of our systems or loss of our critical or sensitive data. We
are also subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding privacy and data protection, including laws and regulations relating
to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. The legislative and regulatory environment
regarding privacy and data protection is continuously evolving and developing and the subject of significant attention globally. For
example, we are subject to the CCPA, which became effective in January 2020, which can result in substantial penalties for noncompliance.
The CCPA was amended in late 2020, to create the California Privacy Rights Act to create opt-in requirements for the use of sensitive
personal data and the formation of a new dedicated agency for the enforcement of the law, the California Privacy Protection Agency. Similar
consumer privacy laws went into effect in Virginia, Colorado, Utah, Connecticut and Florida in 2023. Consumer privacy laws were also
passed in 11 other states, with the earliest effective dates later this year, and proposed in three additional states. Failure to comply
with these current and future laws could result in significant penalties and reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. 25 Our
current and future use of artificial intelligence (“AI”), including by third-party vendors we rely on, may create new operational,
regulatory, legal, and reputational risks, and may adversely affect our business. We
and certain third parties that support our business may use artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies, including generative
AI tools, to automate or enhance workflows, analyze data, and support decision-making across functions. These technologies are rapidly
evolving and can be difficult to evaluate and control, and they may produce inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, or biased outputs that
are not readily detectable. If AI-supported processes, analyses, or content are flawed or used inappropriately, we could experience operational
inefficiencies, delays, or other adverse impacts. Because
we operate in highly regulated markets, the use of AI may heighten our compliance and liability risks. For example, AI-assisted materials
used in commercial, medical, quality, complaint handling, or safety-related activities could contain errors or omit context, and inadequate
governance, documentation, or human oversight could increase regulatory scrutiny, remediation costs, or reputational harm. In addition,
reliance on third parties to develop, implement, or operate AI-enabled systems may reduce our visibility into how outputs are generated
and how controls are applied. AI
tools can also increase confidentiality, cybersecurity, privacy, and intellectual property risks. Use of third-party AI platforms by
our employees or service providers may result in unintended disclosure, processing, or use of confidential information, proprietary know-how,
or personal data, and may increase exposure to cyber threats, including social engineering. Further, laws, regulations, and enforcement
priorities relating to AI are developing rapidly and may be inconsistent across jurisdictions, which could increase compliance costs,
restrict certain uses, or require changes to our controls; conversely, if we do not adopt AI effectively relative to competitors, we
may be disadvantaged in efficiency and speed. Global
macroeconomic conditions could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Macroeconomic
volatility—including changes in inflation, interest rates, credit availability, and broader financial market conditions—may
adversely affect our business. These conditions can reduce demand for healthcare services, increase the portion of costs borne by patients,
and pressure third-party payors’ budgets, which may negatively affect utilization of and reimbursement for our products. Macroeconomic
and geopolitical developments may also increase or destabilize our operating costs, including labor, freight, energy, and materials,
and may contribute to supply chain disruption, vendor constraints, or counterparty financial distress. In addition, changes in trade
policy and international conflicts may create further uncertainty and cost pressure. If these conditions persist or worsen, our sales,
operating expenses, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Risks
Related to Government Regulations and Third-Party Policies Our
business is significantly impacted by state and federal statutes and regulations. The
marketing and sale of our drug candidates, FDA-approved drugs and compounded formulations are subject to and must comply with extensive
state and federal statutes and regulations governing those products and compounding pharmacies. These compounding statutes and regulations
include, among other things, restrictions on compounding for office use or in advance of receiving a patient-specific prescription or,
for outsourcing facilities, requirements regarding preparation, such as regular FDA inspections and cGMP requirements, prohibitions on
compounding drugs that are essentially copies of FDA-approved drugs, limitations on the volume of compounded formulations that may be
sold across state lines, and prohibitions on wholesaling or reselling. These and other restrictions on the activities of compounding
pharmacies and outsourcing facilities may significantly limit the market available for compounded formulations, compared to the market
available for FDA-approved drugs. 26 Our
pharmacy business is impacted by federal and state laws and regulations governing the following: the purchase, distribution, management,
compounding, dispensing, reimbursement, marketing and labeling of prescription drugs and related services including: FDA and/or state
regulation affecting the pharmacy and pharmaceutical industries, including state pharmacy licensure and registration or permit standards;
rules and regulations issued pursuant to HIPAA and other state and federal laws related to the use, disclosure and transmission of health
information; and state and federal controlled substance laws. Our failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations could severely
limit or curtail our pharmacy operations, which would materially harm our business and prospects. Further, our business could be adversely
affected by changes in these or any newly enacted laws and regulations, and federal and state agency interpretations of the statutes
and regulations. Statutory or regulatory changes could require us to make changes to our business model and operations and/or could require
us to incur significantly increased costs to comply with such regulations. On
July 30, 2020, the FDA issued a notice for comments related to certain bulk drug substances to be removed from the 503B Bulk’s
List (or Category 1 List). Included in this notice for comment were certain bulk drug substances which we currently use in some of our
compounded products. In the event one or more of these bulk substances are ultimately removed from the Category 1 List, we intend to
utilize commercially available versions of these substances or similar active pharmaceutical ingredients (“APIs”) as replacements
of the bulk powders contained in our sterile products. In addition, nothing in the FDA’s notice affects the dispensing of bulk
powder-containing products from our 503A pharmacy. Nonetheless, if all or some of the bulk drug substances we use are removed from the
503B Bulk’s List, this may result in a disruption in our operations, revenues and cash flows. Federal
and state compounding frameworks—including evolving FDA policies regarding interstate distribution and information-sharing—may
change and could impose additional compliance obligations or restrict aspects of our compounding operations, which could adversely affect
our results of operations. We
have been in discussions with the FDA regarding past inspections of our 503B facility, and to the extent we are unable to demonstrate
compliance with cGMPs and other required regulations, the government could pursue enforcement actions, the effects of which could be
costly to us and could result in adverse consequences to our business. We
have received inspection observations, warning letters and other regulatory communications in the past from the FDA, and we continue
to invest in quality systems, remediation activities, and compliance resources, including third-party support. If we are unable to maintain
compliance, the FDA or other regulators could pursue enforcement actions, which may include additional warning letters, product seizures,
recalls, restrictions on

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners to make finished goods.
The following table describes by product the country where our finished branded products are made. In some instances, multiple countries
are listed to reflect either (i) expected changes in our contract manufacturer and location; and (ii) in certain cases, to reflect the
country of a second contract manufacturer site: Product Country
    Finished Product Is Manufactured IHEEZO France VEVYE U.S.
    and Spain TRIESENCE U.S. VIGAMOX Belgium ILEVRO Belgium FLAREX U.S.,
    by end of 2026 production is expected to be in Taiwan NATACYN U.S. TOBRADEX
    ST U.S.;
    by end of 2026 production is expected to be in Taiwan ZERVIATE France;
    by end of 2026 production is expected to be in Spain VERKAZIA France NEVANAC U.S.;
    by end of 2026 production is expected to be in Belgium FRESHKOTE France;
    by end of 2026 production is expected to be in Spain MAXIDEX U.S.;
    by end of 2026 production is expected to be in Belgium MAXITROL Belgium IOPIDINE
    1% France BYQLOVI Taiwan 8 Ophthalmology
Market Ophthalmic
pharmaceuticals are used across several major categories of eye care, including high-volume procedures (such as cataract/lens procedures
and refractive surgeries like LASIK), chronic ocular surface conditions (including dry eye disease), retina disease management (often
involving physician-administered therapies delivered by intravitreal injection), and posterior-segment surgical care (including vitrectomy
and related visualization and inflammation management). These settings drive demand for different classes of ophthalmic products—such
as anesthetics, anti-infectives, anti-inflammatories (including corticosteroids and NSAIDs), immunomodulators, and ocular surface lubricants—used
before, during, and after procedures and for ongoing disease management. Utilization across these categories is influenced by procedure
volumes and clinical practice patterns, the availability of therapeutic alternatives (including generics and biosimilars), and market
access factors such as formulary placement, prior authorization/step therapy, reimbursement, and patient out-of-pocket costs. Our portfolio
is focused on these major ophthalmic categories and spans products used in ocular surface disease, perioperative care, posterior-segment
surgical and retina settings. We have limited exposure to glaucoma therapies. Competition The
pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive. We compete with branded and generic pharmaceutical companies, biosimilar manufacturers,
and other companies developing or commercializing ophthalmic therapies, including products used in ocular surface disease, perioperative
care, and retina. Certain competitors have substantially greater financial, technical, manufacturing, and commercial resources than we
do, and may be able to develop, obtain regulatory approval for, manufacture, market, and sell products more effectively than we can,
including through larger sales forces, broader distribution networks, and greater access to capital. As a result, we may face competitive
disadvantages in gaining or maintaining market share, achieving favorable formulary placement and reimbursement, securing manufacturing
capacity and supply chain reliability, and sustaining pricing and margins. Biotechnology
and pharmaceutical technologies are subject to rapid and significant change. Our success depends in part on our ability to maintain a
competitive position with respect to new therapies, delivery methods, and competitive entrants, including generics and biosimilars. Competitors
may introduce products that are safer, more effective, easier to use, more durable, more convenient, or more cost-effective than our
products, or that achieve greater market access through reimbursement or contracting advantages. New competitive products could reduce
demand for, or the market opportunity of, our existing products and could render our product candidates or lifecycle management initiatives
less attractive or commercially viable before we recover development or commercialization investments. Competition
also depends on factors such as clinical performance, physician adoption and practice patterns, timing of market entry, regulatory developments,
product availability and supply reliability, pricing and patient affordability, third-party reimbursement, and the effectiveness of sales,
marketing, and distribution efforts. If we are unable to compete effectively with current or future products of our competitors, our
revenues, profitability, and growth prospects could be materially and adversely affected. To
the extent we offer compounded formulations through our pharmacy operations, those products also face competition from FDA-approved alternatives
and other compounded products, and utilization may be affected by physician and patient preferences and applicable regulatory requirements. 9 Factors
Affecting Our Performance We
believe the primary factors affecting our performance are our ability to increase revenues of our ophthalmic products, grow and gain
operating efficiencies in our pharmacy operations, successfully adjust our operations to account for any future regulatory-related restrictions,
optimize pricing and obtain reimbursement options for our ophthalmic products, and continue to pursue development and commercialization
opportunities for certain of our ophthalmology and other assets that we have not yet made commercially available or have been recently
launched. We believe we have built a tangible and intangible infrastructure that will allow us to scale revenues efficiently in the near
and long-term. All of these activities will require increased costs and other resources, which we may not have or be able to obtain from
operations or other sources. See Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Result of Operations
- Liquidity and Capital Resources.” Medicare,
Medicaid and Other Reimbursement Options Sales
in the U.S. of our marketed products are dependent, in large part, on the availability and extent of reimbursement from third-party payors,
including private payor healthcare and insurance programs, health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit management companies, and
government programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. See

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials or components—could result in negative publicity, product complaints, regulatory scrutiny, loss
of customer confidence, reduced demand, and harm to our reputation. In
addition, we may be subject to voluntary or involuntary recalls, market withdrawals, field corrections, “Dear Healthcare Provider”
letters, product discontinuations, or other corrective actions, whether initiated by us, required by the FDA, state boards of pharmacy,
or other regulators, or prompted by third parties in our supply chain. Such events could also lead to inspections, warning letters, enforcement
actions, increased oversight, remediation costs, and, with respect to our pharmacy operations, the suspension, restriction, non-renewal,
or loss of pharmacy licenses or registrations in one or more jurisdictions. Even if a safety or quality event ultimately is determined
to be unrelated to our products or results from a false positive, isolated incident, or a third party’s actions, the resulting
reputational and operational impacts could be significant. If
any of these events occur, we could incur substantial costs, including product and professional liability claims, litigation and settlement
expenses, regulatory penalties, remediation and recall costs, increased insurance costs (or reduced availability of insurance), and lost
revenue due to reduced prescribing, reduced utilization, supply disruption, or delays in development and commercialization. Any such
outcomes could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 22 We
carry product and professional liability insurance, which may be inadequate. Although
we have secured product and professional liability insurance for our products, pharmacy operations and the marketing and sale of our
formulations, our current or future insurance coverage may prove insufficient to cover any liability claims brought against us. Because
of the increasing costs of insurance coverage, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or at a level adequate
to satisfy liabilities that may arise. Business
disruptions could seriously harm our future revenue and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Our
operations, and those of CROs, contractors and consultants, could be subject to power shortages, telecommunications failures, wildfires,
water shortages, floods, earthquakes, hurricanes, typhoons, fires, extreme weather conditions, public health crises, and other natural
or man-made disasters or business interruptions for which we are predominantly self-insured. The occurrence of any of these business
disruptions could seriously harm our operations and financial condition and increase our costs and expenses. Our ability to obtain clinical
supplies of our product candidates could be disrupted if the operations of our contract manufacturers or the contract manufacturers of
our development partners are affected by a man-made or natural disaster or other business interruption. Our
compounding operations and our broader pharmaceutical business are subject to significant regulatory, quality, and commercial risks,
and we may not achieve our objectives for these operations. Our
operations are subject to extensive federal and state regulation and oversight. This includes licensure and operational requirements
applicable to our pharmacy and compounding activities, and FDA and other regulatory requirements applicable to the development, manufacture,
labeling, promotion, and distribution of our FDA-approved branded products and product candidates. Failure to obtain, maintain, renew,
or comply with required licenses, registrations, approvals, permits, or quality standards, or changes in applicable laws, regulations,
guidance, or enforcement priorities, could restrict or delay our ability to operate in one or more jurisdictions, delay development or
commercialization activities, increase compliance and remediation costs, or result in warnings, inspections, product seizures, recalls,
injunctions, civil or criminal penalties, or other enforcement actions. Compounded
formulations are not FDA-approved drug products and may face limited acceptance, reimbursement constraints, and competition from FDA-approved
alternatives. Negative publicity or regulatory activity involving compounding pharmacies (whether or not involving us) could also reduce
demand for compounded products. We have previously received FDA regulatory observations and communications relating to our compounding
operations, including with respect to our 503B outsourcing facility and certain pharmacy operations, and we continue to invest in compliance
and quality initiatives. See “ We have been in discussions with the FDA regarding past inspections of our 503B facility, and
to the extent we are unable to demonstrate compliance with cGMPs and other required regulations, the government could pursue enforcement
actions, the effects of which could be costly to us and could result in adverse consequences to our business .” Our
FDA-approved branded products and product candidates are subject to significant regulatory and commercial risks, including risks related
to manufacturing quality and supply chain reliability, labeling and promotional restrictions, competitive dynamics (including from generics,
biosimilars, and alternative therapies), and pricing and reimbursement pressures. We may incur significant costs to maintain and enhance
quality systems, satisfy regulatory requirements, and respond to inspections or other regulatory inquiries, and these efforts may divert
resources from other parts of our business and may not produce the intended benefits. If physicians, patients, or third-party payors
are unwilling to prescribe, use, or reimburse our compounded formulations, branded products, or future product candidates, or if our
operations are constrained by regulatory actions, licensure limitations, or increased compliance burdens, our business, financial condition,
results of operations, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 23 A
breakdown of our information technology systems, or a cyberattack or information security breach could significantly compromise the confidentiality,
integrity and availability of our information technology systems, network-connected control systems and/or our data, interrupt the operation
of our business, affect our reputation and result in remediation costs, litigation, or regulatory inquiries. To
achieve our business objectives, we rely on sophisticated information technology systems, including hardware, software, technology infrastructure,
online sites and networks for both internal and external operations, mobile applications, cloud services and network-connected control
systems, some of which are managed, hosted, provided or serviced by third parties. Internal or external events that compromise the confidentiality,
integrity and availability of our systems and data may significantly interrupt the operation of our business, result in significant costs
and/or adversely affect our reputation. Our
information technology systems are highly integrated into our business, including our customer service infrastructure, R&D efforts,
clinical and commercial manufacturing processes and product sales and distribution processes. Further, as the large part of our employees
work remotely for some portion of their jobs, our reliance on our third-party information technology systems has increased substantially
and is expected to continue to increase. Remote and hybrid working arrangements can increase cybersecurity risks due to the challenges
associated with managing remote computing assets and security vulnerabilities that are present in many non-corporate and home networks.
The complexity and interconnected nature of software, hardware and our systems make them vulnerable to breakdown or other service interruptions,
and to software errors or defects, misconfiguration and other security vulnerabilities. Upgrades or changes to our systems or the software
that we use have resulted and we expect, in the future, will result in the introduction of new cybersecurity vulnerabilities and risks.
Our systems are also subject to frequent perimeter network reconnaissance and scanning, phishing and other cyberattacks. As the cyber-threat
landscape evolves, these attacks are growing in frequency, sophistication, and intensity, and are becoming increasingly difficult to
detect and increasingly sophisticated in using techniques and tools—including artificial intelligence—that circumvent security
controls, evade detection and remove forensic evidence. Such attacks could include the use of harmful and virulent malware, including
ransomware or other denials of service, which can be deployed through various means, including the software supply chain, e-mail, malicious
websites and/or the use of social engineering/phishing. We
have experienced attacks against our network, although none that have had a material adverse impact to our business. In November 2024,
we became aware of a cybersecurity incident that involved unauthorized access of an employee’s email account. Through this unauthorized
access the threat actor was able to fraudulently divert Company funds to its bank account. We detected the incident in a timeframe management
believes minimized the financial, operation or reputational risk to the Company, and at no point was our ability to generate revenues
disrupted. However, if future attacks occur, there is no assurance we will be able to detect the incident in a timely manner or at all. There
can be no assurance that our efforts to guard against the wide and growing variety of potential attack techniques will be successful.
Attacks such as those experienced by government entities (including those that approve and/or regulate our products) and other multi-national
companies, including some of our peers, could leave us unable to utilize key business systems or access or protect important data, and
could have a material adverse effect on our ability to operate our business, including developing, gaining regulatory approval for, manufacturing,
selling and/or distributing our products. For example, in 2017, a pharmaceutical company experienced a cyberattack involving virulent
malware that significantly disrupted its operations, including its research and sales operations and the production of some of its medicines
and vaccines. As a result of the cyberattack, its orders and sales for certain products were negatively affected. In late 2020, SolarWinds
Corporation, a leading provider of software for monitoring and managing information technology infrastructure, disclosed that it had
suffered a cybersecurity incident whereby attackers had inserted malicious code into legitimate software updates for its products that
were installed by myriad private and government customers, enabling the attackers to access a backdoor to such systems. In 2022, Okta,
Inc., a provider of software that helps companies manage user authentication, disclosed that several hundred of its corporate customers
were vulnerable to a security breach that allowed attackers to access Okta’s internal network. Although this breach did not have
a significant effect on our business, there can be no assurance that a similar future breach would not result in a material adverse effect
on our business or results of operations. 24 Our
systems contain and use a high volume of sensitive data, including intellectual property, trade secrets and other proprietary business
information, financial information, regulatory information, strategic plans, sales trends and forecasts, litigation materials and/or
personal identifiable information belonging to us, our staff, our patients, customers and/or other parties. In some cases, we utilize
third-party service providers to collect, process, store, manage or transmit such data, which have increased our risk. Intentional or
inadvertent data privacy or security breaches (including cyberattacks) resulting from attacks or lapses by employees, service providers
(including providers of information technology-specific services), business partners, nation states (including groups associated with
or supported by foreign intelligence agencies), organized crime organizations, “hacktivists” or others, create risks that
our sensitive data may be exposed to unauthorized persons, our competitors or the public. System vulnerabilities and/or cybersecurity
breaches experienced by our third-party service providers constitute a substantial share of the information security risks to our business.
There can be no assurance that a cybersecurity incident would not result in a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.
Further, the timeliness of our awareness of a cybersecurity incident affects our ability to respond to and work to mitigate the severity
of such events. Cyberattackers
are also increasingly exploiting vulnerabilities in commercially available software from shared or open-source code. We rely on third
party commercial software that have had and may have such vulnerabilities, but as use of open-source code is frequently not disclosed,
our ability to fully assess this risk to our systems is limited. There can be no assurances that a vulnerability in the software and
services that we use would not result in a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. Domestic
and global government regulators, our business partners, suppliers with whom we do business, companies that provide us or our partners
with business services and companies we have acquired or may acquire face similar risks. Security breaches of their systems or service
outages have adversely affected systems and could, in the future, affect our systems and security, leave us without access to important
systems, products, raw materials, components, services or information, or expose our confidential data or sensitive personal information.
An extended service outage affecting these or other vendors, particularly where such vendor is the single source from which we obtain
the services, could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. For example, in February 2024, UnitedHealth
Group announced that a suspected nation-state associated cybersecurity threat actor had gained access to some of the Change Healthcare
(“Change”) information technology systems. Change is the largest clearinghouse for medical claims in the U.S. While Harrow
was not directly impacted by this cybersecurity incident, it was reported that as a reaction to the cybersecurity incident, Change temporarily
disconnected over 100 related payment systems and Change was unable to process medical claims through its primary platforms. This resulted
in the delays to the revenue and cash collection cycle for several ASCs and physician offices, putting a strain on their cash resources.
While temporary, the cash constraints for these ASCs and physician offices, we believe, impacted sales of some of our products, such
as IHEEZO, during this disrupted period of time. In addition, we distribute our products in the U.S. primarily through three pharmaceutical
wholesalers, and a security breach that impairs the distribution operations of our wholesalers could significantly impair our ability
to deliver our products to healthcare providers and patients. There can be no assurance that our cybersecurity risk management program
and processes, including our policies, controls, or procedures, will be effective in protecting our information technology systems and
sensitive data. We
will continue to experience varying degrees of cyberattacks and other incidents in the future. Even though we continue to invest in the
monitoring, protection and resilience of our critical and/or sensitive data and systems, there can be no assurances that our efforts
will detect, prevent or fully recover systems or data from all breakdowns, service interruptions, attacks and/or breaches of our systems
that could adversely affect our business and operations and/or result in the loss or exposure of critical, proprietary, private, confidential
or otherwise sensitive data, which could result in material financial, legal business or reputational harm to us or negatively affect
our stock price. While we maintain cyber-liability insurance, our insurance is not sufficient to cover us against all losses that could
potentially result from a service interruption, breach of our systems or loss of our critical or sensitive data. We
are also subject to various laws and regulations globally regarding privacy and data protection, including laws and regulations relating
to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data. The legislative and regulatory environment
regarding privacy and data protection is continuously evolving and developing and the subject of significant attention globally. For
example, we are subject to the CCPA, which became effective in January 2020, which can result in substantial penalties for noncompliance.
The CCPA was amended in late 2020, to create the California Privacy Rights Act to create opt-in requirements for the use of sensitive
personal data and the formation of a new dedicated agency for the enforcement of the law, the California Privacy Protection Agency. Similar
consumer privacy laws went into effect in Virginia, Colorado, Utah, Connecticut and Florida in 2023. Consumer privacy laws were also
passed in 11 other states, with the earliest effective dates later this year, and proposed in three additional states. Failure to comply
with these current and future laws could result in significant penalties and reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. 25 Our
current and future use of artificial intelligence (“AI”), including by third-party vendors we rely on, may create new operational,
regulatory, legal, and reputational risks, and may adversely affect our business. We
and certain third parties that support our business may use artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies, including generative
AI tools, to automate or enhance workflows, analyze data, and support decision-making across functions. These technologies are rapidly
evolving and can be difficult to evaluate and control, and they may produce inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, or biased outputs that
are not readily detectable. If AI-supported processes, analyses, or content are flawed or used inappropriately, we could experience operational
inefficiencies, delays, or other adverse impacts. Because
we operate in highly regulated markets, the use of AI may heighten our compliance and liability risks. For example, AI-assisted materials
used in commercial, medical, quality, complaint handling, or safety-related activities could contain errors or omit context, and inadequate
governance, documentation, or human oversight could increase regulatory scrutiny, remediation costs, or reputational harm. In addition,
reliance on third parties to develop, implement, or operate AI-enabled systems may reduce our visibility into how outputs are generated
and how controls are applied. AI
tools can also increase confidentiality, cybersecurity, privacy, and intellectual property risks. Use of third-party AI platforms by
our employees or service providers may result in unintended disclosure, processing, or use of confidential information, proprietary know-how,
or personal data, and may increase exposure to cyber threats, including social engineering. Further, laws, regulations, and enforcement
priorities relating to AI are developing rapidly and may be inconsistent across jurisdictions, which could increase compliance costs,
restrict certain uses, or require changes to our controls; conversely, if we do not adopt AI effectively relative to competitors, we
may be disadvantaged in efficiency and speed. Global
macroeconomic conditions could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Macroeconomic
volatility—including changes in inflation, interest rates, credit availability, and broader financial market conditions—may
adversely affect our business. These conditions can reduce demand for healthcare services, increase the portion of costs borne by patients,
and pressure third-party payors’ budgets, which may negatively affect utilization of and reimbursement for our products. Macroeconomic
and geopolitical developments may also increase or destabilize our operating costs, including labor, freight, energy, and materials,
and may contribute to supply chain disruption, vendor constraints, or counterparty financial distress. In addition, changes in trade
policy and international conflicts may create further uncertainty and cost pressure. If these conditions persist or worsen, our sales,
operating expenses, and results of operations could be adversely affected. Risks
Related to Government Regulations and Third-Party Policies Our
business is significantly impacted by state and federal statutes and regulations. The
marketing and sale of our drug candidates, FDA-approved drugs and compounded formulations are subject to and must comply with extensive
state and federal statutes and regulations governing those products and compounding pharmacies. These compounding statutes and regulations
include, among other things, restrictions on compounding for office use or in advance of receiving a patient-specific prescription or,
for outsourcing facilities, requirements regarding preparation, such as regular FDA inspections and cGMP requirements, prohibitions on
compounding drugs that are essentially copies of FDA-approved drugs, limitations on the volume of compounded formulations that may be
sold across state lines, and prohibitions on wholesaling or reselling. These and other restrictions on the activities of compounding
pharmacies and outsourcing facilities may significantly limit the market available for compounded formulations, compared to the market
available for FDA-approved drugs. 26 Our
pharmacy business is impacted by federal and state laws and regulations governing the following: the purchase, distribution, management,
compounding, dispensing, reimbursement, marketing and labeling of prescription drugs and related services including: FDA and/or state
regulation affecting the pharmacy and pharmaceutical industries, including state pharmacy licensure and registration or permit standards;
rules and regulations issued pursuant to HIPAA and other state and federal laws related to the use, disclosure and transmission of health
information; and state and federal controlled substance laws. Our failure to comply with any of these laws and regulations could severely
limit or curtail our pharmacy operations, which would materially harm our business and prospects. Further, our business could be adversely
affected by changes in these or any newly enacted laws and regulations, and federal and state agency interpretations of the statutes
and regulations. Statutory or regulatory changes could require us to make changes to our business model and operations and/or could require
us to incur significantly increased costs to comply with such regulations. On
July 30, 2020, the FDA issued a notice for comments related to certain bulk drug substances to be removed from the 503B Bulk’s
List (or Category 1 List). Included in this notice for comment were certain bulk drug substances which we currently use in some of our
compounded products. In the event one or more of these bulk substances are ultimately removed from the Category 1 List, we intend to
utilize commercially available versions of these substances or similar active pharmaceutical ingredients (“APIs”) as replacements
of the bulk powders contained in our sterile products. In addition, nothing in the FDA’s notice affects the dispensing of bulk
powder-containing products from our 503A pharmacy. Nonetheless, if all or some of the bulk drug substances we use are removed from the
503B Bulk’s List, this may result in a disruption in our operations, revenues and cash flows. Federal
and state compounding frameworks—including evolving FDA policies regarding interstate distribution and information-sharing—may
change and could impose additional compliance obligations or restrict aspects of our compounding operations, which could adversely affect
our results of operations. We
have been in discussions with the FDA regarding past inspections of our 503B facility, and to the extent we are unable to demonstrate
compliance with cGMPs and other required regulations, the government could pursue enforcement actions, the effects of which could be
costly to us and could result in adverse consequences to our business. We
have received inspection observations, warning letters and other regulatory communications in the past from the FDA, and we continue
to invest in quality systems, remediation activities, and compliance resources, including third-party support. If we are unable to maintain
compliance, the FDA or other regulators could pursue enforcement actions, which may include additional warning letters, product seizures,
recalls, restrictions on manufacturing or distribution, consent decrees, injunctions, civil or criminal penalties, or other measures.
Any such actions could increase costs, disrupt operations, and negatively affect our reputation, results of operations, and financial
condition. From
March 2024 through April 2024, NJOF was inspected by the FDA (the “2024 Inspection”), and the FDA issued a Form 483 with
five observations. During the first quarter of 2025, we engaged in separate but related discussions with the federal government regarding
the NJOF quality system and the 2024 Inspection. NJOF voluntarily recalled certain products and provided regular updates to the FDA regarding
its remediation activities and other commitments, including Project Beagle (as discussed in Part II, Item 7, “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Recent Developments.”). The government has notified
us that these discussions are now closed. In October 2025, ImprimisRx, had an in-person meeting with the FDA to further present and discuss
its efforts to remediate certain deficiencies at NJOF. At this meeting the FDA ultimately decided to allow ImprimisRx to continue with
its remediation efforts on a voluntary basis with ImprimisRx providing a commitment to ongoing communication regarding its remediation
efforts with the FDA. Future
regulatory actions could increase scrutiny and could create negative publicity on us as a company. As part of our commitment to actively
work with regulators, at times, we have become aware of concerns related to certain formulations, and as a result, discontinued compounding
certain drug formulations in an attempt to help mitigate potential regulatory risk. Physicians may be unwilling to prescribe or patients
may be unwilling to use our compounded formulations for other reasons, including but not limited to, the following: legal prohibitions
on our ability to discuss the efficacy or safety of our formulations with potential users to the extent applicable data is available;
our pharmacy operations are primarily operating on a cash-pay basis and reimbursement may or may not be available from third-party payors,
including the government Medicare and Medicaid programs; and certain formulations are not required to be prepared and are not presently
being prepared in a manufacturing facility governed by cGMP requirements. These factors and any future regulatory action could continue
to limit our production, and our ability to dispense and distribute our compounded products, which would negatively affect sales of our
compounded products. 27 If
we (or a partner facility) fail to comply with the Controlled Substances Act, FDCA, or similar state statutes and regulations, the pharmacy
facilities could be required to cease operations or become subject to restrictions that could adversely affect our business. Our
pharmacy operations are subject to extensive federal and state laws and regulations. Many states require pharmacies that dispense pharmaceuticals
into the state to be appropriately licensed or registered, and state controlled substance laws generally require registration and compliance
with standards promulgated by state pharmacy and controlled substance authorities. These laws and regulations often address the qualifications
of personnel, prescription fulfillment and inventory control practices, facility standards, recordkeeping, and related compliance obligations,
and they subject pharmacies to oversight by state boards of pharmacy and other regulators that may impose corrective actions, enhanced
oversight, or operational restrictions if a pharmacy is found not in compliance. While
we maintain compliance and quality programs intended to support adherence to applicable requirements, if any of our pharmacy operations
(or a partner facility on which we rely) fail to comply with applicable laws or regulations, the affected operations could be required
to temporarily or permanently limit or cease dispensing or compounding activities, which could adversely affect our ability to provide
compounded formulations and could materially harm our business. Noncompliance could also result in adverse actions by state boards of
pharmacy or other regulators. In addition, FDA inspections and related enforcement under the FDCA, including with respect to the exemptions
applicable to compounders under Sections 503A and 503B, could result in warning letters, injunctions, fines, loss of exemptions, or other
enforcement actions, any of which could involve significant costs and could adversely affect our business. ImprimisRx
was subject to an administrative action by the California State Board of Pharmacy relating to certain regulatory compliance matters and
entered into a settlement to resolve that matter in November, 2025. As part of the settlement, effective February 1, 2026, ImprimisRx
voluntarily surrendered its California nonresident 503B outsourcing facility license and California nonresident 503A compounding pharmacy
license. The loss of these licenses restricts our ability to sell or dispense certain compounded products in California and has reduced
revenues from that state. We believe that, based on our current sales concentration and geographic diversification, this loss is not
material to our consolidated statement of operations. However, if additional states were to take similar actions, or if broader or longer-term
restrictions were imposed, the cumulative effect could be material. If
we market any of our drug candidates in a manner that violates healthcare fraud and abuse laws, or if we violate government price reporting
laws, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties. The
FDA enforces laws and regulations which require that the promotion of pharmaceutical products be consistent with the approved prescribing
information. While physicians may prescribe an approved product for a so-called “off label” use, it is unlawful for a pharmaceutical
company to promote its products in a manner that is inconsistent with its approved label, and any company which engages in such conduct
can subject that company to significant liability. Similarly, industry codes in the EU and other foreign jurisdictions prohibit companies
from engaging in off-label promotion, and regulatory agencies in various countries enforce violations of the code with civil penalties.
While we intend to ensure that our promotional materials are consistent with our label, regulatory agencies may disagree with our assessment
and may issue untitled letters, warning letters or may institute other civil or criminal enforcement proceedings. In addition to FDA
restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, several other types of state and federal healthcare fraud and abuse laws have been
applied in recent years to restrict certain marketing practices in the pharmaceutical industry. These laws include the U.S. Anti-Kickback
Statute, U.S. False Claims Act and similar state laws. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of the safe harbors, it
is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of these laws. 28 Our
sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payors, and pricing and reimbursement pressures
have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability. Sales
of our products depend on the availability and extent of coverage and reimbursement from third-party payors, including government healthcare
programs and private insurance plans. Payors continue to implement measures to manage utilization and contain costs, including step edits,
prior authorization, formulary restrictions, increased patient cost sharing, and reimbursement rate reductions. These actions may reduce
the number of patients for whom our products are reimbursed, delay or restrict patient access, and limit our ability to increase prices
or maintain pricing levels, any of which could adversely affect our revenues and profitability. In
the U.S., legislative and regulatory actions continue to focus on reducing drug costs, including measures affecting Medicare reimbursement
and manufacturer financial obligations. In addition, policymakers and CMS have advanced proposals that would reference prices in other
economically comparable countries in determining Medicare beneficiary cost-sharing and/or additional manufacturer rebate obligations
(sometimes described as “most-favored-nation” or international reference pricing policies). CMS has proposed mandatory demonstration
models—GLOBE (Medicare Part B) and GUARD (Medicare Part D)—that would assess additional manufacturer rebates based on international
benchmarks for certain therapeutic categories that include ophthalmology/ophthalmic agents. Because certain of our ophthalmic products
are reimbursed under Medicare Part B, and we may develop or acquire additional products reimbursed by government programs, these and
similar initiatives could be particularly relevant to our business. Moreover, because we do not own global rights to many of the products
we market in the U.S. and generally do not control commercialization or pricing outside the U.S. for those products, we may have limited
or no ability to affect non-U.S. pricing that could be used as a benchmark under most-favored-nation or international reference pricing
initiatives, which could increase our exposure to such policies. We
cannot predict the scope, timing, or ultimate impact of these or other policy changes. However, to the extent payor actions or governmental
measures decrease or modify coverage or reimbursement for our products, increase rebates, discounts, or other price concessions, shift
additional costs to manufacturers, or otherwise limit utilization, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash
flows could be materially adversely affected. Changing
U.S. federal coverage and reimbursement policies and practices have affected and are likely to continue to affect access to, pricing
of and sales of our products. A
substantial portion of our branded product portfolio relies on reimbursement from federal government healthcare programs and commercial
insurance plans regulated by federal and state governments. Our business has been and will continue to be affected by legislative actions
changing U.S. federal reimbursement policy. The IRA’s drug pricing controls and Medicare redesign is likely to have a material
adverse effect on our sales (particularly for our branded products that are more substantially reliant on Medicare reimbursement), our
business and our results of operations. However, as the degree of impact from this legislation on our business depends on a number of
implementation decisions, the extent of the IRA’s impact on our sales and, in turn, our business remains unclear. 29 Changing
reimbursement and pricing actions in various states have negatively affected and may continue to negatively affect access to and have
affected and may continue to affect sales of our products. At
the state level, government actions or ballot initiatives can also affect how our branded products are covered and reimbursed and/or
create additional pressure on our pricing decisions. Existing and proposed state pricing laws have added complexity to the pricing of
drugs and may already be affecting industry pricing decisions. A number of states have adopted, and many other states are considering,
drug importation programs or other pricing actions, including proposals designed to require biopharmaceutical manufacturers to report
to the state proprietary pricing information or provide advance notice of certain price increases. For example, California law requires
biopharmaceutical manufacturers to notify health insurers and government health plans at least 60 days before scheduled prescription
drug price increases that exceed certain thresholds. Similar laws exist in Oregon and Washington. Additional proposals directed at Medicaid
seek to penalize manufacturers for pricing drugs above a certain threshold or limit spending on biopharmaceutical products. States are
also seeking to change the way they pay for drugs for patients covered by state programs. New York has established a Medicaid drug spending
cap, and Massachusetts implemented a new review and supplemental rebate negotiation process. Six states (Colorado, Maine, New Hampshire,
Maryland, Oregon and Washington) have enacted laws that establish Prescription Drug Affordability Boards (“PDABs”) to study
drug prices and identify drugs that pose affordability challenges, and in three states (Colorado, Maryland and Washington) include authority
for the state PDABs to set upper payment limits on certain drugs in state regulated plans. Other states may consider implementing similar
policies and laws. Additionally, Colorado, Florida, Maine, New Hampshire, New Mexico and Vermont have enacted laws, and several other
states have proposed bills, to implement importation of drugs from Canada. The FDA has met with representatives from Colorado, Florida,
Maine and New Mexico to discuss those states’ proposed importation programs, and the FDA may be working towards approving such
plans. Other states could adopt similar approaches or could pursue different policy changes in a continuing effort to reduce their costs.
Ultimately, as with U.S. federal government actions, existing or future state government actions or ballot initiatives may also have
a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. U.S.
commercial payor actions have affected and may continue to affect access to and sales of our products Payors,
including healthcare insurers, pharmacy benefit managers (“PBMs”), integrated healthcare delivery systems (vertically-integrated
organizations built from consolidations of healthcare insurers and PBMs) and group purchasing organizations, increasingly seek ways to
reduce their costs. With increasing frequency, payors are adopting benefit plan changes that shift a greater proportion of drug costs
to patients. Such measures include more limited benefit plan designs, high deductible plans, higher patient co-pay or coinsurance obligations
and more significant limitations on patients’ use of manufacturer commercial co-pay assistance programs. Further, government regulation
of payors may affect these trends. For example, CMS finalized a policy for plan years starting on or after January 1, 2021 that has caused
commercial payors to more widely adopt co-pay accumulator adjustment programs. Payors, including PBMs, have sought, and continue to seek,
price discounts or rebates in connection with the placement of our branded products on their formularies or those they manage, and to
also impose restrictions on access to or usage of our branded products (such as step therapy), require that patients receive the payor’s
prior authorization before covering the product, and/or chosen to exclude certain indications for which our products are approved. In
an effort to reduce barriers to access, we may reduce the net price of some of our branded products by providing greater discounts and
rebates to payors (including PBMs that administer Medicare Part D prescription drug plans), and we may introduce a set of new National
Drug Codes to make our branded products available at a lower list price. However, affordability of patient out-of-pocket co-pay cost
has limited and may continue to limit patient use. Further, despite these net and list price reductions, some payors may restrict, patient
access and may seek further discounts or rebates or take other actions, such as changing formulary coverage for some or all of our branded
products. These factors have limited, and may continue to limit, patient affordability and use, negatively affecting sales of our branded
products. Further,
significant consolidation in the health insurance industry has resulted in a few large insurers and PBMs, which places greater pressure
on pricing and usage negotiations with biopharmaceutical manufacturers, significantly increasing discount and rebate requirements and
limiting patient access and usage. For example, according to a 2024 press release from the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”),
the six largest PBMs manage nearly 95% of prescriptions filled in the United States. This high degree of consolidation among insurers
and PBMs and other payors, including through integrated healthcare delivery systems and/or with specialty or mail-order pharmacies and
pharmacy retailers, has increased the negotiating leverage such entities have over us and other biopharmaceutical manufacturers and has
resulted in greater price discounts, rebates and service fees realized by those payors from our business. CVS, Express Scripts and United
Health Group (among the top five integrated health plans and PBMs), each have Rebate Management Organizations that further increase their
leverage to negotiate deeper discounts. Ultimately, additional discounts, rebates, fees, coverage changes, plan changes, restrictions
or exclusions imposed by these commercial payors could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations.
Policy reforms advanced by Congress or the others in the federal administration that refine the role of PBMs in the U.S. marketplace
could have downstream implications or consequences for our business and how we interact with these entities. 30 Guidelines
and recommendations published by various organizations can reduce the use of our branded products. Government
agencies promulgate regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our products. Professional societies, practice management
groups, insurance carriers, physicians’ groups, private health and science foundations and organizations involved in various diseases
also publish guidelines and recommendations to healthcare providers, administrators and payors, as well as patient communities. Recommendations
by government agencies or other groups and organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration and use
of related therapies. In addition, a growing number of organizations are providing assessments of the value and pricing of biopharmaceutical
products, and even organizations whose guidelines have historically been focused on clinical matters have begun to incorporate analyses
of the cost effectiveness of various treatments into their treatment guidelines and recommendations. Value assessments may come from
private organizations that publish their findings and offer recommendations relating to the products’ reimbursement by government
and private payors. Some companies and payors have announced pricing and payment decisions based in part on the assessments of private
organizations. In addition, government health technology assessment organizations in many countries make reimbursement recommendations
to payors in their jurisdictions based on the clinical effectiveness, cost-effectiveness and service effects of new, emerging and existing
medicines and treatments. Such health technology assessment organizations have recommended, and may in the future recommend, reimbursement
for certain of our products for a narrower indication than was approved by applicable regulatory agencies or may recommend against reimbursement
entirely. See “ Our sales depend on coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payors, and pricing
and reimbursement pressures have affected, and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability”. Such recommendations or
guidelines may affect our reputation, and any recommendations or guidelines that result in decreased use, dosage or reimbursement of
our products could have a material adverse effect on our product sales, business and results of operations. In addition, the perception
by the investment community or stockholders that such recommendations or guidelines will result in decreased use and dosage of our products
could adversely affect the market price of our common stock. Change
in U.S. trade policy, including tariffs or other import restrictions, could increase our costs, disrupt our supply chain, and adversely
affect our business. U.S.
trade policy is subject to change and could include the imposition of new or increased tariffs, duties, quotas, sanctions, or other restrictions
on finished pharmaceuticals, APIs, excipients, packaging components, equipment, or other inputs used in our products. Although a significant
portion of our products (compounded and branded) are manufactured in the United States, we and our third-party manufacturers and suppliers
rely on global supply chains for certain finished pharmaceuticals APIs, materials, components, and services. If
tariffs or other trade restrictions are enacted or expanded, we could experience higher input and logistics costs, delays at ports of
entry, reduced availability of materials or components, supplier disruptions, and increased working-capital requirements, including the
need to build additional inventory or make advance payments of duties. In addition, changes in trade policy may prompt retaliatory actions
by foreign governments or cause suppliers to reallocate capacity, which could further constrain supply or increase costs. We
may seek to mitigate these risks through supply chain planning and other measures, including identifying alternative suppliers, qualifying
additional sources, modifying sourcing strategies, and adjusting inventory levels. However, there can be no assurance that these efforts
will be successful, timely, or sufficient to offset increased costs or disruptions. Any sustained increase in costs or disruption in
our supply chain could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 31 Risks
Related to Competition There
are many competitive risks related to marketing and selling our proprietary formulations and operating our compounding pharmacy business. The
pharmaceutical and pharmacy industries are highly competitive. We compete against branded drug companies, generic drug companies, outsourcing
facilities and other compounding pharmacies. We are significantly smaller than some of our competitors. Currently we lack some of the
financial and other resources needed to develop, produce, distribute and market our proprietary formulations at a level to capture a
significant market share in these sectors. The drug products available through branded and generic drug companies with which our formulations
compete have been approved for marketing and sale by the FDA and are required to be manufactured in facilities compliant with cGMP standards.
Although we prepare our compounded formulations in accordance with the standards provided by USP 795 and USP 797 and applicable state
and federal law, our proprietary compounded formulations are not required to be, and have not been, approved for marketing and sale by
the FDA. As a result, some physicians may be unwilling to prescribe, and some patients may be unwilling to use, our formulations. Additionally,
under federal and state laws applicable to our current compounding pharmacy operations, we are not permitted to prepare significant amounts
of a specific formulation in advance of a prescription, compound quantities for office use or utilize a wholesaler for distribution of
our formulations; instead, our compounded formulations must be prepared and dispensed in connection with a physician prescription for
an individually identified patient. Pharmaceutical companies, on the other hand, are able to sell their FDA-approved products to large
pharmaceutical wholesalers, which can in turn sell to and supply hospitals and retail pharmacies. Even if we are successful in registering
certain of our facilities as outsourcing facilities, our business may not be scalable on the scope available to our competitors that
produce FDA-approved drugs, which may limit our potential for profitable operations. These facets of our operations may subject our business
to limitations our competitors with FDA-approved drugs may not face. Our
future success depends in large part on our ability to maintain a competitive position with respect to biotechnology and related pharmaceutical
technologies . Biotechnology
and related pharmaceutical technologies have undergone and continue to be subject to rapid and significant change. Our future success
will depend in large part on our ability to maintain a competitive position with respect to these technologies. Products developed by
our competitors, including FDA-approved drugs and compounded formulations created by other pharmacies, could render our products and
technologies obsolete or unable to compete. Any products that we develop may become obsolete before we recover expenses incurred in their
development, which may require us to raise additional funds that may or may not be available. The competitive environment requires an
ongoing, extensive search for medical and technological innovations and the ability to develop and market these innovations effectively,
and we may not be competitive with respect to these factors. Other competitive factors include the safety and efficacy of a product,
the size of the market for a product, the timing of market entry relative to competitive products, the availability of alternative compounded
formulations or approved drugs, the price of a product relative to alternative products, the availability of third-party reimbursement,
the success of sales and marketing efforts, brand recognition and the availability of scientific and technical information about a product.
Although we believe we are positioned to compete favorably with respect to many of these factors, if our proprietary formulations are
unable to compete with the products of our competitors, we may never gain market share or achieve sustained profitability. Concentration
of sales at certain of our wholesaler distributors and consolidation of private payors may negatively affect our business. Certain
of our distributors, customers and payors have substantial purchasing leverage, due to the volume of our products they purchase or the
number of patient lives for which they provide coverage. The substantial majority of our U.S. branded product sales are made through
four pharmaceutical product wholesaler distributors: McKesson Corporation, Cencora Inc., Western Wellness and Cardinal Health, Inc. These
distributors, in turn, sell our products to their customers, which include physicians or their clinics, ambulatory surgical centers,
hospitals and pharmacies. Similarly, as discussed above, there has been significant consolidation in the health insurance industry, including
that a small number of PBMs now oversee a substantial percentage of total covered lives in the U.S. See “ Our sales depend on
coverage and reimbursement from government and commercial third-party payors, and pricing and reimbursement pressures have affected,
and are likely to continue to affect, our profitability.” The three largest PBMs in the U.S. are now part of major health insurance
providers. The growing concentration of purchasing and negotiating power by these entities has, and may continue to, put pressure on
our pricing due to their ability to extract price discounts on our branded products, fees for other services or rebates, negatively affecting
our bargaining position, sales and/or profit margins. In addition, decisions by these entities to purchase or cover less or none of our
branded products in favor of competing products could have a material adverse effect on our branded product sales, business and results
of operations due to their purchasing volume. Further, if one of our significant wholesale distributors encounters financial or other
difficulties and becomes unable or unwilling to pay us all amounts that such distributor owes us on a timely basis, or at all, it could
negatively affect our business and results of operations. In addition, if one of our significant wholesale distributors becomes insolvent
or otherwise unable to continue its commercial relationship with us in its present form, it could significantly disrupt our business
and adversely affect our product sales, our business and results of operations unless suitable alternatives are timely found or lost
sales are absorbed by another distributor. 32 If
we are unable to protect our proprietary rights, we may not be able to prevent others from using our intellectual property, which may
reduce the competitiveness and value of the related assets. Our
success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection for our formulations and technologies and to prevent
third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights. We must also operate without infringing upon patents and proprietary rights
of others, including by obtaining appropriate licenses to patents or other proprietary rights held by third parties, if necessary. The
primary means by which we will be able to protect our formulations and technologies from unauthorized use by third parties is to obtain
valid and enforceable patents that cover them. However, the applications we have filed or may file in the future may never yield patents
that protect our inventions and intellectual property assets. Failure to obtain patents that sufficiently cover our formulations and
technologies would limit our protection against other compounding pharmacies and outsourcing facilities, generic drug manufacturers,
pharmaceutical companies and other parties who may seek to copy our products, produce products substantially similar to ours or use technologies
substantially similar to those we own. We have made, and expect to continue to make, significant investments in certain of our proprietary
formulations prior to the grant of any patents covering these formulations, and we may not receive a sufficient return on these investments
if patent coverage or other appropriate intellectual property protection is not obtained and their competitiveness and value decreases. The
patent and intellectual property positions of pharmacies and pharmaceutical companies, including ours, are uncertain and involve complex
legal and factual questions. There is no guarantee that we have developed or obtained or will in the future develop or obtain the rights
to products or processes that are patentable, that patents will issue from any pending applications or that claims allowed will be sufficient
to protect the technology we have developed or may in the future develop or to which we have acquired or may in the future acquire development
rights. In addition, we cannot be certain that patents issued to us will not be challenged, invalidated, infringed or circumvented, including
by our competitors, or that the rights granted thereunder will provide competitive advantages to us. In certain instances, we have acquired
products that are patented and have been subject to prior litigation challenging the validity of certain patents related to those products.
In some situations, the litigation resulted in settlement agreements that have allowed generic manufacturers to license the patent rights
related to certain products and allowing the generic manufacturer to enter the market prior to patent expiration associated with the
branded product. We
also rely on unpatented trade secrets and know-how and continuing technological innovation in order to develop our products, formulations,
which we seek to protect, in part, by confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants, collaborators and others, including
certain service providers. We also have invention or patent assignment agreements with our current employees and certain consultants.
Nonetheless, our employees and consultants may breach these agreements, and we may not have adequate remedies for the breach. Our trade
secrets may otherwise become known or be independently discovered by competitors or could be developed by a person not bound by an invention
assignment agreement with us, in which case we may have no rights to use the applicable invention. We
may face additional competition outside of the U.S. as a result of a lack of patent coverage in some territories and differences in patent
prosecution and enforcement laws in foreign counties. Filing,
prosecuting, defending and enforcing patents on our proprietary formulations throughout the world is extremely expensive. We do not currently
have patent protection outside of the U.S. that covers any of our proprietary formulations or other assets that we are currently pursuing.
Competitors may use our technologies to develop their own products in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection. Even
if the international patent applications we have filed or may in the future file are issued or approved, it is likely that the scope
of protection provided by such patents would be different from, and possibly less than, the scope provided by corresponding U.S. patents.
As a result, patent rights we are able to obtain may not be sufficient to prevent generic competition. Further, the extent of our international
market opportunity may be dependent upon the enforcement of patent rights in various other countries. A number of countries in which
we could file patent applications have a history of weak enforcement and/or compulsory licensing of intellectual property rights. Moreover,
the legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the aggressive enforcement of patents
and other intellectual property protection, particularly those relating to biotechnology and/or pharmaceuticals, which would make it
difficult for us to stop a third party from infringing any of our intellectual property rights. Moreover, attempting to enforce our patent
rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. 33 Our
products, drug candidates and compounded formulations and technologies could potentially conflict with the rights of others. The
preparation or sale of our products, drug candidates and compounded formulations and use of our technologies may infringe on the patent
or other intellectual property rights of others. If our products infringe or conflict with the patent or other intellectual property
rights of others, third parties could bring legal actions against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin our manufacturing and marketing
of our affected products. Patent litigation is costly and time consuming and may divert management’s attention and our resources.
We may not have sufficient resources to bring any actions to a successful conclusion. If we are not successful in defending against these
legal actions should they arise, we may be subject to monetary liability or be forced to alter our products, cease some or all of our
operations relating to the affected products, or seek to obtain a license in order to continue manufacturing and marketing the affected
products, which may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. We
are dependent on our CEO, Mark L. Baum and President and CFO, Andrew R. Boll, for the continued growth and development of our Company. Our
CEO, Mark L. Baum and our President and CFO, Andrew R. Boll, have played a primary role in the founding of our business along with creating
and developing our current business model. We are highly dependent on these executives for the implementation of our business plan and
the future development of our assets and our business, and the loss of their services and leadership could materially adversely impact
our Company. If
we are unable to attract and retain key personnel and consultants, we may be unable to maintain or expand our business. We
have been focusing on building our management, pharmacy, research and development, sales and marketing and other personnel to pursue
our current business model. To achieve our planned growth, we may have significant difficulty attracting and retaining necessary employees.
Because of the specialized nature of our business, our ability to develop products and to compete will remain highly dependent upon our
ability to attract and retain qualified pharmacy, scientific, technical and commercial employees and consultants. There is intense competition
to hire qualified personnel in our industry, and we may be unable to continue to attract and retain the qualified personnel necessary,
particularly since our headquarters location is not near the primary centers of biopharmaceutical employment, for the development of
our business. The loss of key employees or consultants or the failure to recruit or engage new employees and consultants could have a
material adverse effect on our business. In addition, any staffing interruptions resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and
terrorism, adverse public health developments, or natural disasters including earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires, could have a material
adverse effect on our business. Risks
Related to Product Development, Regulatory Approval, Manufacturing and Commercialization If
we seek FDA approval to market and sell any of our drug candidates we may be unable to demonstrate the necessary safety and efficacy
to obtain such FDA approval. In
recent years, we have sought, and in the future, we, alone or with project partners, intend to seek, FDA regulatory approval to market
and sell one or more of our assets as an FDA-approved drug. Obtaining FDA approval to market and sell pharmaceutical products is costly,
time-consuming, uncertain and subject to unanticipated delays. The FDA or other regulatory agencies may not approve a drug candidate
on a timely basis or at all. Before we obtain FDA approval for the sale of any potential drug candidates, we will be required to demonstrate
through pre-clinical studies and clinical trials that it is safe and effective for each intended use, which we may not be able to do.
A failure to demonstrate safety and efficacy of a drug candidate to the FDA’s satisfaction would result in our failure to obtain
FDA approval. Moreover, even if the FDA were to grant regulatory approval of a drug candidate, the approval may be limited to specific
therapeutic areas or limited as to its distribution, which could reduce revenue potential, and we will be subject to extensive and costly
post-approval requirements and oversight with respect to commercialization of the drug candidate. 34 Even
if we receive regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates, we may not be able to successfully commercialize the product and the
revenue that we generate from its sales, if any, may be limited. If
approved for marketing, the commercial success of our drug candidates will depend upon each product’s acceptance by the medical
community, including physicians, patients and health care payors. The degree of market acceptance for any of our drug candidates will
depend on a number of factors, including: ● demonstration
    of clinical safety and efficacy; ● relative
    convenience, dosing burden and ease of administration; ● the
    prevalence and severity of any adverse effects; ● the
    willingness of physicians to prescribe our drug candidates, and the target patient population to try new therapies; ● efficacy
    of our drug candidates compared to competing products; ● the
    introduction of any new products that may in the future become available targeting indications for which our drug candidates may
    be approved; ● new
    procedures or therapies that may reduce the incidences of any of the indications in which our drug candidates may show utility; ● pricing
    and cost-effectiveness; ● the
    inclusion or omission of our drug candidates in applicable therapeutic and vaccine guidelines; ● the
                                            effectiveness of our own or any future collaborators’ sales and marketing strategies; ● limitations
    or warnings contained in approved labeling from regulatory authorities; ● our
    ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage or reimbursement from government health care programs, including Medicare
    and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors or to receive the necessary pricing approvals from government
    bodies regulating the pricing and usage of therapeutics; and ● the
    willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage or reimbursement or government pricing approvals. If
any of our drug candidates are approved, but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, health care payors, and patients,
we may not generate sufficient revenue and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. Our efforts to educate the medical
community and third-party payors on the benefits of our drug candidates may require significant resources and may never be successful. In
addition, even if we obtain regulatory approvals, the timing or scope of any approvals may prohibit or reduce our ability to commercialize
our drug candidates successfully. For example, if the approval process takes too long, we may miss market opportunities and give other
companies the ability to develop competing products or establish market dominance. Any regulatory approval we ultimately obtain may be
limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render our drug candidates not commercially viable. For example,
regulatory authorities may approve any of our drug candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request, may not approve
the price we intend to charge for any of our drug candidates, may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-marketing
clinical trials, or may approve any of our drug candidates with a label that does not include the labeling claims necessary or desirable
for the successful commercialization of that indication. Further, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may place conditions
on approvals or require risk management plans or a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (“REMS”) to assure the safe use
of the drug. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS; the FDA will not approve the
NDA without an approved REMS, if required. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure
safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA may also require a REMS
for an approved product when new safety information emerges. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial
promotion, distribution, prescription or dispensing of our drug candidates. Moreover, product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance
with regulatory standards or if problems occur following the initial marketing of the product. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially
harm the commercial success of our drug candidates. 35 Clinical
drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not
be predictive of future trial results. Clinical
testing of drug candidates is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur
at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of pre-clinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive of
the results of later-stage clinical trials. We cannot assure you that the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will view
the results as we do or that any future trials of any of our drug candidates will achieve positive results. Drug candidates in later
stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through pre-clinical studies
and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical
trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Any future clinical trial
results for our drug candidates may not be successful. In
addition, a number of factors could contribute to a lack of favorable safety and efficacy results for any of our drug candidates. For
example, such trials could result in increased variability due to varying site characteristics, such as local standards of care, differences
in evaluation period and surgical technique, and due to varying patient characteristics including demographic factors and health status. Even
if we obtain marketing approval for any of our drug candidates, we will be subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review,
which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally, our drug candidates could be subject to labeling and other restrictions
and withdrawal from the market and we may be subject to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience
unanticipated problems with our drug candidates. Even
if we obtain regulatory approval for any of our drug candidates for an indication, the FDA or foreign equivalent may still impose significant
restrictions on their indicated uses or marketing or the conditions of approval, or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly
and time-consuming post-approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and post-market surveillance to monitor safety and efficacy.
Our drug candidates will also be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements governing the manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage,
distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping and reporting of adverse events and other post-market information.
These requirements include registration with the FDA, as well as continued compliance with current Good Clinical Practices regulations
(“cGCPs”) for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. In addition, manufacturers of drug products and their facilities
are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory authorities for compliance with current cGMPs,
requirements relating to quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents. The
FDA has the authority to require a REMS as part of an NDA or after approval, which may impose further requirements or restrictions on
the distribution or use of an approved drug, such as limiting prescribing to certain physicians or medical centers that have undergone
specialized training, limiting treatment to patients who meet certain safe-use criteria or requiring patient testing, monitoring and/or
enrollment in a registry. With
respect to sales and marketing activities by us or any future partner, advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules
in addition to other applicable federal, state and local laws in the U.S. and similar legal requirements in other countries. In the U.S.,
the distribution of product samples to physicians must comply with the requirements of the U.S. Prescription Drug Marketing Act. Application
holders must obtain FDA approval for product and manufacturing changes, depending on the nature of the change. We may also be subject,
directly or indirectly through our customers and partners, to various fraud and abuse laws, including, without limitation, the U.S. Anti-Kickback
Statute, U.S. False Claims Act, and similar state laws, which impact, among other things, our proposed sales, marketing, and scientific/educational
grant programs. If we participate in the U.S. Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the Federal Supply Schedule of the VA, or other government
drug programs, we will be subject to complex laws and regulations regarding reporting and payment obligations. All of these activities
are also potentially subject to U.S. federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. Similar requirements exist in
many of these areas in other countries. 36 In
addition, if any of our drug candidates are approved for a particular indication, our product labeling, advertising and promotion would
be subject to regulatory requirements and continuing regulatory review. The FDA strictly regulates the promotional claims that may be
made about prescription products. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA as reflected
in the product’s approved labeling. If we receive marketing approval for our drug candidates, physicians may nevertheless legally
prescribe our products to their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label. If we are found to have promoted such
off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability and government fines. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the
laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses
may be subject to significant sanctions. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for alleged
improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies
enter into consent decrees of permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. If
we or a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency,
problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or we or our manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements,
we may be subject to the following administrative or judicial sanctions: ● restrictions
    on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; ● issuance
    of warning letters or untitled letters; ● clinical
    holds; ● injunctions
    or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; ● suspension
    or withdrawal of regulatory approval; ● suspension
    of any ongoing clinical trials; ● refusal
    to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, or suspension or revocation of product license
    approvals; ● suspension
    or imposition of restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or ● product
    seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of product. The
occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our drug candidates and generate revenue.
Adverse regulatory action, whether pre- or post-approval, can also potentially lead to product liability claims and increase our product
liability exposure. 37 Delays
in the completion of, or the termination of, any clinical or non-clinical trials for any drug candidates for which we may seek FDA approval
could adversely affect our business. Clinical
trials are very expensive, time consuming, unpredictable and difficult to design and implement. The results of clinical trials may be
unfavorable, they may continue for several years, and they may take significantly longer to complete and involve significantly more costs
than expected. Delays in the commencement or completion of clinical testing could significantly affect product development costs and
plans with respect to any drug candidate for which we seek FDA approval. The commencement and completion of clinical trials can be delayed
and experience difficulties for a number of reasons, including delays and difficulties caused by circumstances over which we may have
no control. For instance, approvals of the scope, design or trial site may not be obtained from the FDA and other required bodies in
a timely manner or at all, agreements with acceptable terms may not be reached in a timely manner or at all with CROs to conduct the
trials, a sufficient number of subjects may not be recruited and enrolled in the trials, and third-party manufacturers of the materials
for use in the trials may encounter delays and problems in the manufacturing process, including failure to produce materials in sufficient
quantities or of an acceptable quality to complete the trials. If we were to experience delays in the commencement or completion of,
or if we were to terminate, any clinical or non-clinical trials we pursue in the future, the commercial prospects for the applicable
drug candidates may be limited or eliminated, which may prevent us from recouping our investment in research and development efforts
for the drug candidate and would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. We
may depend on the success of our drug candidates, which have not yet demonstrated efficacy for their target or any other indications.
If we are unable to generate revenues from our drug candidates, our ability to create stockholder value may be limited. Our
drug candidates are in various stages of clinical development. There is no guarantee that our clinical trials will be successful or that
we will continue clinical development in support of an approval from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for any indication.
We note that most drug candidates never reach the clinical development stage and even those that do commence clinical development have
only a small chance of successfully completing clinical development and gaining regulatory approval. Therefore, aspects of our business
depend on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of our drug candidates, which may never occur. If
we are not able to obtain required regulatory approvals for a drug candidate, we will not be able to commercialize such drug candidate
and our ability to generate revenues will be limited. We
must successfully complete clinical trials for our drug candidates before we can apply for marketing approval. Even if we complete our
clinical trials, it does not assure marketing approval. Our clinical trials may be unsuccessful, which would materially harm our business.
Even if our initial clinical trials are successful, we are required to conduct additional clinical trials to establish our drug candidates’
safety and efficacy, before an NDA or Biologics License Application (“BLA”), or their foreign equivalents can be filed with
the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for marketing approval of our drug candidates. Clinical
testing is expensive, is difficult to design and implement, can take many years to complete and is uncertain as to outcome. Success in
early phases of pre-clinical and clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful, and interim results of
a clinical trial do not necessarily predict final results. A failure of one or more of our clinical trials can occur at any stage of
testing. We may experience numerous unforeseen events during, or as a result of, the clinical trial process that could delay or prevent
our ability to receive regulatory approval or commercialize our drug candidates. The research, testing, manufacturing, labeling, packaging,
storage, approval, sale, marketing, advertising and promotion, pricing, export, import and distribution of drug products are subject
to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities in the U.S. and other countries, which regulations differ from country
to country. We are not permitted to market our drug candidates as prescription pharmaceutical products in the U.S. until we receive approval
of an NDA from the FDA, or in any foreign countries until we receive the requisite approval from such countries. In the U.S., the FDA
generally requires the completion of clinical trials of each drug to establish its safety and efficacy and extensive pharmaceutical development
to ensure its quality before an NDA is approved. Regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions impose similar requirements. Of the large
number of drugs in development, only a small percentage result in the submission of an NDA to the FDA and even fewer are eventually approved
for commercialization. If our development efforts for our drug candidates, including regulatory approval, are not successful for their
planned indications, or if adequate demand for our drug candidates is not generated, our business will be materially adversely affected. 38 Our
success depends on the receipt of regulatory approval and the issuance of such regulatory approvals is uncertain and subject to a number
of risks, including the following: ● the
    results of toxicology studies may not support the filing of an investigational new drug application for our drug candidates; ● the
    FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities or Institutional Review Boards (“IRBs”) may disagree with the design
    or implementation of our clinical trials; ● we
    may not be able to provide acceptable evidence of our drug candidates’ safety and efficacy; ● the
    results of our clinical trials may not be satisfactory or may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required
    by the FDA, the European Medicines Agency (the “EMA”), or other regulatory agencies for marketing approval; ● the
    dosing of our drug candidates in a particular clinical trial may not be at an optimal level; ● patients
    in our clinical trials may suffer adverse effects for reasons that may or may not be related to our drug candidates; ● the
    data collected from clinical trials may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA, BLA or other submission or to obtain
    regulatory approval in the U.S. or elsewhere; ● the
    FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers
    with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and ● the
    approval policies or regulations of the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may significantly change in a manner rendering
    our clinical data insufficient for approval. Failure
to obtain regulatory approval for our drug candidates for the foregoing, or any other reasons, will prevent us from commercializing our
drug candidates, and our ability to generate revenue will be materially impaired. We cannot guarantee that regulators will agree with
our assessment of the results of the clinical trials we intend to conduct in the future or that such trials will be successful. The FDA,
EMA and other regulators have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide that
our data is insufficient for approval and require additional clinical trials, or pre-clinical or other studies. In addition, varying
interpretations of the data obtained from pre-clinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval of our
drug candidates. Excluding
any activities through our prior ownership interest in Eton, we have not received regulatory approval to market our drug candidates in
any jurisdiction. We have only limited experience in filing the applications necessary to gain regulatory approvals and expect to rely
on consultants and CROs, with expertise in this area to assist us in this process. Securing regulatory approvals to market a product
requires the submission of pre-clinical, clinical, and/or pharmacokinetic data, information about product manufacturing processes and
inspection of facilities and supporting information to the appropriate regulatory authorities for each therapeutic indication to establish
a drug candidate’s safety and efficacy for each indication. Our drug candidates may prove to have undesirable or unintended side
effects, toxicities or other characteristics that may preclude us from obtaining regulatory approval or prevent or limit commercial use
with respect to one or all intended indications. The
process of obtaining regulatory approvals is expensive, often takes many years, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially
based upon, among other things, the type, complexity and novelty of the drug candidates involved, the jurisdiction in which regulatory
approval is sought and the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. Changes in regulatory approval policies during the development
period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for a submitted product application
may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. Regulatory approval obtained in one jurisdiction does not necessarily
mean that a drug candidate will receive regulatory approval in all jurisdictions in which we may seek approval, but the failure to obtain
approval in one jurisdiction may negatively impact our ability to seek approval in a different jurisdiction. Failure to obtain regulatory
marketing approval for our drug candidates in any indication will prevent us from commercializing the drug candidate, and our ability
to generate revenue will be materially impaired. 39 Obtaining
and maintaining regulatory approval of our products and drug candidates in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful
in obtaining regulatory approval of our products or drug candidates in other jurisdictions. Obtaining
and maintaining regulatory approval of our drug candidates in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain
regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a
negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of a drug candidate,
comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve the manufacturing, marketing and promotion of the drug candidate
in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different
from those in the U.S., including additional pre-clinical studies or clinical trials, as clinical studies conducted in one jurisdiction
may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the U.S., a drug candidate must be
approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge
for our products is also subject to approval. Obtaining
foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and
costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory
requirements in international markets and/ or to receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability
to realize the full market potential of our drug candidates will be harmed. Current
and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our drug candidates
and affect the prices we may obtain. In
the U.S. and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes regarding
the healthcare system that could prevent or delay marketing approval for our drug candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval activities
and affect our ability to profitably sell our drug candidates. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval
requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We do not know whether additional legislative
changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes
on the marketing approvals of our drug candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress of the FDA’s
approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product labeling and
post-marketing testing and other requirements. In
the U.S., the Medicare Modernization Act (the “MMA”) changed the way Medicare covers and pays for pharmaceutical products.
The legislation expanded Medicare coverage for drug purchases by the elderly and introduced a new reimbursement methodology based on
average sales prices for drugs. In addition, this legislation authorized Medicare Part D prescription drug plans to use formularies where
they can limit the number of drugs that will be covered in any therapeutic class. As a result of this legislation and the expansion of
federal coverage of drug products, we expect that there will be additional pressure to contain and reduce costs. These cost reduction
initiatives and other provisions of this legislation could decrease the coverage and price that we receive for our drug candidates and
could seriously harm our business. While the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow
Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, and any reduction in reimbursement that results
from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The
Health Care Reform Law is a sweeping law intended to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare
spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for healthcare and health insurance industries,
impose new taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. The Health Care Reform Law revised the
definition of “average manufacturer price” for reporting purposes, which could increase the amount of Medicaid drug rebates
to states. Further, the law imposed a significant annual fee on companies that manufacture or import branded prescription drug products. 40 The
Health Care Reform Law remains subject to legislative efforts to repeal, modify or delay the implementation of the law. Efforts to date
have generally been unsuccessful. If the Health Care Reform Law is repealed or modified, or if implementation of certain aspects of the
Health Care Reform Law are delayed, such repeal, modification or delay may materially adversely impact our business, strategies, prospects,
operating results or financial condition. We are unable to predict the full impact of any repeal or modification in the implementation
of the Health Care Reform Law on us at this time. In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the U.S. since the Health Care Reform Law was enacted. We expect
that additional federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that federal and
state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, and in turn could significantly reduce the projected value of certain
development projects and reduce or eliminate our profitability. Our
drug candidates may face competition sooner than expected. Our
success will depend in part on our ability to obtain and maintain patent protection for certain of our drug candidates and technologies
and to prevent third parties from infringing upon our proprietary rights. We must also operate without infringing upon patents and proprietary
rights of others, including by obtaining appropriate licenses to patents or other proprietary rights held by third parties, if necessary.
However, the applications we have filed or may file in the future may never yield patents that protect our inventions and intellectual
property assets. Failure to obtain patents that sufficiently cover our formulations and technologies would limit our protection against
compounding pharmacies, outsourcing facilities, generic drug manufacturers, pharmaceutical companies and other parties who may seek to
copy our products, produce products substantially similar to ours or use technologies substantially similar to those we own. We
also intend to seek data exclusivity or market exclusivity for our drug candidates provided under the FDCA and similar laws in other
countries. The FDCA provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA or supplement to an existing NDA if new clinical
investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential
to the approval of the application, for example, for new indications, dosages, or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity
covers only the conditions associated with the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving NDAs for drugs
containing the original active agent. Even if our drug candidates are considered to be reference products eligible for three years of
exclusivity under the FDCA, another company could market competing products if the FDA approves a full NDA for such product containing
the sponsor’s own pre-clinical data and data from adequate and well-controlled clinical trials to demonstrate the safety, purity
and potency of the products. Moreover, an amendment or repeal of the FDCA could result in a shorter exclusivity period for our drug candidates,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business. We
are and will be completely dependent on third parties to manufacture our branded drug products and drug candidates, and our commercialization
of our drug candidates could be halted, delayed or made less profitable if those third parties fail to obtain manufacturing approval
from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of our drug candidates or fail
to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices. We
do not currently have, nor do we plan to acquire, the capability or infrastructure to manufacture the API in our drug candidates for
use in our clinical trials or for commercial product. In addition, we do not have the capability to manufacture any of our branded drug
products and candidates as a finished drug product for commercial distribution. As a result, we are and will be obligated to rely on
contract manufacturers. 41 The
facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our drug products and candidates must be approved by the FDA or comparable
foreign regulatory authorities pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit an NDA or BLA to the FDA or their equivalents
to other relevant regulatory authorities. We will not control the manufacturing process of, and will be completely dependent on, our
contract manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMPs for manufacture of both active drug substances and finished drug products.
These cGMP regulations cover all aspects of the manufacturing, testing, quality control and record keeping relating to our drug candidates.
If our contract manufacturers do not successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory
requirements of the FDA or others, they will not be able to secure and/or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities.
If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our drug candidates
or if it withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly
impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our drug candidates, if approved. Our
contract manufacturers are subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies
for compliance with cGMPs and similar regulatory requirements. We do not have control over our contract manufacturers’ compliance
with these regulations and standards. Failure by any of our contract manufacturers to comply with applicable regulations could result
in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure to grant approval to market any of our drug
candidates, delays, suspensions or withdrawals of approvals, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly
and adversely affect our business. In addition, we do not have control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate
quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. Failure by our contract manufacturers to comply with or maintain any of these
standards could adversely affect our ability to develop, obtain and maintain regulatory approval for or market any of our drug products
and drug candidates. If,
for any reason, these third parties are unable or unwilling to perform, we may not be able to terminate our agreements with them, and
we may not be able to locate alternative manufacturers or formulators or enter into favorable agreements with them, and we cannot be
certain that any such third parties will have the manufacturing capacity to meet future requirements. If these manufacturers or any alternate
manufacturer of finished drug product experiences any significant difficulties in its respective manufacturing processes for our API
or finished products or should cease doing business with us, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of any of our
drug candidates or may not be able to create a supply of our drug candidates at all. Were we to encounter manufacturing issues, our ability
to produce a sufficient supply of any of our drug candidates might be negatively affected. Our inability to coordinate the efforts of
our third-party manufacturing partners, or the lack of capacity available at our third-party manufacturing partners, could impair our
ability to supply any of our drug candidates at required levels. Because of the significant regulatory requirements that we would need
to satisfy in order to qualify a new bulk or finished product manufacturer, if we face these or other difficulties with our current manufacturing
partners, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of any of our drug candidates if we decided to transfer the manufacture
of any of our drug candidates to one or more alternative manufacturers in an effort to deal with the difficulties. Any
manufacturing problem or the loss of a contract manufacturer could be disruptive to our operations and result in lost sales. Additionally,
we rely on third parties to supply the raw materials needed to manufacture our existing and potential products. Any business interruptions
resulting from geopolitical actions, including war and terrorism, adverse public health developments, or natural disasters including
earthquakes, typhoons, floods and fires, could affect our supply chain. Any reliance on suppliers may involve several risks, including
a potential inability to obtain critical materials and reduced control over production costs, delivery schedules, reliability and quality.
Any unanticipated disruption to a future contract manufacturer caused by problems at suppliers could delay shipment of any of our drug
candidates, increase our cost of goods sold and result in lost sales. We
expect to rely on third parties to conduct clinical trials for our drug candidates. If these third parties do not successfully carry
out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize any of
our drug candidates, and our business would be substantially harmed. We
expect to enter into agreements with third-party CROs to conduct and manage our clinical programs, including contracting with clinical
sites to perform our clinical studies. We plan to rely heavily on these parties for execution of clinical studies for our drug candidates
and will control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we will be responsible for ensuring that each of our studies
is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on CROs and clinical
sites will not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs will be required to comply with cGCPs, which are regulations
and guidelines enforced by the FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the European Economic Area and comparable foreign
regulatory authorities for any products in clinical development. The FDA and its foreign equivalents enforce these cGCP regulations through
periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with applicable cGCPs,
the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities
may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection,
the FDA or other regulatory authorities will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with cGCPs. In addition, our clinical trials
must be conducted with products produced under cGMP regulations and will require a large number of test subjects. Our failure or the
failure of our CROs or clinical sites to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the
regulatory approval process and could also subject us to enforcement action up to and including civil and criminal penalties. 42 Although
we intend to design the clinical trials for our drug candidates in consultation with CROs, we expect that the CROs will manage all of
the clinical trials conducted at contracted clinical sites. As a result, many important aspects of our drug development programs would
be outside of our direct control. In addition, the CROs and clinical sites may not perform all of their obligations under arrangements
with us or in compliance with regulatory requirements. If the CROs or clinical sites do not perform clinical trials in a satisfactory
manner, breach their obligations to us or fail to comply with regulatory requirements, the development and commercialization of any of
our drug candidates for the subject indication may be delayed or our development program materially and irreversibly harmed. We cannot
control the amount and timing of resources these CROs and clinical sites will devote to our program or any of our drug candidates. If
we are unable to rely on clinical data collected by our CROs, we could be required to repeat, extend the duration of, or increase the
size of our clinical trials, which could significantly delay commercialization and require significantly greater expenditures. If
any of our relationships with these third-party CROs or clinical sites terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with
alternative CROs or clinical sites. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines,
if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere
to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, any such clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated,
and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our drug candidates. As a result, our financial
results and the commercial prospects for any of our drug candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate
revenue could be delayed. Any
termination or suspension of, or delays in the commencement or completion of, any necessary studies of any of our drug candidates for
any indications could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial
prospects. The
commencement and completion of clinical studies can be delayed for a number of reasons, including delays related to: ● the
    FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority failing to grant permission to proceed and placing the clinical study on hold; ● subjects
    for clinical testing failing to enroll or remain in our trials at the rate we expect; ● a
    facility manufacturing any of our drug candidates being ordered by the FDA or other government or regulatory authorities to temporarily
    or permanently shut down due to violations of cGMP requirements or other applicable requirements, or cross-contaminations of drug
    candidates in the manufacturing process; ● any
    changes to our manufacturing process that may be necessary or desired; ● subjects
    choosing an alternative treatment for the indications for which we are developing our drug candidates, or participating in competing
    clinical studies; ● subjects
    experiencing severe or unexpected drug-related adverse effects; ● reports
    from clinical testing on similar technologies and products raising safety and/or efficacy concerns; ● third-party
    clinical investigators losing their license or permits necessary to perform our clinical trials, not performing our clinical trials
    on our anticipated schedule or employing methods consistent with the clinical trial protocol, cGMP requirements, or other third parties
    not performing data collection and analysis in a timely or accurate manner; ● inspections
    of clinical study sites by the FDA, comparable foreign regulatory authorities, or Institutional Review Boards (“IRBs”)
    finding regulatory violations that require us to undertake corrective action, result in suspension or termination of one or more
    sites or the imposition of a clinical hold on the entire study, or that prohibit us from using some or all of the data in support
    of our marketing applications; 43 ● third-party
    contractors becoming debarred or suspended or otherwise penalized by the FDA or other government or regulatory authorities for violations
    of regulatory requirements, in which case we may need to find a substitute contractor, and we may not be able to use some or any
    of the data produced by such contractors in support of our marketing applications; ● one
    or more IRBs refusing to approve, suspending or terminating the study at an investigational site, precluding enrollment of additional
    subjects, or withdrawing its approval of the trial; reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial
    sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; ● deviations
    of the clinical sites from trial protocols or dropping out of a trial; ● adding
    new clinical trial sites; ● the
    inability of the CRO to execute any clinical trials for any reason; and ● government
    or regulatory delays or “clinical holds” requiring suspension or termination of a trial. Product
development costs for any of our drug candidates will increase if we have delays in testing or approval or if we need to perform more
or larger clinical studies than planned. Additionally, changes in regulatory requirements and policies may occur and we may need to amend
study protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our study protocols to the FDA, comparable foreign regulatory
authorities, and IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of that study. If we experience
delays in completion of, or if we, the FDA or other regulatory authorities, the IRB, or other reviewing entities, or any of our clinical
study sites suspend or terminate any of our clinical studies of any of our drug candidates, its commercial prospects may be materially
harmed and our ability to generate product revenues will be delayed. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs,
slow down our development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any of these
occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead
to, termination or suspension of, or a delay in the commencement or completion of, clinical studies may also ultimately lead to the denial
of regulatory approval of our drug candidates. In addition, if one or more clinical studies are delayed, our competitors may be able
to bring products to market before we do, and the commercial viability of any of our drug candidates could be significantly reduced. Even
though we may apply for orphan drug designation for a drug candidate, we may not be able to obtain orphan drug marketing exclusivity. There
is no guarantee that the FDA, EMA or their foreign equivalents will grant any future application for orphan drug designation for any
of our drug candidates, which would make us ineligible for the additional exclusivity and other benefits of orphan drug designation. Under
the Orphan Drug Act, the FDA may grant orphan drug designation to a drug intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is generally
a disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S. and for which there is no reasonable expectation that
the cost of developing and making a drug available in the Unites States for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from
sales of the product. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an NDA. After the FDA grants orphan drug designation,
the identity of the therapeutic agent and its potential orphan use are disclosed publicly by the FDA. Orphan product designation does
not convey any advantage in or shorten the duration of regulatory review and approval process. In addition to the potential period of
exclusivity, orphan designation makes a company eligible for grant funding of up to $650,000 per year for four years to defray costs
of clinical trial expenses, tax credits for clinical research expenses and potential exemption from the FDA application user fee. 44 If
a product that has orphan designation subsequently receives the first FDA approval for the disease or condition for which it has such
designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other applications to market
the same drug for the same indication for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as (i) the drug’s orphan designation
is revoked; (ii) its marketing approval is withdrawn; (iii) the orphan exclusivity holder consents to the approval of another applicant’s
product; (iv) the orphan exclusivity holder is unable to assure the availability of a sufficient quantity of drug; or (v) a showing of
clinical superiority to the product with orphan exclusivity by a competitor product. If a drug designated as an orphan product receives
marketing approval for an indication broader than what is designated, it may not be entitled to orphan drug exclusivity. There can be
no assurance that we will receive orphan drug designation for any of our drug candidates in the indications for which we think they might
qualify, if we elect to seek such applications. Although
we may pursue expedited regulatory approval pathways for a drug candidate, it may not qualify for expedited development or, if it does
qualify for expedited development, it may not actually lead to a faster development or regulatory review or approval process. Although
we believe there may be an opportunity to accelerate the development of certain of our drug candidates through one or more of the FDA’s
expedited programs, such as fast track, breakthrough therapy, accelerated approval or priority review, we cannot be assured that any
of our drug candidates will qualify for such programs. For
example, a drug may be eligible for designation as a breakthrough therapy if the drug is intended, alone or in combination with one or
more other drugs, to treat a serious or life-threatening condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate
substantial improvement over existing therapies on one or more clinically significant endpoints. Although breakthrough designation or
access to any other expedited program may expedite the development or approval process, it does not change the standards for approval.
If we apply for breakthrough therapy designation or any other expedited program for our drug candidates, the FDA may determine that our
proposed target indication or other aspects of our clinical development plans do not qualify for such expedited program. Even if we are
successful in obtaining a breakthrough therapy designation or access to any other expedited program, we may not experience faster development
timelines or achieve faster review or approval compared to conventional FDA procedures. Access to an expedited program may also be withdrawn
by the FDA if it believes that the designation is no longer supported by data from our clinical development program. Additionally, qualification
for any expedited review procedure does not ensure that we will ultimately obtain regulatory approval for such drug candidate. Disruptions
at the FDA, CMS, the SEC, and other government agencies—due to funding lapses, shutdowns, staffing constraints, reorganizations,
or shifting policy priorities—could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Our
business depends in part on timely and predictable interactions with U.S. federal agencies, including the FDA, CMS, and the SEC. Periodic
disruptions to agency operations—whether caused by lapses in appropriations or government shutdowns, reduced staffing levels, reorganizations,
budget constraints, or shifts in policy priorities—may delay or limit an agency’s ability to perform its customary functions.
The federal government has experienced recent funding-related disruptions, and future disruptions remain possible. Such
disruptions could, among other things, delay FDA review of submissions, scheduling or completion of inspections, issuance of guidance,
or other regulatory actions; delay CMS coverage, reimbursement, or payment-policy activities; or constrain the SEC’s ability to
review filings and registration statements and to conduct other oversight activities. During funding lapses, agency operations may be
significantly curtailed under contingency plans, which can contribute to backlogs and extended timelines. In addition, announced federal
reorganizations and workforce reductions affecting the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and certain of its operating divisions,
including the FDA and CMS, may create further uncertainty regarding agency capacity, timing, and priorities. 45 If
agency capacity is reduced or agency priorities shift, we could experience greater regulatory uncertainty, slower review and decision
timelines, increased compliance costs, and delays in executing aspects of our strategy. Further, funding lapses or broader governmental
disruption could contribute to volatility in financial markets and reduced liquidity, which could adversely affect our ability to access
capital on acceptable terms. Risks
Related to Our Indebtedness We
have incurred significant indebtedness, which will require substantial cash to service and which subjects us to certain financial requirements
and business restrictions. In
September 2025, we issued $250 million aggregate principal amount of 8.625% Senior Notes due September 2030 (the “2030 Notes”)
and used the proceeds to refinance debt. All our prior debt was repaid in full. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Our
ability to make scheduled payments on our indebtedness depends on our future performance and ability to raise additional capital, which
is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. If we are unable to generate
sufficient cash to service our debt, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as selling assets, restructuring our
debt or obtaining additional capital through equity sales or incurrence of additional debt on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive
to our stockholders. Our ability to engage in any of these activities would depend on the capital markets and our financial condition
at such time, and we may not be able to do so when needed, on desirable terms or at all, which could result in a default on our debt
obligations. Additionally, our debt instruments contain, or from time to time may contain, various restrictive covenants, including,
among others, our obligation to deliver certain financial and other information, our obligation to comply with certain notice and insurance
requirements, and our inability, without prior consent, to dispose of certain of our assets, incur certain additional indebtedness, enter
into certain merger, acquisition or change of control transactions, pay certain dividends or distributions on or repurchase any of our
capital stock or incur any lien or other encumbrance on our assets, subject to certain permitted exceptions. Any failure by us to comply
with any of these covenants, subject to certain cure periods, or to make all payments under the debt instruments when due, would cause
us to be in default under the applicable debt instrument. In the event of any such default, lenders may be able to foreclose on our assets
that secure the debt or declare all borrowed funds, together with accrued and unpaid interest, immediately due and payable, thereby potentially
causing all of our available cash to be used to pay our indebtedness or forcing us into bankruptcy or liquidation if we do not then have
sufficient cash available. Any such event or occurrence could severely and negatively impact our operations and prospects. We
could enter into various transactions that could increase the amount of our outstanding debt or adversely affect our capital structure
or credit rating. Subject
to certain limited exceptions, the terms of the 2030 Notes do not prevent us from entering into a variety of acquisition, divestiture,
refinancing, recapitalization or other highly leveraged transactions. As a result, we could enter into any such transaction even though
the transaction could increase the total amount of our outstanding indebtedness, adversely affect our capital structure or credit rating
or otherwise adversely affect the holders of the 2030 Notes. Risks
Related to Our Common Stock If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results, which could
cause our stock price to fall. Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial results. If we cannot provide reliable financial results, our consolidated
financial statements could be misstated, our reputation may be harmed and the trading price of our common stock could decline. As we
discuss in Item 9A of this Annual Report, our management concluded that our internal controls over financial reporting were effective
as of December 31, 2025. However, our controls over financial processes and reporting may not continue to be effective or we may identify
material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls in the future. Any failure to remediate any future material
weaknesses or successfully implement required new or improved controls, could harm our operating results, cause us to fail to meet our
reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements or other public disclosures. Inferior
internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect
on the trading price of our common stock. 46 Our
stock price may be volatile. The
market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be highly volatile. The market price could fluctuate widely in
response to various factors, many of which are beyond our control, including our ability to execute our business plan; operating results
that fall below expectations; industry or regulatory developments; investor perception of our industry or our prospects; economic and
other external factors; and the other

