TICKER: HRTX
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain interruptions that could increase our costs and, to the extent such interruptions impair our ability to have sufficient inventory, cause us to lose revenue or market share. We continually evaluate our supply chains to identify potential risks and needs for additional manufacturers and other suppliers for the manufacturing of our Products. Establishing additional or replacement suppliers for certain raw materials in our proprietary polymers, if required, may not be accomplished quickly, or at all, and may involve significant expense. If we are able to find a replacement supplier, we would need to evaluate and qualify such replacement vendor and its ability to meet quality and compliance standards. Any change in suppliers or the manufacturing process for our Products could require additional regulatory approval and result in operational delays. Some of our suppliers may experience disruption to their respective supply chains due to the adverse events or conditions, including the effects of a pandemic or disease outbreak, the imposition of tariffs and other trade protective measures, rising geopolitical tensions, armed conflict, regulatory and policy changes or other factors, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. We obtain certain critical materials and components used in manufacturing our Products from third-party suppliers whose operations might be directly or indirectly affected by adverse events or conditions, including the effects of a pandemic or disease outbreak, the imposition of tariffs and other trade protective measures, rising geopolitical tensions and political instability, armed conflict, regulatory or policy changes, adverse weather conditions and public fears regarding any of the foregoing. For example, the increase in tariffs between the U.S. and certain countries has escalated geopolitical tensions and may significantly disrupt the global markets and supply chains. Tensions between mainland China and Taiwan have further escalated, with China accelerating the development of military capabilities and threatening the use of military force to gain control over Taiwan in certain circumstances. Similarly, geopolitical conflicts in Russia and Ukraine, the Middle East, South America and elsewhere remain unpredictable and could escalate into a broader armed conflict and additional economic sanctions or countermeasures by the affected countries or others, which could exacerbate market and economic instability. If we are unable to obtain these critical materials and components in sufficient quantities and in a timely manner, the manufacture, development, testing and clinical study of our Products might be delayed or infeasible, which could significantly harm our business. We have, or may have, significant inventory levels of drug products, and write-downs related to the impairment of those inventories may adversely impact or delay our profitability. We have, or may have, significant inventory levels of drug products, and we may increase those inventory levels as we continue to commercialize our Products. We determine inventory levels of drug products based on a variety of estimates, including timing of regulatory approval of our drug products, market demand for our drug products and those of our competitors, entrance of competing drug products, introduction of new, or changes in interpretations of, 27 pharmaceutical regulations, and changes in healthcare provider and insurer reimbursement policies. These estimates are inherently difficult to make and may be inaccurate. We analyze our inventory levels and will write down inventory that has become obsolete. If our initial estimate of the appropriate inventory levels of drug products is or becomes inaccurate, write-downs of inventory may be required, which would be recorded as cost of product sales and thereby adversely impact or delay our profitability. It is difficult to predict commercial demand for our Products, and, if our estimates of demand are too low, it may adversely impact our ability to generate revenue and profits in the short term and our ability to establish and maintain a competitive position in the relevant markets where our Products are sold, or may be sold, in the future. Despite our efforts to maintain appropriate inventory levels of our Products, as we continue to commercialize our Products, our estimates of appropriate inventory levels may not be accurate. If we fail to build up sufficient inventory levels to meet commercial demand, our ability to generate revenue and profits in the short term would be adversely impacted. Failure to meet demand may also cause us to lose market share to our competitors, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Given the time required to scale production and replenish inventory, our ability to correct for inaccurate estimates in a timely manner may be limited. We face intense competition from other companies developing products for the management of postoperative pain or the prevention of CINV and PONV, which may limit our ability to sell our Products. ZYNRELEF competes in the postoperative pain management market with MARCAINETM (bupivacaine hydrochloride injection, solution, marketed by Pfizer Inc.) and generic forms of bupivacaine; NAROPIN® (ropivacaine, marketed by Fresenius Kabi USA, LLC) and generic forms of ropivacaine; EXPAREL® (bupivacaine liposome injectable suspension, marketed by Pacira BioSciences, Inc.); XARACOLL®(bupivacaine HCl implant, marketed by Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited); POSIMIR® (owned by Durect Corporation and to be marketed in the U.S. by Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited); ANJESO® (meloxicam injection, marketed by Baudax Bio, Inc.); OFIRMEV® (acetaminophen injection, marketed by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals); SEGLENTIS® (celecoxib and tramadol hydrochloride, marketed by Kowa Pharmaceuticals America, Inc. in the U.S.); generic forms of IV acetaminophen; and potentially other products in development for postoperative pain management that reach the U.S. market. APONVIE competes in the PONV prevention market with generic ondansetron, the current standard of care, generic aprepitant, and BARHEMSYS® (amisulpride, marketed by Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.); TAK-951 (a peptide agonist under development (PH2) by Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited for PONV and not approved anywhere globally for any use); and potentially other products in development for PONV prevention that reach the market. CINVANTI faces significant competition. NK1 receptor antagonists are administered for the prevention of CINV, in combination with 5-HT3 receptor antagonists, to augment the therapeutic effect of the 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. Currently available NK1receptor antagonists include: generic versions of EMEND® IV (fosaprepitant); EMEND® IV (fosaprepitant, marketed by Merck & Co., Inc.); EMEND® (aprepitant, marketed by Merck & Co., Inc.); AKYNZEO®(palonosetron, a 5-HT3 receptor antagonist, combined with netupitant, an NK1 receptor antagonist, marketed by Helsinn Therapeutics (U.S.), Inc.); VARUBI® (rolapitant, marketed by TerSera Therapeutics LLC), FOCINVEZ TM (fosaprepitant injection, marketed by Amneal Pharmaceuticals, LLC) and other products that include an NK1 receptor antagonist that reach the market for the prevention of CINV. SUSTOL faces significant competition. Currently available 5-HT3 receptor antagonists include: AKYNZEO® (palonosetron, a 5-HT3 receptor antagonist, combined with netupitant, an NK1 receptor antagonist, marketed by Helsinn Therapeutics (U.S.), Inc.); SANCUSO® (granisetron transdermal patch, marketed by Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc.); and generic products including ondansetron (formerly marketed by GlaxoSmithKline plc as ZOFRAN), granisetron (formerly marketed by Hoffman-La Roche, Inc. as KYTRIL) and palonosetron (formerly marketed by Eisai in conjunction with Helsinn Healthcare S.A. as ALOXI) and Posfrea (Palonosetron Injection, marketed by AVYXA). Currently, palonosetron is the only 5-HT3receptor antagonist other than SUSTOL that is approved for the prevention of delayed CINV associated with MEC regimens. SUSTOL is indicated in combination 28 with other antiemetics in adults for the prevention of acute and delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of moderately emetogenic chemotherapy (MEC) or anthracycline and cyclophosphamide (AC) combination chemotherapy regimens, which is considered to be a HEC regimen by the NCCN and ASCO. No other 5-HT3 receptor antagonist is specifically approved for the prevention of delayed CINV associated with a HEC regimen. Small or early-stage companies and research institutions may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established pharmaceutical companies. We will also face competition from these parties in establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, and acquiring and in-licensing technologies and products complementary to our programs or potentially advantageous to our business. If any of our competitors succeed in obtaining approval from the FDA or other regulatory authorities for their product candidates sooner than we do for our product candidates that are more effective or less costly than ours, our commercial opportunity could be significantly reduced. Major technological changes can happen quickly in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, and the development of technologically improved or different products or drug delivery technologies may make our product candidates or platform technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. Our Products may face competition from lower-cost generic products offered by our competitors, which may limit our ability to sell our Products or require us to reduce our pricing. Pricing for therapeutics can be extremely competitive, and strict formulary guidelines enforced by payors may create significant challenges in the acceptance and profitability of branded products. The market for generic products can be very lucrative, and it is dominated by companies that may have much larger distribution capabilities than we may have in the future. It can be very difficult to predict the timing of the launch of generic products given the commonality of litigation with manufacturers over anticipated patent expiration. Our inability to accurately foresee and plan for generic product launches that may compete with our Products may significantly impact our potential revenues from such Products. On the expiration or loss of patent protection for a branded product, or on the "at-risk" launch (despite pending patent infringement litigation against the generic product) by a manufacturer of a generic version of a drug that may compete with one of our products, we could quickly lose a significant portion of our sales of that Product. The inability for a branded Product we may sell to successfully compete against generic products could negatively impact sales of our Product, reduce our ability to grow our business and significantly harm our business prospects. For example, we may face competition from newly developed generic products as the Hatch-Waxman Act seeks to stimulate competition by providing incentives to generic pharmaceutical manufacturers to introduce non-infringing forms of patented pharmaceutical products and to challenge patents on branded pharmaceutical products. Currently, two companies are seeking approval via an Abbreviated New Drug Application ("ANDA") in the United States for CINVANTI and one company is seeking approval via a 505(b)(2) application in the United States based on CINVANTI. If the Company is unsuccessful in demonstrating infringement of its patents by an ANDA or 505(b)(2) product, or the validity of the Company’s patents is successfully challenged, cheaper ANDA or 505(b)(2) versions of our products may be launched commercially and may compete with CINVANTI, as they may be favored by insurers and third-party payors, which would significantly harm our business. Our business and results of operations may suffer as a result of changes in our pricing or marketing strategies. In an effort to remain competitive in the marketplace, we can determine, from time to time, to change our pricing or marketing strategies for our approved Products, including by altering the amount or availability of discounts or rebates for any of our approved Products. Any such changes could have short-term or long-term negative impacts on our revenues, which would cause our business and results of operations to suffer. Price increases or changes to our marketing strategies may also negatively affect our reputation and our ability to secure and maintain reimbursement coverage for our approved Products, which could result in decreased demand and cause our business and results of operations to suffer. 29 Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations could reduce the demand for or use of our Products. Government agencies promulgate regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our Products. In addition, professional societies, practice management groups, private health and science foundations and other organizations from time to time may publish papers, guidelines or recommendations to the healthcare and patient communities with respect to specific products or classes of products. Recommendations of government agencies or these other groups or organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration and use of concomitant therapies. Recommendations or guidelines that do not recognize a Product, suggest limitations or inadequacies of a Product or suggest the use of competitive or alternative products as the standard of care to be followed by patients and healthcare providers could result in decreased use or adoption of any of our Products which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Because the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, we can provide no assurances that our Products or product candidates will have favorable results in future studies or receive regulatory approval or expansion of approved indications. Positive results from preclinical studies or clinical trials should not be relied on as evidence that later or larger-scale studies will succeed. Even if our Products or product candidates achieve positive results in early-stage preclinical studies or clinical studies, we will be required to demonstrate that they are safe and effective for use in Phase 3 studies before we can seek expanded indications or regulatory approvals for their commercial sale. Even if our early-stage preclinical studies or clinical studies achieve the specified endpoints, the FDA may determine that these data are not sufficient to allow the commencement of Phase 3 studies. There is an extremely high historical rate of failure of product candidates proceeding through clinical trials in our industry. There is no guarantee that the efficacy of any of our product candidates shown in early patient studies will be replicated or maintained in future studies and/or larger patient populations. Similarly, favorable safety and tolerability data seen in short-term studies might not be replicated in studies of longer duration and/or larger patient populations. If any Product or product candidate demonstrates insufficient safety or efficacy in any preclinical study or clinical trial, we would experience potentially significant delays in, or be required to abandon, development of that Product for an expanded indication, or product candidate for approval. In addition, product candidates in Phase 3 studies may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy despite having progressed through preclinical and earlier stage clinical trials, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. Further, data obtained from pivotal clinical studies are susceptible to varying interpretations, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. Regulatory approval may also be delayed, limited or prevented by other factors. If we delay or abandon our efforts to develop any of our Products for expanded indications, or product candidates for approval, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to become profitable, and our reputation in the industry and in the investment community would likely be significantly damaged, each of which would cause our stock price to decrease significantly. Interim, topline or preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. We may publicly disclose interim, topline, or preliminary data from our clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a full analysis of all data related to the particular trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the interim, topline, or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same trials, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. We may also disclose interim data from our clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between interim, topline or preliminary data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. 30 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our business in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular drug, product candidate or our business. If the interim, topline, or preliminary data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain expanded indications for our Products, or to obtain approvals for and commercialize our product candidates, our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition may be harmed. Although the FDA might grant Fast Track, Breakthrough Therapy and Priority Review or similar designations to our Products and product candidates, there can be no assurance that any of our Products or product candidates that receive similar designations in the U.S. or in any other regulatory jurisdictions will receive regulatory approval any sooner than other Products or product candidates that do not have such designations, or at all. Fast Track designation is intended to facilitate the development and expedite the review of new therapies to treat serious conditions with unmet medical needs by providing sponsors with the opportunity for frequent interactions with the FDA. Breakthrough Therapy designation is designed to expedite the development and review of drugs that are intended to treat serious conditions and for which preliminary clinical evidence indicates substantial improvement over available therapies on clinically significant endpoint(s). Priority Review designation is for drugs that, if approved, would be significant improvements in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment or prevention of serious conditions. Product candidates that receive Fast Track or Breakthrough Therapy designation may receive more frequent interactions with the FDA regarding the product candidate’s development plan and clinical trials and may be eligible for the FDA’s Rolling Review and Priority Review. Priority Review designation is intended to direct overall attention and resources of the FDA to the evaluation of such applications and means that the FDA’s goal is to take action on such applications within six months, compared to 10 months under standard review. We can provide no assurances that any of our Products or product candidates that receive Fast Track, Breakthrough Therapy, Priority Review or similar designations in the U.S. or in any other regulatory jurisdictions will receive regulatory approval any sooner than other Products or product candidates that do not have such designations, or at all. The FDA or any foreign regulatory authorities may also withdraw or revoke Fast Track, Breakthrough Therapy, Priority Review or similar designations, or elect to treat designated candidates in a manner different from what was originally indicated, if they determine that any of our Products or product candidates that receive such designations no longer meet the relevant criteria. Failure to realize the potential benefits of these designations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Our product platforms or product development efforts may not produce safe, efficacious or commercially viable products, and, if we are unable to develop new products, our business may suffer. Our long-term viability and growth will depend on the successful development of products through our research and development activities. Product development is very expensive and involves a high degree of risk. Only a small number of research and development programs result in the commercialization of a product. Success in preclinical work or early-stage clinical trials does not ensure that later-stage or larger-scale clinical trials will be successful. Our ability to complete our clinical trials in a timely fashion depends in large part on a number of key factors, including protocol design, regulatory and IRB approval, the rate of patient enrollment in clinical trials and compliance with extensive cGCP. In addition, because we fund the development of our Products and product candidates, we may not be able to continue to fund all such development efforts to completion or to provide the support necessary to perform the clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals, or market any approved products. If our drug delivery technologies or product development efforts fail to result in the successful development and commercialization of our Products and product candidates, or if our new Products do not perform as anticipated, such events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 31 We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical testing and conduct our clinical trials, and their failure to perform their obligations in a timely and competent manner may delay development and commercialization of our Products and product candidates and our business could be substantially harmed. We have used contract research organizations ("CROs") to oversee or provide selected services for our clinical trials for our Products and our product candidates, and we expect to use the same or similar organizations for our future clinical trials and pipeline programs. There can be no assurance that these CROs will perform their obligations at all times in a competent or timely fashion, and we must rigorously oversee their activities in order to be confident in their conduct of these trials on our behalf. If the CROs fail to commit resources to our Products or product candidates, our clinical programs could be delayed, terminated or unsuccessful, and we may not be able to obtain initial or expanded regulatory approvals for, or successfully commercialize, them. Different cultural and operational issues in foreign countries could cause delays or unexpected problems with patient enrollment or with the data obtained from those locations. If we experience significant delays in the progress of our clinical trials or experience doubts with respect to the quality of data derived from our clinical trials, we could face significant delays in gaining necessary product approvals. We also rely on third parties to assist in conducting our preclinical studies in accordance with GLP and the Animal Welfare Act requirements. We, our CROs and other third parties are required to comply with cGCP, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the EEA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Regulatory authorities enforce cGCP through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of our CROs fail to comply with applicable cGCP, the clinical data generated in the clinical trials may be deemed unreliable, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot be certain that on inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our ongoing or future clinical trials comply with cGCP. In addition, all of our clinical trials must be conducted with product produced under cGMP. Failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat preclinical and clinical trials, which would increase our related expenses and delay the regulatory approval process. Our CROs and other third parties we may engage to support our development programs are not our employees, and, except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical, non-clinical and preclinical programs. Outsourcing these functions involves risk that third parties may not perform to our standards, may not produce results in a timely manner, or may fail to perform at all. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines or if the quality or accuracy of the preclinical results or clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to test requirements, our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our Products and product candidates. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our Products and product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. If we are unable to recruit and retain skilled employees, we may not be able to achieve our objectives. We depend on a small number of key management and personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer. Retaining our current employees and recruiting qualified personnel to perform future research and development and commercialization work will be critical to our success. Competition is always present for highly skilled and experienced personnel, and an inability to recruit or retain sufficient skilled personnel could result in delays in our business growth and development and adversely impact our research and development or commercial activities. If we lose key members of our senior management team, we may not be able to find suitable replacements and our business may be harmed as a result. If we fail to adequately address any of the issues referred to above, it could adversely impact our ability to recruit and retain our skilled employees which may result in a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 32 Our business strategy may include acquisitions of other businesses, products or product licenses. We may not be able to successfully manage such activities. We may engage in strategic transactions that could cause us to incur contingent liabilities, commitments or significant expense. In the course of pursuing strategic opportunities, we may evaluate potential acquisitions, licenses or investments in strategic technologies, products or businesses. Future acquisitions, licenses or investments could subject us to a number of risks, including, but not limited to: • our inability to appropriately evaluate and take into consideration the potential uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including, but not limited to, the prospects of that party and their existing products or product candidates and regulatory approvals; • difficulties associated with realizing the perceived potential for commercial success with respect to any acquired or licensed technology, product or business; • our ability to effectively integrate any new technology, product and/or business including personnel, intellectual property or business relationships into our Company; • our inability to generate revenues from acquired or licensed technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition or license or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs and/or assumption of liabilities; and • the distraction of our management from our existing product development programs and initiatives in pursuing an acquisition or license. In connection with an acquisition or license, we must estimate the value of the transaction by making certain assumptions that may prove to be incorrect, which could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction. Any strategic transaction we may pursue may not result in the benefits we initially anticipate, may result in costs that end up outweighing the benefits and may adversely impact our financial condition and be detrimental to our future business prospects. Our business strategy may include entry into collaborative agreements. We may not be able to enter into collaborative agreements or may not be able to negotiate commercially acceptable terms for these agreements. Our business strategy may include the entry into collaborative agreements for the development and commercialization of our Products. The negotiation and consummation of these types of agreements typically involve simultaneous discussions with multiple potential collaborators and require significant time and resources from our officers, business development and research and development staff. In addition, in attracting the attention of pharmaceutical and biotechnology company collaborators, we compete with numerous other third parties with product opportunities as well as the collaborators’ own internal product opportunities. We may not be able to consummate collaborative agreements, or we may not be able to negotiate commercially acceptable terms for these agreements. If we do enter into such arrangements, we could be dependent on the subsequent success of these other parties in performing their respective responsibilities and the cooperation of our partners. Our collaborators may not cooperate with us or perform their obligations under our agreements with them. We cannot control the amount and timing of our collaborators’ resources that will be devoted to researching our product candidates pursuant to our collaborative agreements with them. Our collaborators may choose to pursue existing or alternative technologies in preference to those being developed in collaboration with us. Under agreements with any collaborators we may work with in the future, we may rely significantly on them to, among other activities: • fund or perform research and development activities with us or independently; 33 • diligently pursue regulatory approvals in certain territories; • pay us fees on the achievement of milestones; and • market for or with us any commercial products that result from our collaborations. If we do not consummate collaborative agreements, we may use our financial resources more rapidly on our product development efforts, continue to defer certain development activities or forego the exploitation of certain geographic territories, any of which could have a negative impact on our business prospects. Further, we may not be successful in overseeing any such collaborative arrangements. If we fail to establish and maintain necessary collaborative relationships, our business prospects could suffer. Natural or man-made disasters, including severe weather, epidemics, pandemics, cyber attacks, acts of war or terrorism, armed conflict, federal workforce uncertainty, or resource shortages, could disrupt our investigational drug candidate development and approved drug commercialization efforts or have other negative consequences on our business and adversely affect results. Our ongoing or planned clinical studies and approved drug commercialization efforts could be delayed or disrupted indefinitely on the occurrence of a natural or man-made disaster, including severe weather, an epidemic, a pandemic, or other disease outbreak, cyberattacks, acts of war or terrorism, armed conflict, or resource shortages. We are also vulnerable to damage from other disasters, such as power losses, fires, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes and similar events. Any such natural or man-made disaster, including severe weather, an epidemic, a pandemic, or other disease outbreak, cyberattacks, acts of war or terrorism, armed conflict, and the resulting damage could negatively impact enrollment and participation in our clinical studies, divert attention and resources at our research sites, cause unanticipated delays in the collection and receipt of data from our clinical studies, cause unanticipated delays in communications with, and any required approvals from, the FDA, European Medicines Agency, United Kingdom’s Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, Health Canada, and other regulatory authorities, and cause unanticipated delays in the manufacturing and distribution of our Products. If a significant disaster occurs, our ability to continue our operations could be seriously impaired and we may not have adequate insurance to cover any resulting losses. Any significant unrecoverable losses could seriously impair our operations and financial condition. Further, recent geo-political conflicts have created extreme volatility in the global financial markets and are expected to have further global economic consequences, including continued disruptions of the global supply chain and energy markets and heightened volatility of commodity prices. Any such instability or disruption may have adverse consequences on us or the third parties on whom we rely, including as a result of a general downturn in global economic conditions, changes in government regulations, deterioration in the credit or equity markets, or more direct impacts on operational matters. This conflict may also give rise to or amplify the other risks described herein including risks relating to cybersecurity, global economic conditions, government regulations and supply chains, which could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition and results. Our potential international expansion of our business may expose us to new business, regulatory, political, operational, financial and economic risks associated with such expansion and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth. If our Products are marketed internationally by us or a potential third-party partners, we and such third-party partners could be subject to additional risks related to operating in foreign countries, including: • general economic conditions and monetary and fiscal policy, including economic weakness or inflation; • financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty in collecting from international customers, pricing and insurance regimes, unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers, and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and controls, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and the effect of local and regional financial crises; 34 • conflicting and changing laws and regulations, including tariffs and export and import restrictions; • compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; • foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; • difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; • workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the U.S.; • potential liability under the FCPA or comparable foreign regulations; • challenges enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the U.S.; • production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad, if applicable; • logistical challenges resulting from distributing our Products to foreign countries; and • economic or business interruptions resulting from civil unrest or social, political, economic, or diplomatic developments, including geo-political actions, such as armed conflict or terrorism. These and other risks associated with international operations may compromise our ability to earn revenue from arrangements with potential third-party partners for our Products and, therefore, could adversely affect our business, operations and planned international expansion. Risks Related to Our Financial Condition We have a history of losses, we expect to generate losses in the near future, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. We have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from operations and had an accumulated deficit of $1.9 billion through December 31, 2025. The amount we spend will impact our profitability. Our spending will depend, in part, on: • the commercial success of our Products; • the cost of possible acquisitions of technologies, compounds, product rights or companies; • the cost of obtaining licenses to use technology owned by others for proprietary products and otherwise; • the time and expense required to prosecute, enforce and/or challenge patent and other intellectual property rights; • the costs and impacts of current and potential future litigation; and • the costs associated with recruiting and compensating a highly skilled workforce in an environment where competition for such employees may be intense. 35 To achieve and sustain profitability, we must, alone or in cooperation with others, successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, manufacture, market and sell our Products, including our current work commercializing our Products. We have incurred substantial expenses in our efforts to develop and commercialize our Products and we may never generate sufficient revenue to become profitable or to sustain profitability. Additional capital may be needed in the future to enable us to implement our business plan, and we may be unable to raise capital, which would force us to limit or cease our operations. As of December 31, 2025, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $46.6 million and indebtedness under our Working Capital Facility Agreement, dated August 9, 2023 with Hercules Capital, Inc., as administrative agent, collateral agent, and lender, as amended (the “Working Capital Facility Agreement”) and our senior unsecured convertible notes due 2031 (the "2031 Convertible Notes") totaling $147.1 million. Historically, we have financed our operations, including technology and product research and development, primarily through Product sales and equity and debt financings. Our capital requirements and liquidity going forward will depend on numerous factors, including but not limited to: • the degree of commercial success of our Products and our product candidates, if approved; • the timing and cost to manufacture our Products and our product candidates; • the magnitude and scope of our research and development programs; • our ability to establish and maintain strategic collaborations or partnerships for research, development, clinical testing, manufacturing and marketing of our product candidates; • the impact of competitive products; • the cost of establishing supply arrangements for our Products; • the cost and timing of establishing or enlarging sales and marketing capabilities; • the unanticipated delays due to manufacturing difficulties, supply constraints or changes in the regulatory environment, including as a result of geopolitical uncertainty, or other factors; and • general market conditions. If we issue additional equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities to raise funds, our stockholders will suffer dilution of their investment, and such issuance may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. New debt financing we enter into typically involves covenants that restrict our operations. These restrictive covenants may include, among other things, limitations on borrowing and specific restrictions on the use of our assets, as well as prohibitions on our ability to create liens, pay dividends, redeem capital stock or make investments. In the event that additional funds are obtained through arrangements with collaborative partners, these arrangements may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies, product candidates or Products on terms that are not favorable to us or require us to enter into a collaboration arrangement that we would otherwise seek to develop and commercialize ourselves. If adequate funds are not available, we may default on our indebtedness, be required to further delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our product development programs and reduce personnel-related and other costs, which would have a negative impact on our business. Management’s view of our liquidity relies on estimates and assumptions about the market opportunity for our Products, which estimates and assumptions are subject to significant uncertainty. Provisions contained in our debt instruments limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness. Our Working Capital Facility Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, among other things, restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, dispositions, prepayment of other indebtedness, and dividends and other distributions, subject to certain 36 exceptions. Our 2031 Convertible Notes also contain provisions that trigger events of default for incurring certain additional indebtedness or any default of our obligations under certain material agreements we may enter into. As a result, we may not be able to raise funds through the issuance of additional debt in the future, which could impair our ability to finance our business obligations or pursue business expansion initiatives. We could be exposed to significant product liability claims that could be time-consuming and costly to defend, divert management attention and adversely impact our ability to obtain and maintain insurance coverage. The administration of drugs in humans, whether in clinical studies or commercially, carries the inherent risk of product liability claims whether or not the drugs are actually the cause of an injury. Our Products and other products that we may commercially market in the future may cause, or may appear to have caused, injury or dangerous drug reactions, and we may not learn about or understand those effects until the Product has been administered to patients for a prolonged period of time. Although we are insured against such risks up to an annual aggregate limit in connection with clinical trials and commercial sales of our Products, our present product liability insurance may be inadequate and may not fully cover the costs of any claim or any ultimate damages we might be required to pay. Product liability claims or other claims related to our Products, regardless of their outcome, could require us to spend significant time and money in litigation or to pay significant damages. Any successful product liability claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in the future on commercially desirable or reasonable terms. In addition, product liability coverage may cease to be available in sufficient amounts or at an acceptable cost. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our Products. A product liability claim could also significantly harm our reputation and delay market acceptance of our Products. If any of our services providers are characterized as employees, we would be subject to employment and tax withholding liabilities and other additional costs. We rely on independent third parties to provide certain services to us. We structure our relationships with these outside service providers in a manner that we believe results in an independent contractor relationship, not an employee relationship based on their degree of autonomy and independence in providing certain services. Tax or other regulatory authorities may challenge our characterization of services providers as independent contractors both under existing laws and regulations and under laws and regulations adopted in the future. If such regulatory authorities or state, federal or foreign courts were to determine that our service providers are employees and not independent contractors, we would, among other things, be required to withhold income taxes, to withhold and pay Social Security, Medicare and similar taxes, to pay unemployment and other related payroll taxes, and to provide certain employee benefits. We could also be liable for unpaid past taxes and other costs and subject to penalties. As a result, any determination that the service providers we characterize as independent contractors are determined to be employees could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes to existing tax laws, or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect our business and financial condition. The tax regimes to which we are subject or under which we operate may be subject to significant change. There is uncertainty regarding future legislative and regulatory changes and policies related to matters such as taxation and importation, and any such proposed or enacted regulations by the current or a future U.S. administration, Congress, or taxing authorities in other jurisdictions could materially affect our tax obligations and operating results. For example, beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures in the year incurred and instead requires taxpayers to capitalize and subsequently amortize such expenditures over five years for research activities conducted in the U.S. and over 15 years for research activities conducted outside the U.S. The OBBBA reinstates the option to deduct domestic research and development expenditures in the year incurred, commencing with tax years beginning after December 31, 2024. Foreign research and development expenditures remain subject to the 15-year capitalization and amortization requirement. The OBBBA also includes other significant provisions, including tax cut extensions and modifications to the international tax framework. To the extent that such changes have a negative impact on us, including as a 37 result of related uncertainty, these changes could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial position. In addition, U.S. federal, state and local tax laws are extremely complex and subject to various interpretations. Although we believe that our tax estimates and positions are reasonable, there can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities. If the relevant tax authorities assess additional taxes on us, this could result in adjustments to, or impact the timing or amount of, taxable income, deductions or other tax allocations, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. The investment of our cash is subject to risks, which may cause losses or adversely affect the liquidity of these investments and our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. A significant amount of our assets is comprised of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. These investments of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which have been and may, in the future, be exacerbated by a U.S. and/or global financial crisis. We may realize losses in the fair value of certain of our investments or a complete loss of these investments if the credit markets tighten, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and its financial condition and results of operations. Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. If any of our counterparties to any such instruments were to be placed into receivership, we may be unable to access such funds. In addition, if any parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties’ ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. Although we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. The results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. 38 Further, any additional deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by parties with whom we conduct business, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a party with whom we conduct business may fail to make payments when due, default under their agreements with us, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. Any bankruptcy or insolvency, or the failure to make payments when due, of any counterparty of ours, or the loss of any significant relationships, could result in material losses to us and may material adverse impacts on our business. Risks Related to Our Industry Failure to obtain regulatory approval in international jurisdictions would prevent our Products from being marketed abroad. In the event we pursue the right to market and sell our Products in jurisdictions other than the U.S., we or our potential third-party partners would be required to obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements in each foreign country. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing. The time required to obtain approval may differ substantially from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process outside the U.S. generally includes all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries outside the U.S., it is required that the product be approved for reimbursement before the product can be approved for sale in that country. In the event we choose to pursue them, we or our potential third-party partners may not obtain approvals from regulatory authorities outside the U.S. on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory authority outside the U.S. does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. However, failure to obtain approval in one jurisdiction may impact our or our potential third-party partners’ ability to obtain approval elsewhere. If we or our potential third-party partners are unable in the future to obtain approval of a product candidate by regulatory authorities in non-U.S. jurisdictions, the commercial prospects of that product candidate may be significantly diminished and our business prospects could decline. If we fail to comply with continuing federal, state and foreign regulations with respect to our Products for which we obtain regulatory approval, we could lose our approvals to market drugs, and our business would be seriously harmed. Our Products for which we obtain regulatory approval remain subject to ongoing requirements of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including requirements related to manufacturing, quality control, further development, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, import, export, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping, and reporting of safety and other postmarket information. Following initial regulatory approval for drugs we develop, including our Products, we remain subject to continuing regulatory review, including review of adverse drug experiences and clinical results that may be reported after drug products become commercially available. This would include results from any postmarketing tests or continued actions required as a condition of approval. The manufacturer and manufacturing facilities we use to make any of our drug candidates will also be subject to periodic review and inspection by the FDA. If a previously unknown problem or problems with a Product or a manufacturing and laboratory facility used by us is discovered, the FDA or foreign regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that Product or on the manufacturing facility, including requiring us to withdraw the Product from the market. Any changes to an approved product, including the way it is manufactured or promoted, often require FDA approval before the product, as modified, can be marketed. We and our contract manufacturers will also be subject to ongoing FDA requirements for submission of safety and other postmarket information. If we and our contract manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency may: • issue warning letters; • impose civil or criminal penalties; • suspend or withdraw our regulatory approval; 39 • suspend or terminate any of our ongoing clinical trials; • refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us; • impose restrictions on our operations; • close the facilities of our contract manufacturers; or • seize or detain products or require a product recall. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our Products and generate revenue. Additionally, such regulatory review covers a company’s activities in the promotion of its drugs, with significant potential penalties and restrictions for promotion of drugs for an unapproved use or other inappropriate sales and marketing activities. Advertising and promotion of any product candidate that obtains approval in the U.S. will be heavily scrutinized by the FDA, the Department of Justice, and the Department of Health and Human Services’ Office of Inspector General. Violations of applicable advertising and promotion laws and regulations, including promotion of products for unapproved (or off-label) uses, are subject to enforcement letters, inquiries and investigations and civil and criminal sanctions by the FDA. We are also required to submit information on our open and completed clinical trials to public registries and databases; failure to comply with these requirements could expose us to negative publicity, fines and penalties that could harm our business. We are also required to comply with the requirements to submit to governmental authorities information on payments to physicians and certain other third parties. Failure to comply with these requirements could expose us to negative publicity, fines and penalties that could harm our business. The commercial use of our Products may cause unintended side effects or adverse reactions, or incidents of misuse may occur, which could adversely affect our business. We cannot predict whether any commercial use of our product candidates, once approved, will produce undesirable or unintended side effects that have not been evident in clinical trials conducted for such product candidates to date. Additionally, incidents of Product misuse may occur. These events, including the reporting of adverse safety events, among others, could result in Product recalls, product liability actions related to our Products or withdrawals or additional regulatory controls (including additional regulatory scrutiny and requirements for additional labeling), all of which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. The pharmaceutical industry is subject to significant regulation and oversight pursuant to anti-kickback laws, false claims statutes and anti-corruption laws, which may result in significant additional expense and limit our ability to commercialize our Products. In addition, any failure to comply with these regulations could result in substantial fines or penalties. We are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulations that are enforced by the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business, as well as foreign jurisdictions in which we may conduct business. Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any drug product with marketing approval. Our future arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our Products with marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, the following: • the Federal healthcare programs’ Anti-Kickback Law, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 40 • federal false claims laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs that are false or fraudulent. This false claims liability may attach in the event that a company is found to have knowingly submitted false average sales price, best price or other pricing data to the government or to have unlawfully promoted its drug products; • the federal Civil Monetary Penalties law, which prohibits, among other things, offering or transferring remuneration to a federal healthcare beneficiary that a person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary’s decision to order or receive items or services reimbursable by the government from a particular provider or supplier; • the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA") also prohibits, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services; • federal "sunshine" laws, now known as Open Payments, that require transparency regarding financial arrangements with healthcare providers, such as the reporting and disclosure requirements imposed by the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act within PPACA on drug manufacturers regarding any "payment or transfer of value" made or distributed to physicians, other healthcare professionals, and teaching hospitals as well as ownership and investment interests held by such physicians and their family; • the Drug Supply Chain Security Act (“DSCSA”), which imposes obligations on entities in the commercial product supply chain, including manufacturers, to identify and track prescription drugs as they are distributed in the United States; • state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, state transparency laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures and pricing information, state laws limiting interactions between pharmaceutical manufacturers and members of the healthcare industry, state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources, marketing restrictions and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal laws, thus complicating compliance efforts; and; • increasingly complex standards for complying with foreign laws and regulations, including those of the EU, that may differ substantially from country to country and may conflict with corresponding U.S. laws and regulations. The risk of being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Moreover, certain healthcare reform legislation has strengthened many of these laws. For example, the PPACA, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback and criminal healthcare fraud statutes to clarify that a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, PPACA provides that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the false claims statutes. Finally, 41 some states, such as California, Massachusetts and Vermont, mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs to ensure compliance with these laws. In addition, a number of states have laws that require pharmaceutical companies to track and report payments, gifts and other benefits provided to physicians and other healthcare professionals and entities. The FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from providing money or anything of value to officials of foreign governments, foreign political parties, or international organizations with the intent to obtain or retain business or seek a business advantage. A determination that our operations or activities are not, or were not, in compliance with U.S. or foreign laws or regulations could result in the imposition of substantial fines, interruptions of business, loss of supplier, vendor or other third-party relationships, termination of necessary licenses and permits, and other legal or equitable sanctions. Other internal or government investigations or legal or regulatory proceedings, including lawsuits brought by private litigants, may also follow as a consequence. Changes in laws affecting the healthcare industry could also adversely affect our revenues and profitability, including new laws, regulations or judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations or decisions related to patent protection and enforcement, healthcare availability, and drug product pricing and marketing. Changes in FDA regulations and regulations issued by other regulatory agencies inside and outside of the U.S., including new or different approval requirements, timelines and processes, may also require additional safety monitoring, labeling changes, restrictions on product distribution or other measures that could increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect the market for our Products. The enactment in the U.S. of healthcare reform, new legislation or implementation of existing statutory provisions on importation of lower-cost competing drugs from other jurisdictions and legislation on comparative effectiveness research are examples of previously enacted and possible future changes in laws that could adversely affect our business. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs, like Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Although compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, the risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Any action against us for violation of these laws or regulations, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable federal, state and foreign privacy, security and fraud laws may prove costly. We may incur significant liability if it is determined that we are promoting the "off-label" use of drugs or promoting in a non-truthful and misleading way. We are prohibited from promoting our Products that receive regulatory approval for "off-label" uses or promoting in a non-truthful and misleading way that are not described in its labeling and that differ from the uses approved by the FDA. Physicians may prescribe drug products for off-label uses, and such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. The FDA and other regulatory agencies do not regulate a physician’s choice of treatments. However, they do restrict pharmaceutical companies and their sales representatives’ dissemination of information concerning off-label use. The FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce regulations prohibiting promotion of products for off-label uses and the promotion of products for which marketing authorization has not been obtained. A company that is found to have promoted products for off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including civil and administrative remedies as well as criminal sanctions. Notwithstanding the regulatory restrictions on off-label promotion, the FDA and other regulatory authorities allow companies to engage in truthful, non-misleading, and non-promotional scientific exchanges concerning their products. The FDA or other regulatory authorities may conclude that we have violated applicable laws, rules or regulations, and we may therefore be subject to significant liability, including civil and administrative remedies, as well as criminal sanctions. Such enforcement actions could cause us reputational harm and divert the attention of our management from our business operations. Likewise, our distribution and contracting partners and those providing 42 vendor support services may also be the subject of regulatory investigations involving, or remedies or sanctions for, off-label promotion of our Products, which may adversely impact sales of our Products or trigger indemnification obligations. These consequences, could, in turn, have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common shares to decline. Healthcare reform could increase our expenses and adversely affect the commercial success of our Products. The U.S. and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted a number of reform proposals to change the healthcare system. There is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality or expanding access. In the U.S., the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by federal and state legislative initiatives, including those designed to limit the pricing, coverage, and reimbursement of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products, especially under government-funded healthcare programs, and increased governmental control of drug pricing. For example, the PPACA includes numerous provisions that affect pharmaceutical companies. The PPACA seeks to expand healthcare coverage to the uninsured through private health insurance reforms and an expansion of Medicaid. The PPACA also imposes substantial costs on pharmaceutical manufacturers, such as an increase in liability for rebates paid to Medicaid, new drug discounts that must be offered to certain enrollees in the Medicare prescription drug benefit and an annual fee imposed on all manufacturers of brand prescription drugs in the U.S. The PPACA also requires increased disclosure obligations—including those required under the "sunshine" laws—and an expansion of an existing program requiring pharmaceutical discounts to certain types of hospitals and federally subsidized clinics and contains cost-containment measures that could reduce reimbursement levels for pharmaceutical products. In addition, the IRA extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in PPACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the "donut hole" under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. These and other aspects of the PPACA, including the regulations that may be imposed in connection with the implementation of the PPACA, could increase our expenses and adversely affect our ability to successfully commercialize our Products. There have been, and we anticipate that there will be, healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future that may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward pressure on the reimbursement for healthcare products and services. These reform measures may limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, and also indirectly affect the amounts that private payors are willing to pay. Moreover, in the U.S., there have been several presidential executive orders, congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products. Drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. Conducting clinical trials is a lengthy, time-consuming and expensive process. For example, we incurred significant expenses in developing our Products, with no guarantees that doing so would result in a commercially viable product. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any products, we, or our potential partners, must demonstrate through preclinical testing and clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective for their intended uses in humans. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial expense and devote a significant amount of time to preclinical testing and clinical trials. The outcome of clinical testing is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. In addition, regulations are not static, and regulatory agencies, including the FDA, alter their staff, interpretations and practices and may in the future impose more stringent requirements than are currently in effect, which may adversely affect our planned drug development and/or our commercialization efforts. Satisfying regulatory requirements typically takes a significant number of years and can vary substantially based on the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate. Our business, results of operations and financial 43 condition could be materially and adversely affected by any delays in, or termination of, our clinical trials. Factors that could impede our ability to generate commercially viable products through the conduct of clinical trials include: • insufficient funds to conduct clinical trials; • the inability to find partners, if necessary, for support, including research, development, manufacturing or clinical needs; • the failure of tests or studies necessary to submit an NDA, such as clinical studies, bioequivalence studies in support of a 505(b)(2) regulatory filing, or stability studies; • the failure of clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates to the extent necessary to obtain regulatory approvals; • the failure by us or third-party investigators, CROs, or other third parties involved in the research to adhere to regulatory requirements applicable to the conduct of clinical trials; • the failure of preclinical testing and early clinical trials to predict results of later clinical trials; • any delay in completion of clinical trials caused by a regional, national or global disturbance where we or our collaborative partners are enrolling patients in clinical studies, such as global pandemics and other public health emergencies, war, terrorist activities or political unrest, cyberattacks, a natural or man-made disaster or any other reason or event, resulting in increased costs; • any delay in obtaining advice from the FDA or similar regulatory authorities; and • the inability to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates following completion of clinical trials, or delays in obtaining such approvals. From time to time, even if a product candidate has not failed, we may voluntarily determine to pause development, which effectively halts our ability to commercialize the product. For example, we decided to pause the development of HTX-034 to evaluate the program and market potential going forward. There can be no assurance that our decisions with respect to such pauses, and subsequent resumptions, if any, will yield the most favorable result for the Company. There can be no assurance, that if our clinical trials are successfully initiated and completed, we will be able to obtain approval by the FDA in the U.S. or similar regulatory authorities elsewhere in the world in a timely manner, if at all. If we fail to successfully develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenues to attain profitability, and our reputation in the industry and in the investment community would likely be significantly damaged, each of which would cause our stock price to significantly decrease. Delays in, or suspensions and terminations of, clinical testing could increase our costs and delay our ability to obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates. Before we can receive regulatory approval for the commercial sale of our product candidates, the FDA and comparable authorities in non-U.S. jurisdictions require extensive preclinical safety testing and clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy. Significant delays in preclinical and clinical testing could materially impact our product development costs and delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. Our ability to complete clinical trials in a timely manner, or at all, has in the past been, and could in the future be impacted by, among other factors: • delay or failure in reaching agreement with the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority on a trial design that we are able to execute; 44 • delay or failure in obtaining authorization to commence a trial or inability to comply with conditions imposed by a regulatory authority regarding the scope or design of a clinical study; • delay or failure in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; • delay or failure in obtaining IRB approval or the approval of other reviewing entities, including comparable foreign entities, to conduct a clinical trial at each site; • withdrawal of clinical trial sites from our clinical trials as a result of changing standards of care or the ineligibility of a site to participate in our clinical trials; • delay or failure in obtaining clinical materials; • delay or failure in recruiting and enrolling suitable subjects to participate in a trial; • delay or failure of subjects completing a trial or returning for post-treatment follow-up; • clinical sites and investigators deviating from trial protocol, failing to conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, or dropping out of a trial; • inability to identify and maintain a sufficient number of trial sites, many of which may already be engaged in other clinical trial programs, including some that may be for the same indication; • failure of our third-party clinical trial managers to satisfy their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines; • delay or failure in adding new clinical trial sites; • ambiguous or negative interim results or results that are inconsistent with earlier results; • feedback from the FDA, the IRB, data safety monitoring boards or comparable foreign entities, or results from earlier stage or concurrent preclinical and clinical studies that might require modification to the protocol; • decisions by the FDA, the IRB, comparable foreign regulatory entities, or recommendations by a data safety monitoring board or comparable foreign regulatory entity to suspend or terminate clinical trials at any time for safety issues or for any other reason; • unacceptable risk-benefit profiles or unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects; • failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug; • manufacturing issues, including problems with manufacturing or obtaining from third parties sufficient quantities of a product candidate for use in clinical trials; and • changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. 45 We rely on CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials and while we have agreements governing their activities, we have limited influence over CROs’ actual performance. Our failure to successfully establish, recruit for, and oversee our clinical trials could delay our product development efforts and negatively impact our business. If we experience delays in the completion of any ongoing study, the commercial prospects of our product candidates or any of our other future product candidates could be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue will be delayed. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow our product candidates’ development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. Our use of hazardous materials could subject us to liabilities, fines and sanctions. Our laboratory and clinical testing sometimes involve use of hazardous, radioactive or otherwise toxic materials. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing how we use, manufacture, handle, store and dispose of these materials. Although we believe that our safety procedures for handling and disposing of such materials comply in all material respects with all federal, state and local regulations and standards, there is always the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for any damages that result, and we could also be subject to fines and penalties and such liability and costs could exceed our financial resources. If we fail to comply with these regulations and standards or with the conditions attached to our operating licenses, the licenses could be revoked, and we could be subjected to criminal sanctions and substantial financial liability or be required to suspend or modify our operations. Compliance with environmental and other laws may be expensive and current or future regulations may impair our product development efforts. Our employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have a negative impact on our business. We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations or similar regulations of comparable foreign regulatory authorities, provide accurate information to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, comply with manufacturing standards we have established, comply with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations and similar laws and regulations established and enforced by comparable foreign regulatory authorities, report financial information or data accurately, or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. We are and may become subject to stringent and evolving laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions, litigation, fines and penalties, disruptions of our business operations, reputational harm, loss of revenue or profits, and other adverse business consequences. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, "processing") personal data and other sensitive information, including proprietary and confidential business data, trade secrets, intellectual property, sensitive third-party data, business plans, transactions and financial information (collectively, "sensitive data"). Our 46 data processing activities may subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contractual requirements, and other obligations relating to data privacy and security. In the U.S., federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws). For example, the CCPA requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of California residents to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA provides for civil penalties of up to $7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. In addition, the CPRA, which became operative January 1, 2023, expanded the CCPA’s requirements, including applying to personal information of business representatives and employees and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. Other states, such as Virginia and Colorado, have also passed comprehensive data privacy and security laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. These developments may further complicate compliance efforts and may increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and the third parties upon whom we rely. For example, HIPAA imposes specific requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Healthcare providers who prescribe our products and from whom we may obtain patient health information are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA. We currently are not a HIPAA covered entity, do not intend to become one, and we do not operate as a business associate to any covered entities. We could be subject to criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain individually identifiable health information from a covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA or for aiding and abetting the violation of HIPAA. We are unable to predict whether our actions could be subject to prosecution in the event of an impermissible disclosure of health information to us. Outside the U.S., an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards may govern data privacy and security. For example, GDPR imposes strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze and transfer personal data, including health data from clinical trials and adverse event reporting. In particular, these obligations and restrictions concern, when required, the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, the transfer of personal data out of the EU or the United Kingdom, security breach notifications, security and confidentiality of the personal data and imposition of substantial potential fines for breaches of the data protection obligations. In addition, the EU and other jurisdictions have enacted laws restricting the transfer of personal data from the EU and other jurisdictions to the United States due to data localization requirements or limitations on cross-border data flows. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EU and United Kingdom to the United States in compliance with law, these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. In addition to data privacy and security laws, we may be contractually subject to industry standards adopted by industry groups and may become subject to such obligations in the future. We may also be bound by other contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. We may publish privacy policies, marketing materials, and other statements, such as compliance with certain certifications or self-regulatory principles, regarding data privacy and security. If these policies, materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators, or other adverse consequences. Obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing, becoming increasingly stringent, and creating regulatory uncertainty. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources and may necessitate changes to our services, information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. We may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) in our efforts to comply with our data privacy and security obligations. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties on whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations. If we or the third parties on which we rely fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with applicable data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant 47 consequences, including but not limited to: government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-action claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; and orders to destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: loss of customers; inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or substantial changes to our business model or operations. Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we and the third parties upon which we rely may process sensitive data, and, as a result, we and the third parties upon which we rely face a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to ransomware attacks, which could cause security incidents. Cyber-attacks, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud, and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our sensitive data and information technology systems, and those of the third parties upon which we rely. Such threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer "hackers," threat actors, "hacktivists," organized criminal threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation states, and nation-state-supported actors. Some actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks, including without limitation nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, we and the third parties upon which we rely may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including retaliatory cyber-attacks, that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our services. We and the third parties upon which we rely may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. In particular, severe ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of sensitive data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. The increase in remote work has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers, and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. Additionally, future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities’ systems and technologies. Further, our reliance on third-party service providers could introduce new cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, including supply-chain attacks, and other threats to our business operations. We may rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive data in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, employee email, and other functions. We may also rely on third-party service providers to provide other products, services, parts, or otherwise to operate our business. Our ability to monitor these third parties’ information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If our third-party service providers experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their data privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. In addition, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties’ infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners’ supply chains have not been compromised. 48 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption that could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our sensitive data or our information technology systems, or those of the third parties upon whom we rely. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our services. We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities to try to protect against security incidents. Additionally, certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures or industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive data. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We may be unable in the future to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive data (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause customers to stop using our services, deter new customers from using our services, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. In addition to experiencing a security incident, third parties may gather, collect, or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers, or other means that reveals competitively sensitive details about our organization and could be used to undermine our competitive advantage or market position. Changes in government policies, laws, and regulations and with respect to the government workforce may have a negative impact on our business and the markets in which we operate. The laws and regulations governing our operations, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to time, and new laws and regulations may be enacted. Similarly, operational changes at government agencies, including actions intended to reduce government spending at agencies that regulate significant parts of our business, such as the FDA and CMS, could have a significant impact on the implementation of laws and regulations that impact our business. For example, the layoffs and reorganizations at several U.S. health agencies, including the FDA, the Department of Health and Human Services (the "HHS"), the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health, are expected to impact the FDA's ability to review and approve new medicines and conduct necessary inspections. Over the last several years, the U.S. government has also shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and SEC, have had to furlough employees, experience substantial funding cuts and pause or delay critical activities. In addition, government funding of agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable, and spending allocations may undergo significant changes through congressional budgeting and 49 appropriations processes. Such disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also increase the time necessary for new drugs or modifications to approved drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. There is also a great degree of uncertainty related to the impact of U.S. Supreme Court decisions and executive orders on the enforcement and decision-making authority of regulatory agencies, including those in the FDA, which may lead to delays, if not cancellations, of pending and proposed regulations at federal agencies and subject significant regulatory actions by the agencies to presidential supervision and control. Accordingly, any change in these laws or regulations, changes in their interpretation, or newly enacted laws or regulations and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations could require changes to certain of our business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business. For example, significant changes to U.S. trade policy, including potential new or increased tariffs, along with countermeasures by the affected countries, may impact global trade, create sourcing challenges with respect to raw materials and instruments and increase our costs, potentially harming our business. The U.S. has imposed increased tariffs on certain countries and other countries have responded by announcing retaliatory tariffs on U.S. imports. The tariffs have disrupted and may continue to disrupt the global markets and escalate geopolitical tensions between the U.S. and other countries. The extent of the impact of such tariffs and proposed regulations on our business specifically, or on the U.S. market and global economy generally, are uncertain and unpredictable, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the U.S. may also enact other regulations or policies that affect trade or otherwise impact the pharmaceutical industry by restricting U.S. pharmaceutical companies from contracting with certain countries for the development, research or manufacturing of pharmaceutical products.  For a discussion on the BIOSECURE Act and related risks, see "

--- VENDORS ---
vendors reside, which could include natural or man-made disasters, including severe weather, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war or terrorism, armed conflict, resource shortages or geopolitical instability, including as a result of increased tariffs and changing regulations and policies that may disrupt global markets or escalate tensions between countries. Such adverse events could cause global supply chain interruptions that could increase our costs and, to the extent such interruptions impair our ability to have sufficient inventory, cause us to lose revenue or market share. We continually evaluate our supply chains to identify potential risks and needs for additional manufacturers and other suppliers for the

--- MANUFACTURING ---
manufacturing partners or suppliers now or in the future in order to avoid such tariffs, the terms of new agreements that we may enter into may not be favorable to us and related operational disruptions may heighten manufacturing and compliance risks and derail commercialization plans. Currently, the various tariffs that have been announced and enacted are not expected to have a material impact on the Company.  However, new tariffs or changes in the facts and circumstances impacting the Company could have a material impact to the Company. Moreover, uncertainty with respect to legislation, regulation and government policy at the federal, state and local levels, has introduced new and difficult-to-quantify macroeconomic and geopolitical risks with potentially far-reaching implications. There are currently a number of laws and regulations in the U.S. that have recently been adopted but not yet implemented, have been proposed or are being considered to which we or our customers may become subject, including healthcare reform initiatives and potential spending and tax proposals, but at this time their impact on our business and results of operations remains uncertain. Changes in legislation, regulation or policy increase the likelihood that we will fail to appropriately adapt to changes in our compliance obligations, particularly when such changes happen abruptly, such as following a change in government. Any of the foregoing changes could 50 increase our litigation and regulatory exposure, directly impact our results of operations and cash flows, adversely affect our ability to provide our products, or adversely impact the demand for our Products. Such changes may also impact our business by creating increased volatility and uncertainty in the markets in which we operate. At this time, we cannot predict the ultimate content, timing, or effect of these changes, including any legislative, regulatory and other actions under the new U.S. administration, or estimate the overall impact of any such changes on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property If we are unable to adequately protect or enforce our intellectual property rights, we may lose valuable assets or incur costly litigation to protect our rights. Our policy is to actively seek patent protection in the U.S. and to pursue equivalent patent claims in selected foreign countries, thereby seeking patent coverage for novel technologies and compositions of matter that may be commercially important to the development of our business. Granted patents include claims covering the product composition, methods of use and methods of preparation. Our existing patents may not cover future products, additional patents may not be issued and current patents, or patents issued in the future, may not provide meaningful protection or prove to be of commercial benefit. The patent positions of pharmaceutical companies, including ours, are uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions. In addition, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued. Consequently, our patent applications may not issue into patents, and any issued patents may not provide sufficient protection for our product candidates or provide sufficient protection to afford us a commercial advantage against competitive technologies or may be held invalid if challenged or circumvented. Patent applications in the U.S. are maintained in confidence for at least 18 months after their filing. Consequently, we cannot be certain that the patent applications we are pursuing will lead to the issuance of any patent or be free from infringement or other claims from other parties. Our competitors may also independently develop products similar to ours or design around or otherwise circumvent patents issued to us or licensed by us. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as U.S. laws. We may have to enforce our intellectual property rights against third parties who infringe our patents and other intellectual property or challenge our patent or trademark applications. For example, in the U.S., putative generics of innovator drug products (including products in which the innovation comprises a new drug delivery method for an existing product, such as the drug delivery market occupied by us) may file Abbreviated New Drug Applications ("ANDA") and, in doing so, certify that their products either do not infringe the innovator’s patents or that the innovator’s patents are invalid. This often results in litigation between the innovator and the ANDA applicant. This type of litigation is commonly known as "Paragraph IV" litigation in the U.S. On July 27, 2022, we filed a complaint for patent infringement of certain CINVANTI patents against Fresenius Kabi USA, LLC ("Fresenius Kabi") and a related entity in the District of Delaware in response to Fresenius Kabi’s ANDA filing seeking approval to manufacture, use or sell a generic version of CINVANTI in the U.S. prior to expiration of the CINVANTI patents. While in December 2024, the District Court found that the Company’s CINVANTI patents are valid and would be infringed by Fresenius Kabi’s proposed generic product, this decision is currently pending appeal and there is no guarantee that other similar or future litigation will be resolved in our favor. These litigations, of which there are often multiple in process at one time, could result in new or additional generic competition to any of our Products and our product candidates and a potential reduction in product revenue. For example, there is pending litigation relating to the Company’s CINVANTI patents against Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc., and Azurity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (and its subsidiaries). We may enter into collaborative agreements that may subject us to obligations that must be fulfilled and require us to manage complex relationships with third parties. In the future, if we are unable to meet our obligations or manage our relationships with our collaborators under these agreements our revenue may decrease. The loss or diminution of our intellectual property rights could result in a decision by our third-party collaborators to terminate their agreements with us. In addition, these agreements are generally complex and contain provisions that could give rise to legal disputes, including potential disputes concerning ownership of intellectual property and data under 51 collaborations. Such disputes can lead to lengthy, expensive litigation or arbitration, requiring us to divert management time and resources to such dispute. Because the patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies involve complex legal and factual questions, enforceability of patents cannot be predicted with certainty. The ultimate degree of patent protection that will be afforded to products and processes, including ours, in the U.S., remains uncertain and is dependent on the scope of protection decided on by the patent offices, courts and lawmakers in these countries. The America Invents Act, which was enacted in 2011 and reformed certain patent laws in the U.S., may create additional uncertainty. Patents, if issued, may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented. As more products are commercialized using our proprietary product platforms, or as any product achieves greater commercial success, our patents become more likely to be subject to challenge by potential competitors. We also rely on trade secrets, technical know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our competitive position. We require our employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators to execute appropriate confidentiality and assignment-of-inventions agreements with us. These agreements typically provide that all materials and confidential information developed or made known to the individual during the course of the individual’s relationship with us is to be kept confidential and not disclosed to third parties except in specific circumstances, and that all inventions arising out of the individual’s relationship with us shall be our exclusive property. These agreements may be breached, and in some instances, we may not have an appropriate remedy available for such breach. Furthermore, our competitors may independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques, reverse engineer our information and techniques, or otherwise gain access to our proprietary technology. We may be unable to meaningfully protect our rights in trade secrets, technical know-how and other non-patented technology. We may have to resort to litigation to protect our intellectual property rights, or to determine their scope, validity or enforceability. In addition, interference proceedings declared by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patent applications. Enforcing or defending our proprietary rights is expensive, could cause diversion of our resources and may not prove successful. In addition, courts outside the U.S. may be less willing to protect trade secrets. Costly and time-consuming litigation could be necessary to seek to enforce and determine the scope of our proprietary rights. Any failure to enforce or protect our rights could cause us to lose the ability to exclude others from using our technology to develop or sell competing products. We may be subject to claims that we have infringed on the intellectual property rights of others, and any litigation could force us to stop developing or selling potential products and could be costly, divert management attention and harm our business. We must be able to develop products without infringing the proprietary rights of other parties. Because the markets in which we operate involve established competitors with significant patent portfolios, including patents relating to the composition of a variety of polymers, specific products, product groups and processing technology, it could be difficult for us to use our technologies or develop products without infringing the proprietary rights of others. Therefore, there is risk that third parties may make claims of infringement against our Products, our product candidates or our technologies. We may not be able to design around the patented technologies or inventions of others, and we may not be able to obtain licenses to use patented technologies on acceptable terms, or at all. If we cannot operate without infringing the proprietary rights of others, we will not be able to develop or commercialize some or all of our product candidates, and consequently will not be able to earn product revenue. There is considerable uncertainty within the pharmaceutical industry about the validity, scope and enforceability of many issued patents in the U.S. and elsewhere in the world. We cannot currently determine the ultimate scope and validity of patents that may be granted to third parties in the future or which patents might be asserted to be infringed by any future manufacture, use or sale of our Products and our product candidates. In part as a result of this uncertainty, there has been, and we expect that there may continue to be, significant litigation in the pharmaceutical industry regarding patents and other intellectual property rights. If we are required to defend ourselves in a patent-infringement lawsuit, we could incur substantial costs, and the lawsuit could divert management attention, regardless of the lawsuit’s merit or outcome. These legal actions could seek damages and seek to enjoin testing, manufacturing and marketing of the accused product or process. In addition to potential liability for significant damages, we could be required to redesign affected products or obtain a license 52 to continue to manufacture or market the accused product or process and any license required under any such patent may not be made available to us on acceptable terms, if at all. Competitors may sue us as a way of delaying the introduction of our Products and our product candidates. Any litigation, including any interference or derivation proceedings to determine priority of inventions, oppositions or other post-grant review proceedings to patents in the U.S. or in countries outside the U.S., or litigation against our partners may be costly and time-consuming and could harm our business. We expect that litigation may be necessary in some instances to determine the validity and scope of certain of our proprietary rights. Litigation may be necessary in other instances to determine the validity, scope and/or non-infringement of certain patent rights claimed by third parties to be pertinent to the manufacture, use or sale of our Products and our product candidates. Ultimately, the outcome of such litigation could adversely affect the validity and scope of our patent or other proprietary rights or hinder our ability to manufacture and market our Products and our product candidates. Periodically, we review publicly available information regarding the development efforts of others in order to determine whether these efforts may violate our proprietary rights. We occasionally determine that litigation is necessary to enforce our proprietary rights against others. Such litigation can result in substantial expense, regardless of its outcome, and may not be resolved in our favor. We may be subject to claims that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. As is common in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although no claims against us are currently pending, we may be subject to claims that these employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. Risks Related to Our Common Stock The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be volatile. The stock markets, in general, and in particular with respect to biotech and life sciences companies, have experienced extreme volatility that has often been unrelated to the operating performance of particular companies. These broad market fluctuations may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the limited trading volume of our stock may contribute to its volatility. Our stock price may be particularly volatile given the stage of our business. In the past, following periods of volatility in the market price of a particular company’s securities, litigation has often been brought against that company. If litigation of this type is brought against us, it could be extremely expensive and divert management’s attention and our Company’s resources. Our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and Delaware law contain provisions that could discourage another company from acquiring us and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. Provisions of Delaware law, our certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a merger or acquisition that stockholders may consider favorable, including transactions in which you might otherwise receive a premium for your shares. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace or remove our Board of Directors (the "Board"). These provisions include authorizing the issuance of "blank check" preferred stock without any need for action by stockholders. In addition, Section 203 of Delaware General Corporation Law, which is applicable to us, may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our Company by prohibiting stockholders owning in excess of 15% of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us, unless certain approvals are obtained. 53 Future utilization of net operating loss carryforwards or research and development credit carryforwards may be impaired due to changes in ownership. We believe our net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards, and certain other tax attributes, may be subject to limitation under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 ("IRC"). As a result, our deferred tax assets, and related valuation allowance, have been reduced for the estimated impact of the net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards that we currently estimate may expire, unused. Utilization of our remaining net operating loss and research and development credit carryforwards may still be subject to substantial annual limitations due to ownership change limitations provided by the IRC and similar state provisions for ownership changes after August 2025, including those that may come in conjunction with future equity financings or market trades by our stockholders. Our Board has adopted a Tax Benefit Preservation Plan, dated August 14, 2025, with Computershare Trust Company, N.A., as rights agent, to act as a deterrent to any person acquiring 4.99% or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock, or any existing 4.99% or greater holder from acquiring any additional shares of our common stock, in each case, without the approval of the Board and thus mitigate the threat that stock ownership changes present to our net operating loss asset. Actions of activist stockholders could impact the pursuit of our business strategies, cause us to incur substantial costs, divert our management’s attention and resources, and adversely affect our business, results of operations, liquidity, financial condition, and the trading price of our common stock. While we value constructive input from investors and regularly engage in dialogue with our stockholders, and we welcome their views and opinions regarding strategy and performance, we may be subject to actions or proposals from activist stockholders that may not align with our business strategies or the interests of our other stockholders, and the Board and our management are committed to acting in the best interests of all of our stockholders. Accordingly, there is no assurance that the actions taken by the Board and our management in seeking to maintain constructive engagement with certain stockholders will be successful in preventing the occurrence of stockholder activist campaigns. As previously reported, in February 2023, we entered into a Cooperation Agreement with two of our stockholders, Rubric Capital Management LP and certain of its affiliates and Velan Capital Investment Management LP and certain of its affiliates (collectively, the "Investor Group"), regarding certain changes to the composition of the Board, among other items. In August 2025, we entered into a Cooperation Agreement with Rubric Capital Management LP, regarding certain changes to the composition of the Board and other related matters. Proxy contests have been waged against many companies in the biopharmaceutical industry over the last few years. If faced with any proxy contest or activist stockholder request or action in the future, we may not be able or willing to respond successfully to the contest, request, or action, which could be significantly disruptive to our business. Even if we are successful, our business, results of operations, liquidity, financial condition, and trading price of our common stock could be adversely affected by any proxy contest or activist stockholder request or action involving us because: • responding to proxy contests and requests or actions by activist stockholders can be costly and time-consuming, disrupting operations and diverting the attention of management and employees, and can lead to uncertainty; • perceived uncertainties as to the future direction of the Company and our business may result in the loss of potential acquisitions, collaborations or in-licensing opportunities, and may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners; • if individuals are elected or appointed to the Board with a specific agenda, it may adversely affect our ability to effectively implement our strategic plan in a timely manner and create additional value for our stockholders; and 54 • if individuals are elected or appointed to the Board who do not agree with our strategic plan, the ability of the Board to function effectively could be adversely affected. We cannot predict, and no assurances can be given, as to the outcome or timing of any matters relating to the foregoing actions by activist stockholders and our responses thereto or the ultimate impact on our business, results of operations, liquidity, financial condition, and trading price of our common stock. Any such activist stockholder contests, requests or actions, or the mere public presence of activist stockholders among our stockholder base, could cause the market price of our common stock to experience periods of significant volatility or stagnation. If we identify a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, our ability to meet our reporting obligations and the trading price of our common stock could be negatively affected. A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Accordingly, a material weakness increases the risk that the financial information we report contains material errors. We regularly review and update our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures and corporate governance policies. In addition, we are required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to report annually on our internal control over financial reporting. Any system of internal controls, however well designed and operated, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. If we, or our independent registered public accounting firm, determine that our internal controls over financial reporting are not effective, or we discover areas that need improvement in the future, these shortcomings could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. If we cannot conclude that we have effective internal control over our financial reporting, investors could lose confidence in the reliability of our financial statements. Failure to comply with reporting requirements could also subject us to sanctions and/or investigations by the SEC, The Nasdaq Capital Market or other regulatory authorities. Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be the source of gain for our stockholders. We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all of our current and future earnings to finance the growth and development of our business. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source of gain for our stockholders for the foreseeable future. 55 ITEM 1B.	UNRESOLVE D STAFF COMMENTS . None. ITEM 1C. CYBERSECU RITY Risk Management and Strategy In the ordinary course of our business, we collect, use, store, and transmit digitally large amounts of confidential, sensitive, proprietary, and personal information. The secure maintenance of this information and our information technology systems is important to our operations and business strategy. To this end, we have implemented processes designed to assess, identify, and manage risks from potential unauthorized occurrences on or through our information technology systems that may result in adverse effects on the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of these systems and the data residing therein. These processes are managed and monitored by a dedicated information technology team, which is led by our Chief Financial Officer and include mechanisms, controls, technologies, systems, and other processes designed to prevent or mitigate data loss, theft, misuse, or other security incidents or vulnerabilities affecting the data and maintain a stable information technology environment. For example, we conduct vulnerability testing, data recovery testing, security audits, and ongoing risk assessments, including due diligence on and audits of our key technology vendors, and other contractors and suppliers. We also conduct periodic employee training on cyber and information security, among other topics. In addition, we consult with outside advisors and experts, when appropriate to assist with assessing, identifying, and managing cybersecurity risks, including to anticipate future threats and trends, and their impact on the Company’s risk environment. In the last fiscal year, we have not identified risks from known cybersecurity threats, including any prior cybersecurity incidents, that have materially affected us . However, we face certain ongoing cybersecurity threats that, if realized, are reasonably likely to materially affect us. Additional information on cybersecurity risks we face is discussed in Part I,

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials necessary to manufacture our Products; • our ability to establish and maintain successful commercial arrangements like our co-promotion agreement with Crosslink Network; • our ability to access third parties to manufacture and distribute our Products on acceptable terms or at all and those third parties’ ability and/or willingness to fully perform their obligations; • regulatory developments related to the manufacture or continued use of our Products; • conduct of post-approval study requirements and the results thereof; • the extent and effectiveness of sales and marketing and distribution support for our Products; • our competitors’ activities, including decisions as to the timing of competing product launches, generic entrants, pricing and discounting; and • any other material adverse developments with respect to the commercialization of our Products. Our business will be adversely affected if, due to these or other factors, our commercialization of our Products does not achieve the acceptance and demand necessary to sustain revenue growth. If we are unable to successfully commercialize our Products our business and results of operations will suffer. If we are unable to develop and maintain sales, marketing and distribution capabilities or enter into agreements with third parties to sell and market our Products, our sales may be adversely affected. We have established an internal commercial organization for the sale, marketing and distribution of our Products in the U.S. The development of a sales organization to market our Products is expensive and time consuming, and we cannot be certain that we will be able to successfully develop this capacity or that this function will execute as expected. If we are unable to establish and maintain adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, whether independently or with third parties, we may not be able to generate product revenue and our business and results of operations will suffer. Currently, we only have approval to market and sell our Products in the U.S and do not have current plans to expand to international markets. Furthermore, our internal sales and marketing organization is not currently structured or staffed to launch products on an international level and, therefore, we may not be able to successfully commercialize our Products outside of the U.S. In order to commercialize our Products in jurisdictions other than the U.S., we would be required to obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements in each foreign country. If we decide to seek the assistance of third parties with international expertise to help commercialize our Products outside of the U.S., we may not be successful in finding willing third parties and, even if we are able to find willing third parties, they might not be able to successfully obtain the approvals and take the steps needed to commercialize our Products. If we decide to commercialize our Products outside of the U.S. without the assistance of third parties with international expertise, it may take longer than expected to obtain the approvals and take the steps needed to commercialize them. As a result, we may decide to delay or abandon development efforts in certain markets. Any such delay or abandonment may have an adverse effect on the benefits otherwise expected from marketing our Products in foreign countries. From time to time, we may enter into additional arrangements with third parties to help commercialize our Products and we would be dependent on the subsequent efforts of these other parties to sell our Products. Currently, we have a co-promotion agreement with Crosslink Network, pursuant to which we have committed to pay Crosslink Network certain agreed-upon compensation to co-promote the sale of certain products and Crosslink Network has been appointed as our exclusive co-promoter of ZYNRELEF within the U.S. If Crosslink Network or any such other third 22 party fails to perform their obligations as anticipated for any reason, it could adversely impact our financial condition and be detrimental to our future business prospects. If we cannot maintain satisfactory pricing of our Products that is also acceptable to the U.S. government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors, or arrange for favorable reimbursement policies, our product sales may be adversely affected and our future revenue may suffer. The continuing efforts of the U.S. government, insurance companies, managed care organizations and other payors of healthcare costs to contain or reduce costs of healthcare may adversely affect our ability to generate adequate revenues and gross margins to make our Products commercially viable. Our ability to commercialize our Products successfully will depend in part on the extent to which governmental authorities, private health insurers and other organizations establish appropriate reimbursement levels for the cost of such products and related treatments and for what uses reimbursement will be provided. Adoption of our Products by the medical community may be limited if third-party payors will not offer adequate coverage. In addition, third-party payors often challenge the price and cost-effectiveness of medical products and services, and such pressure may increase in the future. In many cases, uncertainty exists as to the adequate reimbursement status of newly approved healthcare products. Accordingly, our Products may not be considered cost-effective and adequate third-party reimbursement may not be available to enable us to maintain price levels sufficient to realize a profit. Further, coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more of our Products or product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Legislation and regulations affecting the pricing of pharmaceuticals may change and any such changes could further limit reimbursement. Cost control initiatives may decrease coverage and payment levels for our Products and, in turn, the reimbursement that we receive. We are unable to predict all changes to the coverage or reimbursement methodologies that will be applied by private or government payors to our Products. If our Products do not receive adequate reimbursement, our revenue could be severely limited. In the U.S., given federal and state government initiatives directed at lowering the total cost of healthcare, the U.S. Congress and state legislatures has continued to focus on healthcare reform, to reduce the cost of prescription pharmaceuticals and reforming the Medicare and Medicaid systems. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act (collectively, the "PPACA") has resulted in sweeping changes to broaden access to health insurance, reduce or constrain the growth of healthcare spending, enhance remedies against fraud and abuse, add new transparency requirements for the healthcare and health insurance industries, impose taxes and fees on the health industry and impose additional health policy reforms. Since its enactment, there have been judicial, executive and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the PPACA. The One Big Beautiful Bill Act ("OBBBA") has enacted, among others, changes to enrollment and eligibility requirements for Medicaid and premium tax credits, which has resulted in less coverage in the PPACA’s health insurance marketplace (“Marketplace”). Further, CMS recently proposed two mandatory payment model pilots, the Guarding U.S. Medicare Against Rising Drug Costs (GUARD) Model, focused on Part D drugs, and Global Benchmark for Efficient Drug Pricing (GLOBE), focused on Part B drugs, which will require pharmaceutical companies to pay additional rebates on certain medicines, whose U.S. net-of-discount prices exceed those in certain other countries. The SUPPORT Act of 2018, established policies to encourage the prevention and treatment of opioid addiction and the development of non-opioid pain management treatments. Due to the SUPPORT Act, Medicare pays separately for certain non-opioid pain management drugs in ambulatory surgical centers ("ASC") but not in the hospital outpatient setting ("OPPS"). However, under the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2023, the prior payment policy was replaced by a new three-year period of separate payment for non-opioid pain relief products in the OPPS and ASC settings for 2025 through 2027. As of January 1, 2025, Medicare has implemented this new payment methodology, which remains in effect through December 31, 2027. ZYNRELEF is included in this new policy, as of April 1 2025, which means continued separate Medicare payment in the OPPS and ASC settings. While this change may improve access to ZYNRELEF, it may also lead to greater competition. 23 The American Rescue Plan Act of 2021, removed the statutory cap on rebates that manufacturers pay to state Medicaid programs pursuant to the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program. The Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act of 2021 also included a provision requiring drug manufacturers to pay CMS a refund for certain amounts of Part B drugs that are discarded from a single-dose container or single-use package. Under the law, and a CMS Proposed Rule issued in July 2022, this refund program became effective on January 1, 2023. Such legislation did not have a material impact on the Company, through December 31, 2025. Further, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ("IRA"), includes various provisions intended to address drug-pricing issues which requires manufacturers to engage in the drug price negotiation program with Medicare or face steep penalties if they don’t agree to provide their drug at the government-set price subject to a cap; imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation; establishes an out-of-pocket maximum for beneficiaries in Part D; and replaces the Part D coverage gap discount program with a new discounting program. If any of our Products are subject to price negotiations, it could, among other things, lead to lower revenues prior to the expiry of intellectual property protections. In addition, developments in Medicare hospital outpatient reimbursement for 340B-acquired drugs may further drive 340B hospital business for Heron. The 340B program allows certain hospitals and safety net providers to purchase Part B outpatient drugs from manufacturers at federally mandated discounted rates. Due to the June 2022 Supreme Court decision in American Hospital Association et al. v. Becerra et al, since January 1, 2023, the Medicare Part B hospital outpatient payment rate for 340B-acquired drugs has returned to being at the same rate as the rate for non-340B hospitals, Average Selling Price (ASP) + 6% methodology. However, pursuant to Executive Order 14273, Lowering Drug Prices by Once Again Putting Americans First , CMS announced that it will conduct a new mandatory Medicare OPPS Drug Acquisition Cost Survey from January 1, 2026, through March 31, 2026. CMS has stated that this survey will inform potential changes to payment policy beginning with the calendar year 2027 OPPS/ASC proposed rule. These actions indicate that future adjustments to Medicare payment rates for 340B‑acquired drugs may be under consideration, which could affect reimbursement dynamics for the Company’s products purchased under the 340B program in hospital outpatient settings. We expect that other healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, more rigorous coverage criteria, new payment methodologies and additional downward pressure on drug prices, which may affect prices of our Products in the future. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to price our Products at what we consider to be a fair or competitive price, generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product candidates, if approved. Moreover, economic pressure on state budgets have resulted in states increasingly seeking to achieve budget savings through mechanisms that limit coverage or payment for drugs. For example, individual states in the U.S. have become increasingly active in implementing regulations through state Pharmacy Drug Review Boards designed to contain drug pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures. State Medicaid programs are increasingly asking manufacturers to pay supplemental rebates and requiring prior authorization by the state program for use of any drug for which supplemental rebates are not being paid. Regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. In addition, the trend toward managed healthcare in the U.S., which could significantly influence the purchase of healthcare services and products, may result in lower prices for our Products. Further, executive orders were signed to implement Most Favored Nation drug pricing policies designed to align certain prescription drug prices in the U.S. to lower prices available in other countries. Investigations are being conducted to examine price differentials and consider policy approaches for implementation, including through administrative action. If such Most Favored Nation policies are implemented, changes to drug pricing are expected to affect the profitability of pharmaceutical and biotech companies in the U.S. as well as in other countries, as a price referencing policy to the U.S. market could make it commercially unviable to commercialize a drug product in a price constrained market. The details of the proposed policies are unclear and the final terms and impact remain uncertain, and may pose long-term risks to our business and our future commercialization plans of our Products and 24 product candidates. In addition, the Fair Prescription Drug Prices for Americans Act was re-introduced in May 2025 and proposes to cap the retail list price of prescription drugs and biological products in the United States at the average retail list price for such product among certain countries. Finally, in December 2025, the BIOSECURE Act was signed into law as part of the National Defense Authorization Act, which restricts U.S. government agencies from purchasing or obtaining certain biotechnology equipment or services from “biotechnology companies of concern” (“BCC”); entering, extending or renewing a contract with any entity using biotechnology equipment or services provided by a BCC to perform a government contract; or granting government funds or loans for such biotechnology equipment or services provided by a BCC. The BIOSECURE ACT may have significant implications for U.S. companies with government contracts that obtain biotechnology equipment or services from a BCC, including contracts with the Department of Veterans Affairs, and any related impact on reimbursement under Medicaid and Medicare Part B. While we do not currently anticipate any material impact from the BIOSECURE Act, evolving regulatory requirements may introduce additional operational and contracting obligations over time. While we cannot predict the impact of such legislative or regulatory changes on our business, the announcement or adoption of these proposals could have a material and adverse effect on our potential revenues and gross margins. If we fail to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under U.S. governmental pricing and contracting programs, we could be subject to additional reimbursement requirements, penalties and fines, which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The Medicare program and certain government pricing programs, including the Medicaid drug rebate program, the Public Health Services’ 340B drug pricing program, and the pricing program under the Veterans Health Care Act of 1992 impact the reimbursement we may receive from sales of our Products, or any other products that are approved for marketing in the U.S. Pricing and rebate calculations vary among programs. The calculations are complex and are often subject to interpretation by manufacturers, governmental or regulatory agencies and the courts. We are required to submit a number of different pricing calculations to government agencies on a quarterly basis. Failure to comply with our reporting and payment obligations under U.S. governmental pricing and contracting programs may result in additional payments, penalties and fines due to government agencies, which could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our suppliers or contract manufacturers are unable to manufacture in commercially viable quantities, we could face delays in our ability to commercialize our Products, our costs will increase and sales of our Products , may be severely hindered. The commercial success of our Products are dependent on the ability of our contract manufacturers to produce a product in commercial quantities at competitive costs of manufacture in a process that is validated by the FDA. We have scaled up manufacturing for CINVANTI and ZYNRELEF in order to realize important economies of scale, and these activities took time to implement, required additional capital investment, process development and validation studies and regulatory approval. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful in achieving competitive manufacturing costs through such scaled-up activities or that our contract manufacturers will perform their obligations. In addition, our manufacturing agreements include payment terms that require significant cash payments at specified times, and if we are unable to make the required payments at the required times, we are at risk of default under the agreements, which would severely hinder our ability to procure adequate amounts of our Products. The manufacture of pharmaceutical products is a highly complex process in which a variety of difficulties may arise, including product loss due to material failure, equipment failure, vendor error, operator error, labor shortages, inability to obtain material, equipment or transportation, physical or electronic security breaches and natural or man-made disasters. Problems with manufacturing processes could result in product defects or manufacturing failures, which could require us to delay shipment of products or recall products previously shipped, or could impair our ability to expand into new markets or supply products in existing markets. We may not be able to resolve any such problems in a timely manner, if at all. 25 We depend on third-party suppliers and contract manufacturers to manufacture our Products, and we expect to do the same for any future products that we develop; if our contract manufacturers do not perform as expected, our business could suffer. We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for the production of commercial or clinical quantities of any product, including our Products. Our ability to successfully commercialize our Products depends in part on our ability to arrange for, and rely on, other parties to manufacture our products at a competitive cost, in accordance with regulatory requirements, and in sufficient quantities for clinical testing and commercialization. We currently rely on a small number of third-party manufacturers to produce compounds used in our Products. Certain contract manufacturers are, at the present time (and are expected to be for the foreseeable future), our sole resource to manufacture certain key components of our Products. Although we entered into long-term commercial manufacturing agreements for the manufacture of our Products, including long-term agreements for the manufacture of our Biochronomer Technology, we might not be able to successfully negotiate long-term agreements with any additional third parties, or we might not receive all required regulatory approvals to utilize such third parties, and, accordingly, we might not be able to reduce or remove our dependence on a single supplier for the commercial manufacturing of our Products. We may have difficulties with these manufacturer relationships, and we may not be able to find replacement contract manufacturers on satisfactory terms or on a timely basis. At times, our contract manufacturers or other third parties might not perform their obligations under long-term commercial manufacturing agreements or other agreements, which could impede the manufacturing of our Products and could require us to incur additional costs, including legal fees, as we seek to enforce our contractual rights. Our reliance on third-party suppliers and contract manufacturers also subjects our business to risks associated with geographic areas in which those parties reside, which could include natural or man-made disasters, including severe weather, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war or terrorism, armed conflict or resource shortages. Due to regulatory and technical requirements, we may have limited ability to shift production to a different third-party should the need arise. We cannot be certain that we could reach agreement on reasonable terms, if at all, with such a manufacturer. Even if we were to reach agreement, the transition of the manufacturing process to a different third-party could take a significant amount of time and money and may not be successful. Further, we, along with our contract manufacturers, are required to comply with FDA and foreign regulatory requirements related to product testing, quality assurance, manufacturing and documentation. Our contract manufacturers may not be able to comply with the applicable FDA or foreign regulatory requirements. They may be required to pass an FDA pre-approval inspection for conformity with cGMP before we can obtain approval to manufacture our Products and our product candidates and will be subject to ongoing, periodic, unannounced inspection by the FDA and corresponding state agencies to ensure strict compliance with cGMP, and other applicable government regulations and corresponding foreign standards. If we and our contract manufacturers fail to achieve and maintain high manufacturing standards in compliance with cGMP, or fail to scale up manufacturing processes in a timely manner, we may experience manufacturing errors resulting in defective products that could be harmful to patients, product recalls or withdrawals, delays or interruptions of production or failures in product testing or delivery, delay or prevention of filing or approval of marketing applications for our product candidates, cost overruns or other problems that could seriously harm our business. For instance, our third party suppliers and contract manufacturers have produced drug products that do not meet our specifications and quality standards. We have, and may in the future, be required to take inventory write-offs and incur other charges and expenses for products that fail to meet specifications, undertake costly remediation efforts, experience delays that affect our operations and commercialization plans or seek more costly manufacturing alternatives. Not complying with FDA or foreign regulatory requirements could result in an enforcement action, such as a product recall, or prevent commercialization of our product candidates and delay our business development activities. In addition, such failure could be the basis for the FDA or foreign regulators to issue a warning or untitled letter or take other regulatory or legal action, including recall or seizure, total or partial suspension of production, suspension of ongoing clinical trials, refusal to approve pending applications or supplemental applications, and potentially civil and/or criminal penalties depending on the matter. Our Products may be in competition with other products for access to the facilities of third parties and, consequently, could be subject to manufacturing delays if our contractors give other companies’ products greater priority than ours. Additionally, our contractors might be required by government regulation or government authority to prioritize production of other products. For this and other reasons, our third-party contract manufacturers may not be able to manufacture our Products in a cost-effective or timely manner. If not 26 manufactured in a timely manner, the manufacture of any of our Products or their submission for regulatory approval could be delayed, and our ability to deliver products to market on a timely basis could be impaired. This could increase our costs, cause us to lose revenue or market share and damage our reputation. Certain of the components used in the manufacture of our Products are, or might be, sourced from a single vendor, and the loss or disruption of this vendor could significantly harm our business. Some of the critical materials and components used in manufacturing our Products are, or might be, sourced from single suppliers. An interruption in the supply of a key material could significantly delay or increase our expenses for commercialization or development products. Specialized materials must often be manufactured for the first time for use in drug delivery technologies, or materials may be used in these technologies in a manner different from their customary commercial uses. The quality of materials can be critical to the performance of a drug delivery technology, so a reliable source that provides a consistent supply of materials is important. Materials or components needed for our drug delivery technologies may be difficult to obtain on commercially reasonable terms, particularly when relatively small quantities are required or if the materials traditionally have not been used in pharmaceutical products. Our reliance on a single vendor for certain components used in the manufacturing of our Products also subjects our business to risk associated with the geographic areas in which those single vendors reside, which could include natural or man-made disasters, including severe weather, epidemics, pandemics, acts of war or terrorism, armed conflict, resource shortages or geopolitical instability, including as a result of increased tariffs and changing regulations and policies that may disrupt global markets or escalate tensions between countries. Such adverse events could cause global supply chain interruptions that could increase our costs and, to the extent such interruptions impair our ability to have sufficient inventory, cause us to lose revenue or market share. We continually evaluate our supply chains to identify potential risks and needs for additional manufacturers and other suppliers for the manufacturing of our Products. Establishing additional or replacement suppliers for certain raw materials in our proprietary polymers, if required, may not be accomplished quickly, or at all, and may involve significant expense. If we are able to find a replacement supplier, we would need to evaluate and qualify such replacement vendor and its ability to meet quality and compliance standards. Any change in suppliers or the manufacturing process for our Products could require additional regulatory approval and result in operational delays. Some of our suppliers may experience disruption to their respective supply chains due to the adverse events or conditions, including the effects of a pandemic or disease outbreak, the imposition of tariffs and other trade protective measures, rising geopolitical tensions, armed conflict, regulatory and policy changes or other factors, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. We obtain certain critical materials and components used in manufacturing our Products from third-party suppliers whose operations might be directly or indirectly affected by adverse events or conditions, including the effects of a pandemic or disease outbreak, the imposition of tariffs and other trade protective measures, rising geopolitical tensions and political instability, armed conflict, regulatory or policy changes, adverse weather conditions and public fears regarding any of the foregoing. For example, the increase in tariffs between the U.S. and certain countries has escalated geopolitical tensions and may significantly disrupt the global markets and supply chains. Tensions between mainland China and Taiwan have further escalated, with China accelerating the development of military capabilities and threatening the use of military force to gain control over Taiwan in certain circumstances. Similarly, geopolitical conflicts in Russia and Ukraine, the Middle East, South America and elsewhere remain unpredictable and could escalate into a broader armed conflict and additional economic sanctions or countermeasures by the affected countries or others, which could exacerbate market and economic instability. If we are unable to obtain these critical materials and components in sufficient quantities and in a timely manner, the manufacture, development, testing and clinical study of our Products might be delayed or infeasible, which could significantly harm our business. We have, or may have, significant inventory levels of drug products, and write-downs related to the impairment of those inventories may adversely impact or delay our profitability. We have, or may have, significant inventory levels of drug products, and we may increase those inventory levels as we continue to commercialize our Products. We determine inventory levels of drug products based on a variety of estimates, including timing of regulatory approval of our drug products, market demand for our drug products and those of our competitors, entrance of competing drug products, introduction of new, or changes in interpretations of, 27 pharmaceutical regulations, and changes in healthcare provider and insurer reimbursement policies. These estimates are inherently difficult to make and may be inaccurate. We analyze our inventory levels and will write down inventory that has become obsolete. If our initial estimate of the appropriate inventory levels of drug products is or becomes inaccurate, write-downs of inventory may be required, which would be recorded as cost of product sales and thereby adversely impact or delay our profitability. It is difficult to predict commercial demand for our Products, and, if our estimates of demand are too low, it may adversely impact our ability to generate revenue and profits in the short term and our ability to establish and maintain a competitive position in the relevant markets where our Products are sold, or may be sold, in the future. Despite our efforts to maintain appropriate inventory levels of our Products, as we continue to commercialize our Products, our estimates of appropriate inventory levels may not be accurate. If we fail to build up sufficient inventory levels to meet commercial demand, our ability to generate revenue and profits in the short term would be adversely impacted. Failure to meet demand may also cause us to lose market share to our competitors, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Given the time required to scale production and replenish inventory, our ability to correct for inaccurate estimates in a timely manner may be limited. We face intense competition from other companies developing products for the management of postoperative pain or the prevention of CINV and PONV, which may limit our ability to sell our Products. ZYNRELEF competes in the postoperative pain management market with MARCAINETM (bupivacaine hydrochloride injection, solution, marketed by Pfizer Inc.) and generic forms of bupivacaine; NAROPIN® (ropivacaine, marketed by Fresenius Kabi USA, LLC) and generic forms of ropivacaine; EXPAREL® (bupivacaine liposome injectable suspension, marketed by Pacira BioSciences, Inc.); XARACOLL®(bupivacaine HCl implant, marketed by Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited); POSIMIR® (owned by Durect Corporation and to be marketed in the U.S. by Innocoll Pharmaceuticals Limited); ANJESO® (meloxicam injection, marketed by Baudax Bio, Inc.); OFIRMEV® (acetaminophen injection, marketed by Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals); SEGLENTIS® (celecoxib and tramadol hydrochloride, marketed by Kowa Pharmaceuticals America, Inc. in the U.S.); generic forms of IV acetaminophen; and potentially other products in development for postoperative pain management that reach the U.S. market. APONVIE competes in the PONV prevention market with generic ondansetron, the current standard of care, generic aprepitant, and BARHEMSYS® (amisulpride, marketed by Eagle Pharmaceuticals, Inc.); TAK-951 (a peptide agonist under development (PH2) by Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited for PONV and not approved anywhere globally for any use); and potentially other products in development for PONV prevention that reach the market. CINVANTI faces significant competition. NK1 receptor antagonists are administered for the prevention of CINV, in combination with 5-HT3 receptor antagonists, to augment the therapeutic effect of the 5-HT3 receptor antagonist. Currently available NK1receptor antagonists include: generic versions of EMEND® IV (fosaprepitant); EMEND® IV (fosaprepitant, marketed by Merck & Co., Inc.); EMEND® (aprepitant, marketed by Merck & Co., Inc.); AKYNZEO®(palonosetron, a 5-HT3 receptor antagonist, combined with netupitant, an NK1 receptor antagonist, marketed by Helsinn Therapeutics (U.S.), Inc.); VARUBI® (rolapitant, marketed by TerSera Therapeutics LLC), FOCINVEZ TM (fosaprepitant injection, marketed by Amneal Pharmaceuticals, LLC) and other products that include an NK1 receptor antagonist that reach the market for the prevention of CINV. SUSTOL faces significant competition. Currently available 5-HT3 receptor antagonists include: AKYNZEO® (palonosetron, a 5-HT3 receptor antagonist, combined with netupitant, an NK1 receptor antagonist, marketed by Helsinn Therapeutics (U.S.), Inc.); SANCUSO® (granisetron transdermal patch, marketed by Cumberland Pharmaceuticals Inc.); and generic products including ondansetron (formerly marketed by GlaxoSmithKline plc as ZOFRAN), granisetron (formerly marketed by Hoffman-La Roche, Inc. as KYTRIL) and palonosetron (formerly marketed by Eisai in conjunction with Helsinn Healthcare S.A. as ALOXI) and Posfrea (Palonosetron Injection, marketed by AVYXA). Currently, palonosetron is the only 5-HT3receptor antagonist other than SUSTOL that is approved for the prevention of delayed CINV associated with MEC regimens. SUSTOL is indicated in combination 28 with other antiemetics in adults for the prevention of acute and delayed nausea and vomiting associated with initial and repeat courses of moderately emetogenic chemotherapy (MEC) or anthracycline and cyclophosphamide (AC) combination chemotherapy regimens, which is considered to be a HEC regimen by the NCCN and ASCO. No other 5-HT3 receptor antagonist is specifically approved for the prevention of delayed CINV associated with a HEC regimen. Small or early-stage companies and research institutions may also prove to be significant competitors, particularly through collaborative arrangements with large and established pharmaceutical companies. We will also face competition from these parties in establishing clinical trial sites and patient registration for clinical trials, and acquiring and in-licensing technologies and products complementary to our programs or potentially advantageous to our business. If any of our competitors succeed in obtaining approval from the FDA or other regulatory authorities for their product candidates sooner than we do for our product candidates that are more effective or less costly than ours, our commercial opportunity could be significantly reduced. Major technological changes can happen quickly in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries, and the development of technologically improved or different products or drug delivery technologies may make our product candidates or platform technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. Our Products may face competition from lower-cost generic products offered by our competitors, which may limit our ability to sell our Products or require us to reduce our pricing. Pricing for therapeutics can be extremely competitive, and strict formulary guidelines enforced by payors may create significant challenges in the acceptance and profitability of branded products. The market for generic products can be very lucrative, and it is dominated by companies that may have much larger distribution capabilities than we may have in the future. It can be very difficult to predict the timing of the launch of generic products given the commonality of litigation with manufacturers over anticipated patent expiration. Our inability to accurately foresee and plan for generic product launches that may compete with our Products may significantly impact our potential revenues from such Products. On the expiration or loss of patent protection for a branded product, or on the "at-risk" launch (despite pending patent infringement litigation against the generic product) by a manufacturer of a generic version of a drug that may compete with one of our products, we could quickly lose a significant portion of our sales of that Product. The inability for a branded Product we may sell to successfully compete against generic products could negatively impact sales of our Product, reduce our ability to grow our business and significantly harm our business prospects. For example, we may face competition from newly developed generic products as the Hatch-Waxman Act seeks to stimulate competition by providing incentives to generic pharmaceutical manufacturers to introduce non-infringing forms of patented pharmaceutical products and to challenge patents on branded pharmaceutical products. Currently, two companies are seeking approval via an Abbreviated New Drug Application ("ANDA") in the United States for CINVANTI and one company is seeking approval via a 505(b)(2) application in the United States based on CINVANTI. If the Company is unsuccessful in demonstrating infringement of its patents by an ANDA or 505(b)(2) product, or the validity of the Company’s patents is successfully challenged, cheaper ANDA or 505(b)(2) versions of our products may be launched commercially and may compete with CINVANTI, as they may be favored by insurers and third-party payors, which would significantly harm our business. Our business and results of operations may suffer as a result of changes in our pricing or marketing strategies. In an effort to remain competitive in the marketplace, we can determine, from time to time, to change our pricing or marketing strategies for our approved Products, including by altering the amount or availability of discounts or rebates for any of our approved Products. Any such changes could have short-term or long-term negative impacts on our revenues, which would cause our business and results of operations to suffer. Price increases or changes to our marketing strategies may also negatively affect our reputation and our ability to secure and maintain reimbursement coverage for our approved Products, which could result in decreased demand and cause our business and results of operations to suffer. 29 Guidelines and recommendations published by various organizations could reduce the demand for or use of our Products. Government agencies promulgate regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us and to our Products. In addition, professional societies, practice management groups, private health and science foundations and other organizations from time to time may publish papers, guidelines or recommendations to the healthcare and patient communities with respect to specific products or classes of products. Recommendations of government agencies or these other groups or organizations may relate to such matters as usage, dosage, route of administration and use of concomitant therapies. Recommendations or guidelines that do not recognize a Product, suggest limitations or inadequacies of a Product or suggest the use of competitive or alternative products as the standard of care to be followed by patients and healthcare providers could result in decreased use or adoption of any of our Products which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Because the results of preclinical studies and clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, we can provide no assurances that our Products or product candidates will have favorable results in future studies or receive regulatory approval or expansion of approved indications. Positive results from preclinical studies or clinical trials should not be relied on as evidence that later or larger-scale studies will succeed. Even if our Products or product candidates achieve positive results in early-stage preclinical studies or clinical studies, we will be required to demonstrate that they are safe and effective for use in Phase 3 studies before we can seek expanded indications or regulatory approvals for their commercial sale. Even if our early-stage preclinical studies or clinical studies achieve the specified endpoints, the FDA may determine that these data are not sufficient to allow the commencement of Phase 3 studies. There is an extremely high historical rate of failure of product candidates proceeding through clinical trials in our industry. There is no guarantee that the efficacy of any of our product candidates shown in early patient studies will be replicated or maintained in future studies and/or larger patient populations. Similarly, favorable safety and tolerability data seen in short-term studies might not be replicated in studies of longer duration and/or larger patient populations. If any Product or product candidate demonstrates insufficient safety or efficacy in any preclinical study or clinical trial, we would experience potentially significant delays in, or be required to abandon, development of that Product for an expanded indication, or product candidate for approval. In addition, product candidates in Phase 3 studies may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy despite having progressed through preclinical and earlier stage clinical trials, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. Further, data obtained from pivotal clinical studies are susceptible to varying interpretations, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. Regulatory approval may also be delayed, limited or prevented by other factors. If we delay or abandon our efforts to develop any of our Products for expanded indications, or product candidates for approval, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenues to become profitable, and our reputation in the industry and in the investment community would likely be significantly damaged, each of which would cause our stock price to decrease significantly. Interim, topline or preliminary data from our clinical trials that we announce or publish may change as more patient data become available and are subject to audit and verification procedures that could result in material changes in the final data. We may publicly disclose interim, topline, or preliminary data from our clinical trials, which is based on a preliminary analysis of then-available data, and the results and related findings and conclusions are subject to change following a full analysis of all data related to the particular trial. We also make assumptions, estimations, calculations and conclusions as part of our analyses of data, and we may not have received or had the opportunity to fully and carefully evaluate all data. As a result, the interim, topline, or preliminary results that we report may differ from future results of the same trials, or different conclusions or considerations may qualify such results, once additional data have been received and fully evaluated. Topline data also remain subject to audit and verification procedures that may result in the final data being materially different from the preliminary data we previously published. As a result, topline data should be viewed with caution until the final data are available. We may also disclose interim data from our clinical trials. Interim data from clinical trials that we may complete are subject to the risk that one or more of the clinical outcomes may materially change as patient enrollment continues and more patient data become available. Adverse differences between interim, topline or preliminary data and final data could significantly harm our business prospects. 30 Further, others, including regulatory agencies, may not accept or agree with our assumptions, estimates, calculations, conclusions or analyses or may interpret or weigh the importance of data differently, which could impact the value of the particular program, the approvability or commercialization of the particular product candidate or product and our business in general. In addition, the information we choose to publicly disclose regarding a particular study or clinical trial is based on what is typically extensive information, and you or others may not agree with what we determine is the material or otherwise appropriate information to include in our disclosure, and any information we determine not to disclose may ultimately be deemed significant with respect to future decisions, conclusions, views, activities or otherwise regarding a particular drug, product candidate or our business. If the interim, topline, or preliminary data that we report differ from actual results, or if others, including regulatory authorities, disagree with the conclusions reached, our ability to obtain expanded indications for our Products, or to obtain approvals for and commercialize our product candidates, our business, operating results, prospects or financial condition may be harmed. Although the FDA might grant Fast Track, Breakthrough Therapy and Priority Review or similar designations to our Products and product candidates, there can be no assurance that any of our Products or product candidates that receive similar designations in the U.S. or in any other regulatory jurisdictions will receive regulatory approval any sooner than other Products or product candidates that do not have such designations, or at all. Fast Track designation is intended to facilitate the development and expedite the review of new therapies to treat serious conditions with unmet medical needs by providing sponsors with the opportunity for frequent interactions with the FDA. Breakthrough Therapy designation is designed to expedite the development and review of drugs that are intended to treat serious conditions and for which preliminary clinical evidence indicates substantial improvement over available therapies on clinically significant endpoint(s). Priority Review designation is for drugs that, if approved, would be significant improvements in the safety or effectiveness of the treatment or prevention of serious conditions. Product candidates that receive Fast Track or Breakthrough Therapy designation may receive more frequent interactions with the FDA regarding the product candidate’s development plan and clinical trials and may be eligible for the FDA’s Rolling Review and Priority Review. Priority Review designation is intended to direct overall attention and resources of the FDA to the evaluation of such applications and means that the FDA’s goal is to take action on such applications within six months, compared to 10 months under standard review. We can provide no assurances that any of our Products or product candidates that receive Fast Track, Breakthrough Therapy, Priority Review or similar designations in the U.S. or in any other regulatory jurisdictions will receive regulatory approval any sooner than other Products or product candidates that do not have such designations, or at all. The FDA or any foreign regulatory authorities may also withdraw or revoke Fast Track, Breakthrough Therapy, Priority Review or similar designations, or elect to treat designated candidates in a manner different from what was originally indicated, if they determine that any of our Products or product candidates that receive such designations no longer meet the relevant criteria. Failure to realize the potential benefits of these designations could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. Our product platforms or product development efforts may not produce safe, efficacious or commercially viable products, and, if we are unable to develop new products, our business may suffer. Our long-term viability and growth will depend on the successful development of products through our research and development activities. Product development is very expensive and involves a high degree of risk. Only a small number of research and development programs result in the commercialization of a product. Success in preclinical work or early-stage clinical trials does not ensure that later-stage or larger-scale clinical trials will be successful. Our ability to complete our clinical trials in a timely fashion depends in large part on a number of key factors, including protocol design, regulatory and IRB approval, the rate of patient enrollment in clinical trials and compliance with extensive cGCP. In addition, because we fund the development of our Products and product candidates, we may not be able to continue to fund all such development efforts to completion or to provide the support necessary to perform the clinical trials, obtain regulatory approvals, or market any approved products. If our drug delivery technologies or product development efforts fail to result in the successful development and commercialization of our Products and product candidates, or if our new Products do not perform as anticipated, such events could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 31 We rely on third parties to conduct our preclinical testing and conduct our clinical trials, and their failure to perform their obligations in a timely and competent manner may delay development and commercialization of our Products and product candidates and our business could be substantially harmed. We have used contract research organizations ("CROs") to oversee or provide selected services for our clinical trials for our Products and our product candidates, and we expect to use the same or similar organizations for our future clinical trials and pipeline programs. There can be no assurance that these CROs will perform their obligations at all times in a competent or timely fashion, and we must rigorously oversee their activities in order to be confident in their conduct of these trials on our behalf. If the CROs fail to commit resources to our Products or product candidates, our clinical programs could be delayed, terminated or unsuccessful, and we may not be able to obtain initial or expanded regulatory approvals for, or successfully commercialize, them. Different cultural and operational issues in foreign countries could cause delays or unexpected problems with patient enrollment or with the data obtained from those locations. If we experience significant delays in the progress of our clinical trials or experience doubts with respect to the quality of data derived from our clinical trials, we could face significant delays in gaining necessary product approvals. We also rely on third parties to assist in conducting our preclinical studies in accordance with GLP and the Animal Welfare Act requirements. We, our CROs and other third parties are required to comply with cGCP, which are regulations and guidelines enforced by the FDA, the Competent Authorities of the Member States of the EEA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities. Regulatory authorities enforce cGCP through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we or any of our CROs fail to comply with applicable cGCP, the clinical data generated in the clinical trials may be deemed unreliable, and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot be certain that on inspection by a given regulatory authority, such regulatory authority will determine that any of our ongoing or future clinical trials comply with cGCP. In addition, all of our clinical trials must be conducted with product produced under cGMP. Failure to comply with these regulations may require us to repeat preclinical and clinical trials, which would increase our related expenses and delay the regulatory approval process. Our CROs and other third parties we may engage to support our development programs are not our employees, and, except for remedies available to us under our agreements with such CROs, we cannot control whether or not they devote sufficient time and resources to our ongoing clinical, non-clinical and preclinical programs. Outsourcing these functions involves risk that third parties may not perform to our standards, may not produce results in a timely manner, or may fail to perform at all. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines or if the quality or accuracy of the preclinical results or clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere to test requirements, our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our Products and product candidates. As a result, our results of operations and the commercial prospects for our Products and product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate revenues could be delayed. If we are unable to recruit and retain skilled employees, we may not be able to achieve our objectives. We depend on a small number of key management and personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer. Retaining our current employees and recruiting qualified personnel to perform future research and development and commercialization work will be critical to our success. Competition is always present for highly skilled and experienced personnel, and an inability to recruit or retain sufficient skilled personnel could result in delays in our business growth and development and adversely impact our research and development or commercial activities. If we lose key members of our senior management team, we may not be able to find suitable replacements and our business may be harmed as a result. If we fail to adequately address any of the issues referred to above, it could adversely impact our ability to recruit and retain our skilled employees which may result in a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and financial condition. 32 Our business strategy may include acquisitions of other businesses, products or product licenses. We may not be able to successfully manage such activities. We may engage in strategic transactions that could cause us to incur contingent liabilities, commitments or significant expense. In the course of pursuing strategic opportunities, we may evaluate potential acquisitions, licenses or investments in strategic technologies, products or businesses. Future acquisitions, licenses or investments could subject us to a number of risks, including, but not limited to: • our inability to appropriately evaluate and take into consideration the potential uncertainties associated with the other party to such a transaction, including, but not limited to, the prospects of that party and their existing products or product candidates and regulatory approvals; • difficulties associated with realizing the perceived potential for commercial success with respect to any acquired or licensed technology, product or business; • our ability to effectively integrate any new technology, product and/or business including personnel, intellectual property or business relationships into our Company; • our inability to generate revenues from acquired or licensed technology and/or products sufficient to meet our objectives in undertaking the acquisition or license or even to offset the associated acquisition and maintenance costs and/or assumption of liabilities; and • the distraction of our management from our existing product development programs and initiatives in pursuing an acquisition or license. In connection with an acquisition or license, we must estimate the value of the transaction by making certain assumptions that may prove to be incorrect, which could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated benefits of a transaction. Any strategic transaction we may pursue may not result in the benefits we initially anticipate, may result in costs that end up outweighing the benefits and may adversely impact our financial condition and be detrimental to our future business prospects. Our business strategy may include entry into collaborative agreements. We may not be able to enter into collaborative agreements or may not be able to negotiate commercially acceptable terms for these agreements. Our business strategy may include the entry into collaborative agreements for the development and commercialization of our Products. The negotiation and consummation of these types of agreements typically involve simultaneous discussions with multiple potential collaborators and require significant time and resources from our officers, business development and research and development staff. In addition, in attracting the attention of pharmaceutical and biotechnology company collaborators, we compete with numerous other third parties with product opportunities as well as the collaborators’ own internal product opportunities. We may not be able to consummate collaborative agreements, or we may not be able to negotiate commercially acceptable terms for these agreements. If we do enter into such arrangements, we could be dependent on the subsequent success of these other parties in performing their respective responsibilities and the cooperation of our partners. Our collaborators may not cooperate with us or perform their obligations under our agreements with them. We cannot control the amount and timing of our collaborators’ resources that will be devoted to researching our product candidates pursuant to our collaborative agreements with them. Our collaborators may choose to pursue existing or alternative technologies in preference to those being developed in collaboration with us. Under agreements with any collaborators we may work with in the future, we may rely significantly on them to, among other activities: • fund or perform research and development activities with us or independently; 33 • diligently pursue regulatory approvals in certain territories; • pay us fees on the achievement of milestones; and • market for or with us any commercial products that result from our collaborations. If we do not consummate collaborative agreements, we may use our financial resources more rapidly on our product development efforts, continue to defer certain development activities or forego the exploitation of certain geographic territories, any of which could have a negative impact on our business prospects. Further, we may not be successful in overseeing any such collaborative arrangements. If we fail to establish and maintain necessary collaborative relationships, our business prospects could suffer. Natural or man-made disasters, including severe weather, epidemics, pandemics, cyber attacks, acts of war or terrorism, armed conflict, federal workforce uncertainty, or resource shortages, could disrupt our investigational drug candidate development and approved drug commercialization efforts or have other negative consequences on our business and adversely affect results. Our ongoing or planned clinical studies and approved drug commercialization efforts could be delayed or disrupted indefinitely on the occurrence of a natural or man-made disaster, including severe weather, an epidemic, a pandemic, or other disease outbreak, cyberattacks, acts of war or terrorism, armed conflict, or resource shortages. We are also vulnerable to damage from other disasters, such as power losses, fires, earthquakes, floods, hurricanes and similar events. Any such natural or man-made disaster, including severe weather, an epidemic, a pandemic, or other disease outbreak, cyberattacks, acts of war or terrorism, armed conflict, and the resulting damage could negatively impact enrollment and participation in our clinical studies, divert attention and resources at our research sites, cause unanticipated delays in the collection and receipt of data from our clinical studies, cause unanticipated delays in communications with, and any required approvals from, the FDA, European Medicines Agency, United Kingdom’s Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency, Health Canada, and other regulatory authorities, and cause unanticipated delays in the manufacturing and distribution of our Products. If a significant disaster occurs, our ability to continue our operations could be seriously impaired and we may not have adequate insurance to cover any resulting losses. Any significant unrecoverable losses could seriously impair our operations and financial condition. Further, recent geo-political conflicts have created extreme volatility in the global financial markets and are expected to have further global economic consequences, including continued disruptions of the global supply chain and energy markets and heightened volatility of commodity prices. Any such instability or disruption may have adverse consequences on us or the third parties on whom we rely, including as a result of a general downturn in global economic conditions, changes in government regulations, deterioration in the credit or equity markets, or more direct impacts on operational matters. This conflict may also give rise to or amplify the other risks described herein including risks relating to cybersecurity, global economic conditions, government regulations and supply chains, which could adversely affect our business, operations and financial condition and results. Our potential international expansion of our business may expose us to new business, regulatory, political, operational, financial and economic risks associated with such expansion and could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth. If our Products are marketed internationally by us or a potential third-party partners, we and such third-party partners could be subject to additional risks related to operating in foreign countries, including: • general economic conditions and monetary and fiscal policy, including economic weakness or inflation; • financial risks, such as longer payment cycles, difficulty in collecting from international customers, pricing and insurance regimes, unexpected changes in tariffs, trade barriers, and exposure to foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and controls, which could result in increased operating expenses and reduced revenue, and the effect of local and regional financial crises; 34 • conflicting and changing laws and regulations, including tariffs and export and import restrictions; • compliance with tax, employment, immigration and labor laws for employees living or traveling abroad; • foreign taxes, including withholding of payroll taxes; • difficulties staffing and managing foreign operations; • workforce uncertainty in countries where labor unrest is more common than in the U.S.; • potential liability under the FCPA or comparable foreign regulations; • challenges enforcing contractual and intellectual property rights, especially in those foreign countries that do not respect and protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the U.S.; • production shortages resulting from any events affecting raw material supply or manufacturing capabilities abroad, if applicable; • logistical challenges resulting from distributing our Products to foreign countries; and • economic or business interruptions resulting from civil unrest or social, political, economic, or diplomatic developments, including geo-political actions, such as armed conflict or terrorism. These and other risks associated with international operations may compromise our ability to earn revenue from arrangements with potential third-party partners for our Products and, therefore, could adversely affect our business, operations and planned international expansion. Risks Related to Our Financial Condition We have a history of losses, we expect to generate losses in the near future, and we may never achieve or maintain profitability. We have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from operations and had an accumulated deficit of $1.9 billion through December 31, 2025. The amount we spend will impact our profitability. Our spending will depend, in part, on: • the commercial success of our Products; • the cost of possible acquisitions of technologies, compounds, product rights or companies; • the cost of obtaining licenses to use technology owned by others for proprietary products and otherwise; • the time and expense required to prosecute, enforce and/or challenge patent and other intellectual property rights; • the costs and impacts of current and potential future litigation; and • the costs associated with recruiting and compensating a highly skilled workforce in an environment where competition for such employees may be intense. 35 To achieve and sustain profitability, we must, alone or in cooperation with others, successfully develop, obtain regulatory approval for, manufacture, market and sell our Products, including our current work commercializing our Products. We have incurred substantial expenses in our efforts to develop and commercialize our Products and we may never generate sufficient revenue to become profitable or to sustain profitability. Additional capital may be needed in the future to enable us to implement our business plan, and we may be unable to raise capital, which would force us to limit or cease our operations. As of December 31, 2025, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of $46.6 million and indebtedness under our Working Capital Facility Agreement, dated August 9, 2023 with Hercules Capital, Inc., as administrative agent, collateral agent, and lender, as amended (the “Working Capital Facility Agreement”) and our senior unsecured convertible notes due 2031 (the "2031 Convertible Notes") totaling $147.1 million. Historically, we have financed our operations, including technology and product research and development, primarily through Product sales and equity and debt financings. Our capital requirements and liquidity going forward will depend on numerous factors, including but not limited to: • the degree of commercial success of our Products and our product candidates, if approved; • the timing and cost to manufacture our Products and our product candidates; • the magnitude and scope of our research and development programs; • our ability to establish and maintain strategic collaborations or partnerships for research, development, clinical testing, manufacturing and marketing of our product candidates; • the impact of competitive products; • the cost of establishing supply arrangements for our Products; • the cost and timing of establishing or enlarging sales and marketing capabilities; • the unanticipated delays due to manufacturing difficulties, supply constraints or changes in the regulatory environment, including as a result of geopolitical uncertainty, or other factors; and • general market conditions. If we issue additional equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities to raise funds, our stockholders will suffer dilution of their investment, and such issuance may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. New debt financing we enter into typically involves covenants that restrict our operations. These restrictive covenants may include, among other things, limitations on borrowing and specific restrictions on the use of our assets, as well as prohibitions on our ability to create liens, pay dividends, redeem capital stock or make investments. In the event that additional funds are obtained through arrangements with collaborative partners, these arrangements may require us to relinquish rights to some of our technologies, product candidates or Products on terms that are not favorable to us or require us to enter into a collaboration arrangement that we would otherwise seek to develop and commercialize ourselves. If adequate funds are not available, we may default on our indebtedness, be required to further delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate one or more of our product development programs and reduce personnel-related and other costs, which would have a negative impact on our business. Management’s view of our liquidity relies on estimates and assumptions about the market opportunity for our Products, which estimates and assumptions are subject to significant uncertainty. Provisions contained in our debt instruments limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness. Our Working Capital Facility Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and customary affirmative and negative covenants, including, among other things, restrictions on indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, dispositions, prepayment of other indebtedness, and dividends and other distributions, subject to certain 36 exceptions. Our 2031 Convertible Notes also contain provisions that trigger events of default for incurring certain additional indebtedness or any default of our obligations under certain material agreements we may enter into. As a result, we may not be able to raise funds through the issuance of additional debt in the future, which could impair our ability to finance our business obligations or pursue business expansion initiatives. We could be exposed to significant product liability claims that could be time-consuming and costly to defend, divert management attention and adversely impact our ability to obtain and maintain insurance coverage. The administration of drugs in humans, whether in clinical studies or commercially, carries the inherent risk of product liability claims whether or not the drugs are actually the cause of an injury. Our Products and other products that we may commercially market in the future may cause, or may appear to have caused, injury or dangerous drug reactions, and we may not learn about or understand those effects until the Product has been administered to patients for a prolonged period of time. Although we are insured against such risks up to an annual aggregate limit in connection with clinical trials and commercial sales of our Products, our present product liability insurance may be inadequate and may not fully cover the costs of any claim or any ultimate damages we might be required to pay. Product liability claims or other claims related to our Products, regardless of their outcome, could require us to spend significant time and money in litigation or to pay significant damages. Any successful product liability claim may prevent us from obtaining adequate product liability insurance in the future on commercially desirable or reasonable terms. In addition, product liability coverage may cease to be available in sufficient amounts or at an acceptable cost. An inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage at an acceptable cost or otherwise to protect against potential product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our Products. A product liability claim could also significantly harm our reputation and delay market acceptance of our Products. If any of our services providers are characterized as employees, we would be subject to employment and tax withholding liabilities and other additional costs. We rely on independent third parties to provide certain services to us. We structure our relationships with these outside service providers in a manner that we believe results in an independent contractor relationship, not an employee relationship based on their degree of autonomy and independence in providing certain services. Tax or other regulatory authorities may challenge our characterization of services providers as independent contractors both under existing laws and regulations and under laws and regulations adopted in the future. If such regulatory authorities or state, federal or foreign courts were to determine that our service providers are employees and not independent contractors, we would, among other things, be required to withhold income taxes, to withhold and pay Social Security, Medicare and similar taxes, to pay unemployment and other related payroll taxes, and to provide certain employee benefits. We could also be liable for unpaid past taxes and other costs and subject to penalties. As a result, any determination that the service providers we characterize as independent contractors are determined to be employees could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Changes to existing tax laws, or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect our business and financial condition. The tax regimes to which we are subject or under which we operate may be subject to significant change. There is uncertainty regarding future legislative and regulatory changes and policies related to matters such as taxation and importation, and any such proposed or enacted regulations by the current or a future U.S. administration, Congress, or taxing authorities in other jurisdictions could materially affect our tax obligations and operating results. For example, beginning in 2022, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 eliminated the option to deduct research and development expenditures in the year incurred and instead requires taxpayers to capitalize and subsequently amortize such expenditures over five years for research activities conducted in the U.S. and over 15 years for research activities conducted outside the U.S. The OBBBA reinstates the option to deduct domestic research and development expenditures in the year incurred, commencing with tax years beginning after December 31, 2024. Foreign research and development expenditures remain subject to the 15-year capitalization and amortization requirement. The OBBBA also includes other significant provisions, including tax cut extensions and modifications to the international tax framework. To the extent that such changes have a negative impact on us, including as a 37 result of related uncertainty, these changes could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial position. In addition, U.S. federal, state and local tax laws are extremely complex and subject to various interpretations. Although we believe that our tax estimates and positions are reasonable, there can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities. If the relevant tax authorities assess additional taxes on us, this could result in adjustments to, or impact the timing or amount of, taxable income, deductions or other tax allocations, which may adversely affect our results of operations and financial position. The investment of our cash is subject to risks, which may cause losses or adversely affect the liquidity of these investments and our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. A significant amount of our assets is comprised of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. These investments of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which have been and may, in the future, be exacerbated by a U.S. and/or global financial crisis. We may realize losses in the fair value of certain of our investments or a complete loss of these investments if the credit markets tighten, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect our current and projected business operations and its financial condition and results of operations. Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. If any of our counterparties to any such instruments were to be placed into receivership, we may be unable to access such funds. In addition, if any parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties’ ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. Although we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. The results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. 38 Further, any additional deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by parties with whom we conduct business, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a party with whom we conduct business may fail to make payments when due, default under their agreements with us, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. Any bankruptcy or insolvency, or the failure to make payments when due, of any counterparty of ours, or the loss of any significant relationships, could result in material losses to us and may material adverse impacts on our business. Risks Related to Our Industry Failure to obtain regulatory approval in international jurisdictions would prevent our Products from being marketed abroad. In the event we pursue the right to market and sell our Products in jurisdictions other than the U.S., we or our potential third-party partners would be required to obtain separate marketing approvals and comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements in each foreign country. The approval procedure varies among countries and can involve additional testing. The time required to obtain approval may differ substantially from that required to obtain FDA approval. The regulatory approval process outside the U.S. generally includes all of the risks associated with obtaining FDA approval. In addition, in many countries outside the U.S., it is required that the product be approved for reimbursement before the product can be approved for sale in that country. In the event we choose to pursue them, we or our potential third-party partners may not obtain approvals from regulatory authorities outside the U.S. on a timely basis, if at all. Approval by the FDA does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions, and approval by one regulatory authority outside the U.S. does not ensure approval by regulatory authorities in other countries or jurisdictions or by the FDA. However, failure to obtain approval in one jurisdiction may impact our or our potential third-party partners’ ability to obtain approval elsewhere. If we or our potential third-party partners are unable in the future to obtain approval of a product candidate by regulatory authorities in non-U.S. jurisdictions, the commercial prospects of that product candidate may be significantly diminished and our business prospects could decline. If we fail to comply with continuing federal, state and foreign regulations with respect to our Products for which we obtain regulatory approval, we could lose our approvals to market drugs, and our business would be seriously harmed. Our Products for which we obtain regulatory approval remain subject to ongoing requirements of the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities, including requirements related to manufacturing, quality control, further development, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, import, export, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping, and reporting of safety and other postmarket information. Following initial regulatory approval for drugs we develop, including our Products, we remain subject to continuing regulatory review, including review of adverse drug experiences and clinical results that may be reported after drug products become commercially available. This would include results from any postmarketing tests or continued actions required as a condition of approval. The manufacturer and manufacturing facilities we use to make any of our drug candidates will also be subject to periodic review and inspection by the FDA. If a previously unknown problem or problems with a Product or a manufacturing and laboratory facility used by us is discovered, the FDA or foreign regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that Product or on the manufacturing facility, including requiring us to withdraw the Product from the market. Any changes to an approved product, including the way it is manufactured or promoted, often require FDA approval before the product, as modified, can be marketed. We and our contract manufacturers will also be subject to ongoing FDA requirements for submission of safety and other postmarket information. If we and our contract manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency may: • issue warning letters; • impose civil or criminal penalties; • suspend or withdraw our regulatory approval; 39 • suspend or terminate any of our ongoing clinical trials; • refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us; • impose restrictions on our operations; • close the facilities of our contract manufacturers; or • seize or detain products or require a product recall. The occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our Products and generate revenue. Additionally, such regulatory review covers a company’s activities in the promotion of its drugs, with significant potential penalties and restrictions for promotion of drugs for an unapproved use or other inappropriate sales and marketing activities. Advertising and promotion of any product candidate that obtains approval in the U.S. will be heavily scrutinized by the FDA, the Department of Justice, and the Department of Health and Human Services’ Office of Inspector General. Violations of applicable advertising and promotion laws and regulations, including promotion of products for unapproved (or off-label) uses, are subject to enforcement letters, inquiries and investigations and civil and criminal sanctions by the FDA. We are also required to submit information on our open and completed clinical trials to public registries and databases; failure to comply with these requirements could expose us to negative publicity, fines and penalties that could harm our business. We are also required to comply with the requirements to submit to governmental authorities information on payments to physicians and certain other third parties. Failure to comply with these requirements could expose us to negative publicity, fines and penalties that could harm our business. The commercial use of our Products may cause unintended side effects or adverse reactions, or incidents of misuse may occur, which could adversely affect our business. We cannot predict whether any commercial use of our product candidates, once approved, will produce undesirable or unintended side effects that have not been evident in clinical trials conducted for such product candidates to date. Additionally, incidents of Product misuse may occur. These events, including the reporting of adverse safety events, among others, could result in Product recalls, product liability actions related to our Products or withdrawals or additional regulatory controls (including additional regulatory scrutiny and requirements for additional labeling), all of which could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. The pharmaceutical industry is subject to significant regulation and oversight pursuant to anti-kickback laws, false claims statutes and anti-corruption laws, which may result in significant additional expense and limit our ability to commercialize our Products. In addition, any failure to comply with these regulations could result in substantial fines or penalties. We are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulations that are enforced by the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business, as well as foreign jurisdictions in which we may conduct business. Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of any drug product with marketing approval. Our future arrangements with third-party payors and customers may expose us to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations that may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which we market, sell and distribute our Products with marketing approval. Restrictions under applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations include, but are not limited to, the following: • the Federal healthcare programs’ Anti-Kickback Law, which prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying remuneration, directly or indirectly, in exchange for or to induce either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of, any good or service for which payment may be made under federal healthcare programs such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; 40 • federal false claims laws, which prohibit, among other things, individuals or entities from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment from Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs that are false or fraudulent. This false claims liability may attach in the event that a company is found to have knowingly submitted false average sales price, best price or other pricing data to the government or to have unlawfully promoted its drug products; • the federal Civil Monetary Penalties law, which prohibits, among other things, offering or transferring remuneration to a federal healthcare beneficiary that a person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary’s decision to order or receive items or services reimbursable by the government from a particular provider or supplier; • the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 ("HIPAA") also prohibits, among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, knowingly and willfully embezzling or stealing from a healthcare benefit program, willfully obstructing a criminal investigation of a healthcare offense, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services; • federal "sunshine" laws, now known as Open Payments, that require transparency regarding financial arrangements with healthcare providers, such as the reporting and disclosure requirements imposed by the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act within PPACA on drug manufacturers regarding any "payment or transfer of value" made or distributed to physicians, other healthcare professionals, and teaching hospitals as well as ownership and investment interests held by such physicians and their family; • the Drug Supply Chain Security Act (“DSCSA”), which imposes obligations on entities in the commercial product supply chain, including manufacturers, to identify and track prescription drugs as they are distributed in the United States; • state law equivalents of each of the above federal laws, such as anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including commercial insurers, state transparency laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures and pricing information, state laws limiting interactions between pharmaceutical manufacturers and members of the healthcare industry, state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the industry’s voluntary compliance guidelines and the applicable guidance promulgated by the federal government or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources, marketing restrictions and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by federal laws, thus complicating compliance efforts; and; • increasingly complex standards for complying with foreign laws and regulations, including those of the EU, that may differ substantially from country to country and may conflict with corresponding U.S. laws and regulations. The risk of being found in violation of these laws is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are open to a variety of interpretations. Moreover, certain healthcare reform legislation has strengthened many of these laws. For example, the PPACA, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback and criminal healthcare fraud statutes to clarify that a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, PPACA provides that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the false claims statutes. Finally, 41 some states, such as California, Massachusetts and Vermont, mandate implementation of commercial compliance programs to ensure compliance with these laws. In addition, a number of states have laws that require pharmaceutical companies to track and report payments, gifts and other benefits provided to physicians and other healthcare professionals and entities. The FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from providing money or anything of value to officials of foreign governments, foreign political parties, or international organizations with the intent to obtain or retain business or seek a business advantage. A determination that our operations or activities are not, or were not, in compliance with U.S. or foreign laws or regulations could result in the imposition of substantial fines, interruptions of business, loss of supplier, vendor or other third-party relationships, termination of necessary licenses and permits, and other legal or equitable sanctions. Other internal or government investigations or legal or regulatory proceedings, including lawsuits brought by private litigants, may also follow as a consequence. Changes in laws affecting the healthcare industry could also adversely affect our revenues and profitability, including new laws, regulations or judicial decisions, or new interpretations of existing laws, regulations or decisions related to patent protection and enforcement, healthcare availability, and drug product pricing and marketing. Changes in FDA regulations and regulations issued by other regulatory agencies inside and outside of the U.S., including new or different approval requirements, timelines and processes, may also require additional safety monitoring, labeling changes, restrictions on product distribution or other measures that could increase our costs of doing business and adversely affect the market for our Products. The enactment in the U.S. of healthcare reform, new legislation or implementation of existing statutory provisions on importation of lower-cost competing drugs from other jurisdictions and legislation on comparative effectiveness research are examples of previously enacted and possible future changes in laws that could adversely affect our business. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from government-funded healthcare programs, like Medicare and Medicaid, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. Any penalties, damages, fines, curtailment or restructuring of our operations could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our financial results. Although compliance programs can mitigate the risk of investigation and prosecution for violations of these laws, the risks cannot be entirely eliminated. Any action against us for violation of these laws or regulations, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses and divert our management’s attention from the operation of our business. Moreover, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable federal, state and foreign privacy, security and fraud laws may prove costly. We may incur significant liability if it is determined that we are promoting the "off-label" use of drugs or promoting in a non-truthful and misleading way. We are prohibited from promoting our Products that receive regulatory approval for "off-label" uses or promoting in a non-truthful and misleading way that are not described in its labeling and that differ from the uses approved by the FDA. Physicians may prescribe drug products for off-label uses, and such off-label uses are common across medical specialties. The FDA and other regulatory agencies do not regulate a physician’s choice of treatments. However, they do restrict pharmaceutical companies and their sales representatives’ dissemination of information concerning off-label use. The FDA and other regulatory agencies actively enforce regulations prohibiting promotion of products for off-label uses and the promotion of products for which marketing authorization has not been obtained. A company that is found to have promoted products for off-label uses may be subject to significant liability, including civil and administrative remedies as well as criminal sanctions. Notwithstanding the regulatory restrictions on off-label promotion, the FDA and other regulatory authorities allow companies to engage in truthful, non-misleading, and non-promotional scientific exchanges concerning their products. The FDA or other regulatory authorities may conclude that we have violated applicable laws, rules or regulations, and we may therefore be subject to significant liability, including civil and administrative remedies, as well as criminal sanctions. Such enforcement actions could cause us reputational harm and divert the attention of our management from our business operations. Likewise, our distribution and contracting partners and those providing 42 vendor support services may also be the subject of regulatory investigations involving, or remedies or sanctions for, off-label promotion of our Products, which may adversely impact sales of our Products or trigger indemnification obligations. These consequences, could, in turn, have a negative impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common shares to decline. Healthcare reform could increase our expenses and adversely affect the commercial success of our Products. The U.S. and some foreign jurisdictions are considering or have enacted a number of reform proposals to change the healthcare system. There is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality or expanding access. In the U.S., the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by federal and state legislative initiatives, including those designed to limit the pricing, coverage, and reimbursement of pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical products, especially under government-funded healthcare programs, and increased governmental control of drug pricing. For example, the PPACA includes numerous provisions that affect pharmaceutical companies. The PPACA seeks to expand healthcare coverage to the uninsured through private health insurance reforms and an expansion of Medicaid. The PPACA also imposes substantial costs on pharmaceutical manufacturers, such as an increase in liability for rebates paid to Medicaid, new drug discounts that must be offered to certain enrollees in the Medicare prescription drug benefit and an annual fee imposed on all manufacturers of brand prescription drugs in the U.S. The PPACA also requires increased disclosure obligations—including those required under the "sunshine" laws—and an expansion of an existing program requiring pharmaceutical discounts to certain types of hospitals and federally subsidized clinics and contains cost-containment measures that could reduce reimbursement levels for pharmaceutical products. In addition, the IRA extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in PPACA marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the "donut hole" under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. These and other aspects of the PPACA, including the regulations that may be imposed in connection with the implementation of the PPACA, could increase our expenses and adversely affect our ability to successfully commercialize our Products. There have been, and we anticipate that there will be, healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future that may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and additional downward pressure on the reimbursement for healthcare products and services. These reform measures may limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for healthcare products and services, and also indirectly affect the amounts that private payors are willing to pay. Moreover, in the U.S., there have been several presidential executive orders, congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products. Drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not be predictive of future trial results. Conducting clinical trials is a lengthy, time-consuming and expensive process. For example, we incurred significant expenses in developing our Products, with no guarantees that doing so would result in a commercially viable product. Before obtaining regulatory approvals for the commercial sale of any products, we, or our potential partners, must demonstrate through preclinical testing and clinical trials that our product candidates are safe and effective for their intended uses in humans. We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial expense and devote a significant amount of time to preclinical testing and clinical trials. The outcome of clinical testing is inherently uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. In addition, regulations are not static, and regulatory agencies, including the FDA, alter their staff, interpretations and practices and may in the future impose more stringent requirements than are currently in effect, which may adversely affect our planned drug development and/or our commercialization efforts. Satisfying regulatory requirements typically takes a significant number of years and can vary substantially based on the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidate. Our business, results of operations and financial 43 condition could be materially and adversely affected by any delays in, or termination of, our clinical trials. Factors that could impede our ability to generate commercially viable products through the conduct of clinical trials include: • insufficient funds to conduct clinical trials; • the inability to find partners, if necessary, for support, including research, development, manufacturing or clinical needs; • the failure of tests or studies necessary to submit an NDA, such as clinical studies, bioequivalence studies in support of a 505(b)(2) regulatory filing, or stability studies; • the failure of clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of our product candidates to the extent necessary to obtain regulatory approvals; • the failure by us or third-party investigators, CROs, or other third parties involved in the research to adhere to regulatory requirements applicable to the conduct of clinical trials; • the failure of preclinical testing and early clinical trials to predict results of later clinical trials; • any delay in completion of clinical trials caused by a regional, national or global disturbance where we or our collaborative partners are enrolling patients in clinical studies, such as global pandemics and other public health emergencies, war, terrorist activities or political unrest, cyberattacks, a natural or man-made disaster or any other reason or event, resulting in increased costs; • any delay in obtaining advice from the FDA or similar regulatory authorities; and • the inability to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidates following completion of clinical trials, or delays in obtaining such approvals. From time to time, even if a product candidate has not failed, we may voluntarily determine to pause development, which effectively halts our ability to commercialize the product. For example, we decided to pause the development of HTX-034 to evaluate the program and market potential going forward. There can be no assurance that our decisions with respect to such pauses, and subsequent resumptions, if any, will yield the most favorable result for the Company. There can be no assurance, that if our clinical trials are successfully initiated and completed, we will be able to obtain approval by the FDA in the U.S. or similar regulatory authorities elsewhere in the world in a timely manner, if at all. If we fail to successfully develop and commercialize one or more of our product candidates, we may be unable to generate sufficient revenues to attain profitability, and our reputation in the industry and in the investment community would likely be significantly damaged, each of which would cause our stock price to significantly decrease. Delays in, or suspensions and terminations of, clinical testing could increase our costs and delay our ability to obtain regulatory approval for, and commercialize, our product candidates. Before we can receive regulatory approval for the commercial sale of our product candidates, the FDA and comparable authorities in non-U.S. jurisdictions require extensive preclinical safety testing and clinical trials to demonstrate their safety and efficacy. Significant delays in preclinical and clinical testing could materially impact our product development costs and delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. Our ability to complete clinical trials in a timely manner, or at all, has in the past been, and could in the future be impacted by, among other factors: • delay or failure in reaching agreement with the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority on a trial design that we are able to execute; 44 • delay or failure in obtaining authorization to commence a trial or inability to comply with conditions imposed by a regulatory authority regarding the scope or design of a clinical study; • delay or failure in reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; • delay or failure in obtaining IRB approval or the approval of other reviewing entities, including comparable foreign entities, to conduct a clinical trial at each site; • withdrawal of clinical trial sites from our clinical trials as a result of changing standards of care or the ineligibility of a site to participate in our clinical trials; • delay or failure in obtaining clinical materials; • delay or failure in recruiting and enrolling suitable subjects to participate in a trial; • delay or failure of subjects completing a trial or returning for post-treatment follow-up; • clinical sites and investigators deviating from trial protocol, failing to conduct the trial in accordance with regulatory requirements, or dropping out of a trial; • inability to identify and maintain a sufficient number of trial sites, many of which may already be engaged in other clinical trial programs, including some that may be for the same indication; • failure of our third-party clinical trial managers to satisfy their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines; • delay or failure in adding new clinical trial sites; • ambiguous or negative interim results or results that are inconsistent with earlier results; • feedback from the FDA, the IRB, data safety monitoring boards or comparable foreign entities, or results from earlier stage or concurrent preclinical and clinical studies that might require modification to the protocol; • decisions by the FDA, the IRB, comparable foreign regulatory entities, or recommendations by a data safety monitoring board or comparable foreign regulatory entity to suspend or terminate clinical trials at any time for safety issues or for any other reason; • unacceptable risk-benefit profiles or unforeseen safety issues or adverse side effects; • failure to demonstrate a benefit from using a drug; • manufacturing issues, including problems with manufacturing or obtaining from third parties sufficient quantities of a product candidate for use in clinical trials; and • changes in governmental regulations or administrative actions or lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial. 45 We rely on CROs and clinical trial sites to ensure the proper and timely conduct of our clinical trials and while we have agreements governing their activities, we have limited influence over CROs’ actual performance. Our failure to successfully establish, recruit for, and oversee our clinical trials could delay our product development efforts and negatively impact our business. If we experience delays in the completion of any ongoing study, the commercial prospects of our product candidates or any of our other future product candidates could be harmed, and our ability to generate product revenue will be delayed. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase our costs, slow our product candidates’ development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to commence product sales and generate revenues. Any of these occurrences may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. Our use of hazardous materials could subject us to liabilities, fines and sanctions. Our laboratory and clinical testing sometimes involve use of hazardous, radioactive or otherwise toxic materials. We are subject to federal, state and local laws and regulations governing how we use, manufacture, handle, store and dispose of these materials. Although we believe that our safety procedures for handling and disposing of such materials comply in all material respects with all federal, state and local regulations and standards, there is always the risk of accidental contamination or injury from these materials. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for any damages that result, and we could also be subject to fines and penalties and such liability and costs could exceed our financial resources. If we fail to comply with these regulations and standards or with the conditions attached to our operating licenses, the licenses could be revoked, and we could be subjected to criminal sanctions and substantial financial liability or be required to suspend or modify our operations. Compliance with environmental and other laws may be expensive and current or future regulations may impair our product development efforts. Our employees may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements, which could have a negative impact on our business. We are exposed to the risk of employee fraud or other misconduct. Misconduct by employees could include intentional failures to comply with FDA regulations or similar regulations of comparable foreign regulatory authorities, provide accurate information to the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, comply with manufacturing standards we have established, comply with federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws and regulations and similar laws and regulations established and enforced by comparable foreign regulatory authorities, report financial information or data accurately, or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the healthcare industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Employee misconduct could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to be in compliance with such laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending ourselves or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business and results of operations, including the imposition of significant fines or other sanctions. We are and may become subject to stringent and evolving laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions, litigation, fines and penalties, disruptions of our business operations, reputational harm, loss of revenue or profits, and other adverse business consequences. In the ordinary course of business, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share (collectively, "processing") personal data and other sensitive information, including proprietary and confidential business data, trade secrets, intellectual property, sensitive third-party data, business plans, transactions and financial information (collectively, "sensitive data"). Our 46 data processing activities may subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contractual requirements, and other obligations relating to data privacy and security. In the U.S., federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous data privacy and security laws, including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws). For example, the CCPA requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of California residents to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA provides for civil penalties of up to $7,500 per violation and allows private litigants affected by certain data breaches to recover significant statutory damages. In addition, the CPRA, which became operative January 1, 2023, expanded the CCPA’s requirements, including applying to personal information of business representatives and employees and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. Other states, such as Virginia and Colorado, have also passed comprehensive data privacy and security laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. These developments may further complicate compliance efforts and may increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and the third parties upon whom we rely. For example, HIPAA imposes specific requirements relating to the privacy, security, and transmission of individually identifiable health information. Healthcare providers who prescribe our products and from whom we may obtain patient health information are subject to privacy and security requirements under HIPAA. We currently are not a HIPAA covered entity, do not intend to become one, and we do not operate as a business associate to any covered entities. We could be subject to criminal penalties if we knowingly obtain individually identifiable health information from a covered entity in a manner that is not authorized or permitted by HIPAA or for aiding and abetting the violation of HIPAA. We are unable to predict whether our actions could be subject to prosecution in the event of an impermissible disclosure of health information to us. Outside the U.S., an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards may govern data privacy and security. For example, GDPR imposes strict obligations and restrictions on the ability to collect, analyze and transfer personal data, including health data from clinical trials and adverse event reporting. In particular, these obligations and restrictions concern, when required, the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals, the transfer of personal data out of the EU or the United Kingdom, security breach notifications, security and confidentiality of the personal data and imposition of substantial potential fines for breaches of the data protection obligations. In addition, the EU and other jurisdictions have enacted laws restricting the transfer of personal data from the EU and other jurisdictions to the United States due to data localization requirements or limitations on cross-border data flows. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EU and United Kingdom to the United States in compliance with law, these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. In addition to data privacy and security laws, we may be contractually subject to industry standards adopted by industry groups and may become subject to such obligations in the future. We may also be bound by other contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. We may publish privacy policies, marketing materials, and other statements, such as compliance with certain certifications or self-regulatory principles, regarding data privacy and security. If these policies, materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators, or other adverse consequences. Obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing, becoming increasingly stringent, and creating regulatory uncertainty. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources and may necessitate changes to our services, information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. We may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) in our efforts to comply with our data privacy and security obligations. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties on whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations. If we or the third parties on which we rely fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with applicable data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant 47 consequences, including but not limited to: government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-action claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; and orders to destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: loss of customers; inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or substantial changes to our business model or operations. Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which would cause our business and reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we and the third parties upon which we rely may process sensitive data, and, as a result, we and the third parties upon which we rely face a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to ransomware attacks, which could cause security incidents. Cyber-attacks, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud, and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our sensitive data and information technology systems, and those of the third parties upon which we rely. Such threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer "hackers," threat actors, "hacktivists," organized criminal threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation states, and nation-state-supported actors. Some actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks, including without limitation nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, we and the third parties upon which we rely may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including retaliatory cyber-attacks, that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our services. We and the third parties upon which we rely may be subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. In particular, severe ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of sensitive data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. The increase in remote work has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers, and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. Additionally, future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities’ systems and technologies. Further, our reliance on third-party service providers could introduce new cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, including supply-chain attacks, and other threats to our business operations. We may rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process sensitive data in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, employee email, and other functions. We may also rely on third-party service providers to provide other products, services, parts, or otherwise to operate our business. Our ability to monitor these third parties’ information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If our third-party service providers experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their data privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. In addition, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties’ infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners’ supply chains have not been compromised. 48 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption that could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our sensitive data or our information technology systems, or those of the third parties upon whom we rely. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our services. We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities to try to protect against security incidents. Additionally, certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures or industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and sensitive data. While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We may be unable in the future to detect vulnerabilities in our information technology systems because such threats and techniques change frequently, are often sophisticated in nature, and may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders of security incidents. Such disclosures are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences. These consequences may include: government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing sensitive data (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause customers to stop using our services, deter new customers from using our services, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. In addition to experiencing a security incident, third parties may gather, collect, or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers, or other means that reveals competitively sensitive details about our organization and could be used to undermine our competitive advantage or market position. Changes in government policies, laws, and regulations and with respect to the government workforce may have a negative impact on our business and the markets in which we operate. The laws and regulations governing our operations, as well as their interpretation, may change from time to time, and new laws and regulations may be enacted. Similarly, operational changes at government agencies, including actions intended to reduce government spending at agencies that regulate significant parts of our business, such as the FDA and CMS, could have a significant impact on the implementation of laws and regulations that impact our business. For example, the layoffs and reorganizations at several U.S. health agencies, including the FDA, the Department of Health and Human Services (the "HHS"), the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health, are expected to impact the FDA's ability to review and approve new medicines and conduct necessary inspections. Over the last several years, the U.S. government has also shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and SEC, have had to furlough employees, experience substantial funding cuts and pause or delay critical activities. In addition, government funding of agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable, and spending allocations may undergo significant changes through congressional budgeting and 49 appropriations processes. Such disruptions at the FDA and other agencies may also increase the time necessary for new drugs or modifications to approved drugs to be reviewed and/or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. There is also a great degree of uncertainty related to the impact of U.S. Supreme Court decisions and executive orders on the enforcement and decision-making authority of regulatory agencies, including those in the FDA, which may lead to delays, if not cancellations, of pending and proposed regulations at federal agencies and subject significant regulatory actions by the agencies to presidential supervision and control. Accordingly, any change in these laws or regulations, changes in their interpretation, or newly enacted laws or regulations and any failure by us to comply with these laws or regulations could require changes to certain of our business practices, negatively impact our operations, cash flow or financial condition, impose additional costs on us or otherwise adversely affect our business. For example, significant changes to U.S. trade policy, including potential new or increased tariffs, along with countermeasures by the affected countries, may impact global trade, create sourcing challenges with respect to raw materials and instruments and increase our costs, potentially harming our business. The U.S. has imposed increased tariffs on certain countries and other countries have responded by announcing retaliatory tariffs on U.S. imports. The tariffs have disrupted and may continue to disrupt the global markets and escalate geopolitical tensions between the U.S. and other countries. The extent of the impact of such tariffs and proposed regulations on our business specifically, or on the U.S. market and global economy generally, are uncertain and unpredictable, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, the U.S. may also enact other regulations or policies that affect trade or otherwise impact the pharmaceutical industry by restricting U.S. pharmaceutical companies from contracting with certain countries for the development, research or manufacturing of pharmaceutical products.  For a discussion on the BIOSECURE Act and related risks, see "

