TICKER: IONS
============================================================

--- SUPPLY_CHAIN ---
supply chain. We plan to leverage our relationships with CMOs to maintain long-term supply at competitive prices in the future. While we believe that there are alternate sources of supply that can satisfy our commercial requirements, it is possible that identifying and establishing relationships with such sources, if necessary, could result in significant delay or material additional costs. We also could experience a disruption in supply from our current CMOs. CMOs are subject to the FDA’s cGMP requirements and other rules and regulations prescribed by foreign regulatory authorities. We depend on our CMOs for continued compliance with cGMP requirements and applicable foreign standards. Specifically, we have the following in place for our commercial medicines and our late-stage medicines. TRYNGOLZA/Olezarsen For TRYNGOLZA’s commercial drug supply, we are using CMOs to produce API and finished goods for ourselves and Sobi.  For the ongoing olezarsen clinical studies, we and/or our CMOs have supplied the API and the finished drug product. We intend to leverage our relationships with CMOs to meet and maintain long-term commercial supply at competitive prices in the future. We plan to accomplish this through a combination of maintaining adequate levels of safety stock and increasing the batch sizes to support approved indications. DAWNZERA For DAWNZERA’s commercial drug supply, we are using CMOs to produce API and finished goods for ourselves and Otsuka. We intend to leverage our relationships with CMOs to meet and maintain long-term commercial supply at competitive prices in the future. We plan to accomplish this through maintaining adequate levels of safety stock. WAINUA/Eplontersen AstraZeneca is responsible for WAINUA's commercial drug supply. Our CMOs supplied the API and the finished drug product for WAINUA’s Phase 3 program. Pursuant to our collaboration with AstraZeneca, we will supply WAINUA using CMOs for the ongoing clinical trials. 18 SPINRAZA Biogen is responsible for SPINRAZA drug supply. QALSODY Biogen is responsible for QALSODY drug supply. TEGSEDI and WAYLIVRA For TEGSEDI’s commercial drug supply, we are using CMOs to produce API and finished goods for  Sobi and PTC. For WAYLIVRA’s commercial drug supply, we are using API that we have manufactured and CMOs to produce the finished goods. Zilganersen We and our CMOs have supplied the API and the finished drug product for zilganersen clinical supply. We intend to use the same supply chain for future commercial drug supply. Ulefnersen We and our CMOs have supplied the API and the finished drug product for ulefnersen that we believe will be sufficient through the completion of the Phase 3 programs. Our partner, Otsuka, will be responsible for future commercial drug supply. Obudanersen We supplied API and drug product for the obudanersen Phase 1 and Phase 2 programs and intend to continue to supply drug for the ongoing Phase 3 program and any further clinical programs. Pelacarsen We supplied API and finished drug product for pelacarsen’s Phase 3 program. Pursuant to our collaboration with Novartis, Novartis is responsible for any further pelacarsen drug supply. Bepirovirsen We supplied API for bepirovirsen’s Phase 1 and Phase 2 programs. Pursuant to our collaboration with GSK, GSK is responsible for any further bepirovirsen drug supply. Sefaxersen (IONIS-FB-L Rx ) We supplied API for the sefaxersen Phase 1 and Phase 2 IgAN programs. Pursuant to our collaboration with Roche, Roche is responsible for any further drug supply for sefaxersen. Commercial Operations We have established sales and marketing capabilities to support our commercial launches of TRYNGOLZA, DAWNZERA and WAINUA in the U.S. We began with our co-commercialization partnership with AstraZeneca for WAINUA in which we combine our experience in RNA-targeted therapeutics and deep knowledge of the TTR amyloidosis market with AstraZeneca's global scale in drug development and commercialization to enable market penetration for the benefit of patients. We entered a new chapter as a fully integrated commercial-stage biotechnology company with our first independent commercial launch of TRYNGOLZA in December 2024 . We have continued refining our portfolio strategy and recruiting experienced professionals with relevant backgrounds in sales, marketing, patient education, market access, portfolio planning and market insight, new product commercial strategy and commercial operations in the pharmaceutical industry. We are focused on developing a unique and innovative approach to bring our medicines to patients living with serious diseases. We have built core capabilities and a commercial platform with the ability to scale as needed to meet our current and future commercialization needs. In addition, we established our TRYNGOLZA, DAWNZERA and olezarsen (sHTG) field sales team  and plan to build additional field teams as we approach each of our launches. 19 Medical Affairs We have built medical affairs capabilities to disseminate information about our medicines and increase disease awareness through various channels of communication with key stakeholders. Our medical affairs function is responsible for funding and coordinating investigator-sponsored trials, communicating scientific and clinical information to healthcare providers, medical professionals and patients, and managing publications. Intellectual Proprietary Rights We rely on patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and proprietary know-how to develop and maintain a competitive position in RNA-targeted therapeutics generally and to protect our investment in specific products. To this end, we focus our resources on intellectual property, or IP, that drives value for our company. Product-Specific IP Each of our medicines is protected worldwide by product-specific patents claiming oligonucleotides having the nucleobase sequences and chemical modifications of our medicines; and methods of achieving cellular or clinical endpoints using such oligonucleotides. We pursue such patents in significant markets and/or countries for each medicine in development. We also seek to maximize patent term. In some cases, the patent term can be extended to recapture a portion of the term lost during regulatory review. Expiration dates listed below do not reflect any such extensions. Commercial products are also protected by trademarks filed throughout the world. Marketed Products TRYNGOLZA/Olezarsen and ApoC-III We believe TRYNGOLZA (olezarsen) is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2034. Patent applications to protect TRYNGOLZA in other  jurisdictions have been granted or are being pursued. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting TRYNGOLZA in the U.S. and Europe. Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 9,163,239 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III EXPRESSION 2034 Composition of TRYNGOLZA United States 9,593,333 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III (APOCIII) EXPRESSION IN LIPOPROTEIN LIPASE DEFICIENT (LPLD) POPULATIONS 2034 Methods of treating lipoprotein lipase deficiency with an apo-CIII specific inhibitor wherein triglyceride levels are reduced United States 9,157,082 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN CIII (APOCIII) EXPRESSION 2032 Methods of using apo-CIII antisense compounds for reducing pancreatitis and chylomicronemia and increasing HDL United States 12,509,684 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III EXPRESSION 2034 Methods of treating FCS or hypertriglyceridemia by administering TRYNGOLZA Europe 2991656 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III EXPRESSION 2034 Composition of TRYNGOLZA Europe 2956176 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III (APOCIII) EXPRESSION IN LIPOPROTEIN LIPASE DEFICIENT (LPLD) POPULATIONS 2034 Methods of treating lipoprotein lipase deficiency with an apo-CIII specific inhibitor wherein triglyceride levels are reduced Europe 3357497 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN CIII (APOCIII) EXPRESSION 2032 Methods of using apo-CIII antisense compounds for reducing pancreatitis and chylomicronemia and increasing HDL Europe 4119569 CONJUGATED ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS FOR USE IN THERAPY 2036 Methods of administering TRYNGOLZA at identified doses 20 Trademark The name “TRYNGOLZA” is protected by trademarks throughout the world. DAWNZERA and PKK We believe DAWNZERA is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2035. Patent applications to protect DAWNZERA in other  jurisdictions have been granted or are being pursued. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting DAWNZERA in the U.S. and Europe. Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 9,315,811 METHODS FOR MODULATING KALLIKREIN (KLKB1) EXPRESSION 2032 Methods of treating HAE Europe 2717923 METHODS FOR MODULATING KALLIKREIN (KLKB1) EXPRESSION 2032 Compounds for use in treating an inflammatory condition, including HAE United States 10,294,477 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING PKK EXPRESSION 2035 Composition of DAWNZERA Europe 3137091 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING PKK EXPRESSION 2035 Composition of DAWNZERA Trademark The name "DAWNZERA" is protected by trademarks throughout the world. WAINUA/WAINZUA/Eplontersen and Transthyretin Patents We believe WAINUA/WAINZUA (eplontersen) is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2034. Patent applications to protect WAINUA/WAINZUA in other jurisdictions are being pursued. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting WAINUA/WAINZUA in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 10,683,499 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING TTR EXPRESSION 2034 Composition of WAINUA Europe 3524680 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING TTR EXPRESSION 2034 Composition of WAINUA Trademarks The names “WAINUA” and “WAINZUA” are protected by trademarks owned by our commercial partner Astra Zeneca. 21 SPINRAZA and Survival Motor Neuron 2 Patents We believe SPINRAZA (nusinersen) is protected from generic competition in the U.S. until at least 2035 and in Europe until at least 2030 by a suite of patents. These issued patents include: (i) patents licensed from the University of Massachusetts drawn to antisense compounds having the sequence of SPINRAZA, independent of chemical modification, and uses of such compounds for treating SMA, (ii) joint patents with Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory claiming fully modified 2’-MOE compounds targeting SMN2, including the precise composition of matter of SPINRAZA and methods of using such compositions; and (iii) dosing and therapeutic methods of using such compounds and compositions. With Biogen’s license of SPINRAZA, we assigned our interest in these patents to Biogen. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting SPINRAZA in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims Europe 1910395 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING 2026 Sequence and chemistry (full 2’-MOE) of SPINRAZA Europe 3308788 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING 2026 Pharmaceutical compositions that include SPINRAZA United States 7,838,657 SPINAL MUSCULAR ATROPHY (SMA) TREATMENT VIA TARGETING OF SMN2 SPLICE SITE INHIBITORY SEQUENCES 2027 Oligonucleotides having sequence of SPINRAZA United States 8,361,977 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING 2030 Sequence and chemistry (full 2’-MOE) of SPINRAZA United States 8,980,853 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING IN A SUBJECT 2030 Methods of administering SPINRAZA United States 9,717,750 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING IN A SUBJECT 2030 Methods of administering SPINRAZA to a patient Europe 3449926 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING IN A SUBJECT 2030 Pharmaceutical compositions that include SPINRAZA for treating SMA Europe 3305302 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING IN A SUBJECT 2030 Antisense compounds including SPINRAZA for treating SMA United States 9,926,559 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING IN A SUBJECT 2034 SPINRAZA doses for treating SMA United States 10,436,802 METHODS FOR TREATING SPINAL MUSCULAR ATROPHY 2035 SPINRAZA dosing regimen for treating SMA Trademarks The name “SPINRAZA” is protected throughout the world by trademarks owned by our commercial partner Biogen. 22 QALSODY and SOD-1 Patents We believe QALSODY is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2035. Patent applications to protect QALSODY in other jurisdictions have been granted or are being pursued. With Biogen’s license of QALSODY, we assigned our interest in these patents to Biogen. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting QALSODY in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 10,385,341 COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING SOD-1 EXPRESSION 2035 Composition of QALSODY United States 10,669,546 COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING SOD-1 EXPRESSION 2035 Methods of treating a SOD-1 associated neurodegenerative disorder by administering QALSODY United States 10,968,453 COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING SOD-1 EXPRESSION 2035 Methods of treating a SOD-1 associated neurodegenerative disorder by administering a pharmaceutical composition of QALSODY Europe 3126499 COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING SOD-1 EXPRESSION 2035 Composition of QALSODY Trademarks The name “QALSODY” is protected throughout the world by trademarks owned by our commercial partner Biogen. TEGSEDI and Transthyretin Patents We believe TEGSEDI (inotersen) is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2031. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting TEGSEDI in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 8,697,860 DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT OF DISEASE 2031 Composition of TEGSEDI United States 9,061,044 MODULATION OF TRANSTHYRETIN EXPRESSION 2031 Sodium salt composition of TEGSEDI United States 9,399,774 MODULATION OF TRANSTHYRETIN EXPRESSION 2031 Methods of treating transthyretin amyloidosis by administering TEGSEDI Europe 2563920 MODULATION OF TRANSTHYRETIN EXPRESSION 2031 Composition of TEGSEDI Trademarks The name “TEGSEDI” is protected by trademark throughout the world. 23 WAYLIVRA and ApoC-III Patents We believe WAYLIVRA (volanesorsen) is protected from generic competition in Europe until at least 2034. We have obtained patent claims in the U.S. and Europe drawn to the use of antisense compounds complementary to a broad active region of human ApoC-III, including the site targeted by WAYLIVRA. We have also obtained issued patents claiming the specific sequence and chemical composition of WAYLIVRA in the U.S. and Europe. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting WAYLIVRA in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 9,157,082 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III (APOCIII) EXPRESSION 2032 Methods of using apo-CIII antisense compounds for reducing pancreatitis and chylomicronemia and increasing HDL United States 9,593,333 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III (APOCIII) EXPRESSION IN LIPOPROTEIN LIPASE DEFICIENT (LPLD) POPULATIONS 2034 Methods of treating lipoprotein lipase deficiency with an apo-CIII specific inhibitor wherein triglyceride levels are reduced Europe 2956176 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III (APOCIII) EXPRESSION IN LIPOPROTEIN LIPASE DEFICIENT (LPLD) POPULATIONS 2034 Apo-CIII specific inhibitors including WAYLIVRA for treating lipoprotein lipase deficiency or FCS Trademark The name “WAYLIVRA” is protected by trademark in Europe. Late-Stage Ionis-Owned Programs Zilganersen and GFAP We believe zilganersen is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2041. The table below lists key issued patents protecting zilganersen in the U.S. and  Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 11,786,546 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING GFAP 2041 Composition of zilganersen Europe 3956450 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING GFAP 2040 Composition of zilganersen Obudanersen and UBE3A We believe obudanersen is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2040. P atent applications  to protect obudanersen in other jurisdictions have been granted or are being pursued. The table below lists key issued patents protecting obudanersen in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 11,261,446 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING UBE3A-ATS 2040 Composition of obudanersen Europe 3947684 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING UBE3A-ATS 2040 Composition of obudanersen United States 9,617,539 MODULATION OF UBE3A-ATS EXPRESSION 2033 Methods of treating Angelman syndrome with an antisense compound targeting a region of UBE3A-ATS Europe 3770258 MODULATION OF UBE3A-ATS EXPRESSION 2033 Oligonucleotides complementary to a region of UBE3A-ATS for use in treating Angelman syndrome 24 Late-Stage Partnered Programs Bepirovirsen and Hepatitis B Virus We believe bepirovirsen is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2032. Patent applications to protect bepirovirsen in other jurisdictions have been granted for are being pursued. With GSK’s license of bepirovirsen, we assigned our interest in these patents to GSK. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting bepirovirsen in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 8,642,752 MODULATION OF HEPATITIS B VIRUS (HBV) EXPRESSION 2032 Composition of bepirovirsen Europe 3505528 MODULATION OF HEPATITIS B VIRUS (HBV) EXPRESSION 2032 Composition of bepirovirsen Pelacarsen and Apo(a) We believe pelacarsen is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2034. Patent applications to protect pelacarsen in other jurisdictions have been granted or are being pursued. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting pelacarsen in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 9,574,193 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (A) EXPRESSION 2033 Methods of lowering Apo(a) and/or Lp(a) levels with an oligonucleotide complementary within the nucleotide region of Apo(a) targeted by pelacarsen United States 10,478,448 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (A) EXPRESSION 2033 Methods of treating hyperlipidemia with an oligonucleotide complementary within the nucleotide region of Apo(a) targeted by pelacarsen United States 9,884,072 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (A) EXPRESSION 2033 Oligonucleotides complementary within the nucleotide region of Apo(a) targeted by pelacarsen Europe 2855500 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (A) EXPRESSION 2033 Oligonucleotides complementary within the nucleotide region of Apo(a) targeted by pelacarsen for decreasing Apo(a) expression United States 9,181,550 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (a) EXPRESSION 2034 Composition of pelacarsen United States 12,291,709 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (a) EXPRESSION 2034 Methods of administering pelacarsen Europe 2992009 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (a) EXPRESSION 2034 Composition of pelacarsen 25 Sefaxersen and Factor B We believe sefaxersen is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2035. Patent applications to protect sefaxersen in other  jurisdictions are being pursued. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting sefaxersen in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims Europe 3043827 MODULATORS OF COMPLEMENT FACTOR B 2034 Compound comprising the antisense oligonucleotide portion of sefaxersen United States 10,280,423 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING COMPLEMENT FACTOR B EXPRESSION 2035 Composition of sefaxersen Europe 3137596 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING COMPLEMENT FACTOR B EXPRESSION 2035 Composition of sefaxersen Ulefnersen and FUS We believe ulefnersen will be protected from generic competition  in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2040. The table below lists a key pending patent application designed to protect ulefnersen in the U.S. and a key issued patent protecting ulefnersen in Europe: Jurisdiction Patent Application No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 17/613,183 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR REDUCING FUS EXPRESSION 2040 Composition of ulefnersen Europe 3976791 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR REDUCING FUS EXPRESSION 2040 Composition of ulefnersen Platform IP In addition to the IP that provides exclusivity for specific products, we also pursue IP that provides exclusivity for our core technology  more generally. Our core technology patents include claims to chemically modified oligonucleotides as well as designs utilizing these chemical modifications. Because these core claims are independent of specific therapeutic target, nucleic acid sequence, or clinical indication, they may reach several products. 26 Chemically Modified Nucleosides and Oligonucleotides The most broadly applicable of our patents are those that claim modified nucleosides and oligonucleotides comprising the modified nucleosides that we incorporate into our medicines to increase their therapeutic efficacy. The following are some of our patents in this category in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 7,399,845 6-MODIFIED BICYCLIC NUCLEIC ACID ANALOGS 2027 cEt nucleosides and oligonucleotides containing these nucleoside analogs United States 7,741,457 6-MODIFIED BICYCLIC NUCLEIC ACID ANALOGS 2027 cEt nucleosides and oligonucleotides containing these nucleoside analogs United States 8,022,193 6-MODIFIED BICYCLIC NUCLEIC ACID ANALOGS 2027 Oligonucleotides containing cEt nucleoside analogs Europe 1984381 6-MODIFIED BICYCLIC NUCLEIC ACID ANALOGS 2027 cEt nucleosides and oligonucleotides containing these nucleoside analogs Europe 2314594 6-MODIFIED BICYCLIC NUCLEIC ACID ANALOGS 2027 Oligonucleotides containing cEt nucleoside analogs and methods of use United States 7,569,686 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR SYNTHESIS OF BICYCLIC NUCLEIC ACID ANALOGS 2027 Methods of synthesizing cEt nucleosides Europe 2092065 ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS 2027 Gapmer oligonucleotides having 2’-modifed and LNA nucleosides Europe 2410053 ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS 2027 Gapmer oligonucleotides having wings comprised of 2’-MOE and bicyclic nucleosides Europe 2410054 ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS 2027 Gapmer oligonucleotides having a 2’-modifed nucleoside in the 5’-wing and a bicyclic nucleoside in the 3’-wing United States 9,550,988 ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS 2028 Gapmer oligonucleotides having BNA nucleosides and 2’-MOE nucleosides United States 10,493,092 ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS 2028 Gapmer oligonucleotides having BNA nucleosides and 2’-MOE nucleosides and/or 2’-OMe nucleosides Europe 3067421 OLIGOMERIC COMPOUNDS COMPRISING BICYCLIC NUCLEOTIDES AND USES THEREOF 2032 Gapmer oligonucleotides having at least one bicyclic, one 2’-modified nucleoside and one 2’-deoxynucleoside United States 11,629,348 LINKAGE MODIFIED OLIGONUCLEOTIDES AND USES THEREOF 2040 Gapmer oligonucleotides having 2-4 mesyl phosphoramidate internucleoside linkages at specified positions in the gap 27 LIgand-Conjugated Antisense (LICA) Technology We also have patent claims to chemistries created to enhance targeting of antisense medicines to specific tissues and cells to improve a drug’s properties. We designed our GalNAc LIgand-Conjugated Antisense, or LICA, medicines to provide an increase in potency for targets in the liver. We have successfully obtained issued patent claims covering our LICA technology conjugated to any modified oligonucleotide, including gapmers, double-stranded siRNA compounds, and fully modified oligonucleotides. The following patents are some examples of our issued patents in this category: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 9,127,276 CONJUGATED ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS AND THEIR USE 2034 Preferred THA LICA conjugated to any group of nucleosides, including gapmers, double-stranded siRNA compounds, and fully modified oligonucleotides United States 9,181,549 CONJUGATED ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS AND THEIR USE 2034 Preferred THA conjugate having our preferred linker and cleavable moiety conjugated to any oligomeric compound or any nucleoside having a 2’-MOE modification or a cEt modification Europe 2991661 CONJUGATED ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS AND THEIR USE 2034 Preferred THA LICA conjugated to any group of nucleosides, including gapmers, double-stranded siRNA compounds, and fully modified oligonucleotides Manufacturing We also own patents claiming methods of manufacturing and purifying oligonucleotides and related compounds. These patents claim methods for improving oligonucleotide drug manufacturing, including processes for large-scale oligonucleotide synthesis and purification. Government Regulation Regulation by government authorities in the U.S. and other countries is a significant component in the development, manufacture and commercialization of pharmaceutical products and services. In addition to regulations enforced by the FDA and relevant foreign regulatory authorities, we are also subject to regulation under the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and other present and potential future federal, state and local regulations. Extensive regulation by the U.S. and foreign governmental authorities governs the development, manufacture and sale of our medicines. In particular, our medicines are subject to a number of approval requirements by the FDA in the U.S. under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and other laws and by comparable agencies in those foreign countries in which we conduct business. The FDCA and other various federal, state and foreign statutes govern or influence the research, testing, manufacture, safety, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, approval, promotion, marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, quality, and import and export of our medicines. State, local, and other authorities also regulate pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities and procedures. Our manufacturing facility and our CMOs are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA and other foreign equivalents to ensure that they are operating in compliance with cGMP requirements. In addition, marketing authorization for each new medicine may require a rigorous manufacturing pre-approval inspection by regulatory authorities. Post approval, there are strict regulations regarding changes to the manufacturing process, and, depending on the significance of the change, changes may require prior FDA approval. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide to use. The FDA must approve any new medicine or new indication before a manufacturer can market it in the U.S. To obtain approval, we and our partners must complete clinical studies and prepare and submit an NDA or supplemental NDA to the FDA. When the FDA approves a medicine, it will issue an approval letter authorizing commercial marketing of the medicine and may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to help ensure the benefits of the medicine outweigh the potential risks. The requirements for REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of our medicines. In foreign jurisdictions, the drug approval process is similarly demanding. 28 Pricing and Reimbursement For any approved medicine, domestic and foreign sales of the medicine depend, in part, on the availability and amount of coverage and adequate reimbursement by third-party payers, including governments and private health plans. The process for determining whether a payer will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payer will pay for the product, or procedures that utilize such product. Private health plans may seek to manage cost and use of our medicines by implementing coverage and reimbursement limitations. For example, third-party payers may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all FDA-approved products for a particular indication. Moreover, a payer's decision to provide coverage for a medicine does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Additionally, coverage and reimbursement for drugs can differ significantly from payer to payer. One third-party payer's decision to cover a particular medicine does not ensure that other payers will also provide coverage for the medicine or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. Third-party payers are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medicines and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. To obtain coverage and reimbursement for any medicine that might be approved for sale, we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our medicine. These studies will be in addition to the studies required to obtain regulatory approvals. If third-party payers do not consider a medicine to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover the medicine after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to sell such medicine at a profit. In certain jurisdictions, governments may also regulate or influence coverage, reimbursement and/or pricing of our medicines to control cost or affect use. In the European community, governments influence the price of drugs through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care systems that fund a large part of the cost of those medicines to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which medicines may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed to by the government. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical studies that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular drug candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. The marketability of any medicine for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government or third-party payers fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, the focus on cost containment measures in the U.S. and other countries has increased and we expect will continue to increase the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if we attain favorable coverage and reimbursement status for one or more medicines for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Healthcare Reform Both the federal and state governments in the U.S. and foreign governments continue to propose and pass new legislation and regulations designed to contain or reduce the cost of healthcare. In the U.S., recent health reform measures have resulted in reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, and there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries, legislation and executive orders designed to, among other things, reduce drug prices, increase competition (including by enhancing support for generic and biosimilar drugs), lower out-of-pocket drug costs for patients, curtail spread pricing practices by pharmacy benefit managers, and foster scientific innovation to promote better health care and improved health. For example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively the Affordable Care Act, substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers and continues to significantly impact the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. Since its enactment, there have been amendments and judicial, Congressional and executive branch challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act, as well as efforts to repeal or replace certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that the U.S. federal government will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand or revenue for our commercial medicines and our medicines in development. 29 There has also been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in efforts to bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for medicines. For example, in August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA, was signed into law, which includes key actions aimed at reducing the costs of prescription drugs and allows the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs covered under Medicare and establish a price cap on such drugs, known as the Maximum Fair Price. There are important exemptions to the Maximum Fair Price, including for medications that are orphan drug designated and approved for only one rare disease, and drugs with low Medicare spend as defined by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS. The IRA, among other things, (1) directed HHS to negotiate, through a negotiation program, the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics that have been on the market for at least seven years covered under Medicare, or the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program, and (2) imposed rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. Each year, up to 20 products will be selected by HHS for the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Products subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program are expected to experience a significant reduction in reimbursement from the Medicare program on a per unit basis. The current U.S. Presidential administration is pursuing policies to reduce regulations and expenditures across government agencies, including at HHS, the FDA, CMS, and other related agencies, with a particular focus on most favored nation pricing equal to or lower than those paid in other developed nations. These actions, presently directed by executive orders or memoranda from the Office of Management and Budget, may propose additional policy changes that create uncertainty for our business. For example, in furtherance of the administration’s drug pricing initiatives, in December 2025, CMS issued proposed rules that, if finalized, would implement new mandatory and voluntary payment models to implement a most favored nation rebate model. These models are referred to as the GLOBE Model, GUARD Model and GENEROUS Model. At this time, it remains unclear whether the proposed models will be finalized and, if so, whether any changes will be made prior to their implementation. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers.  Our future product sales may be subject to additional discounts from list price in the form of rebates and discounts provided to 340B covered entities. Changes to the 340B program or to Medicare or Medicaid programs at the federal or state level, including outcomes of ongoing litigation in our industry, may impact our product prices and rebate liability. Other Healthcare Laws In addition, the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical products is subject to the Drug Supply Chain Security Act, or DSCA, which regulates the distribution and tracing of prescription drugs and prescription drug samples at the federal level and sets minimum standards for the regulation of drug distributors by the states. The DSCA imposes requirements to ensure accountability in distribution and to identify and remove counterfeit and other illegitimate products from the market. Numerous regulatory authorities in addition to the FDA, including, in the U.S., CMS, other divisions of the HHS, the U.S. Department of Justice, and similar foreign, state and local government authorities, regulate sales, promotion and other activities following drug approval. As described above, the FDA regulates all advertising and promotion activities for drugs under its jurisdiction both prior to and after approval. Only those claims relating to safety and efficacy that the FDA has approved may be used in labeling. Physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for uses that are not described in the drug’s labeling and that differ from those tested and that the FDA approved. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments, but FDA regulations do impose stringent restrictions on manufacturers’ pre-approval communications and communications regarding off-label uses. If we do not comply with applicable FDA requirements, we may face adverse publicity, enforcement action by the FDA, including corrective advertising, consent decrees and the full range of civil and criminal penalties available to the FDA. Promotion of off-label uses of drugs can also implicate the false claims laws described below. 30 In the U.S., sales, marketing and scientific/educational programs must also comply with various federal and state laws pertaining to healthcare “fraud and abuse,” including anti-kickback laws and false claims laws. Anti-kickback laws make it illegal for a prescription drug manufacturer to solicit, offer, receive, or pay any remuneration in exchange for, or to induce, the referral of business, including the purchase or prescription of a particular drug. Moreover, healthcare reform legislation has strengthened certain of these laws. For example, the Affordable Care Act, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback and criminal healthcare fraud statutes to clarify that a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the Affordable Care Act clarifies that the government may assert that a claim that includes items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal false claims statutes. False claims laws prohibit anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing to be presented for payment, to third-party payers (including Medicare and Medicaid) claims for reimbursed drugs or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. Our activities relating to the sale and marketing of our drugs may be subject to scrutiny under these laws. Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal, civil and administrative sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, the possibility of exclusion from federal healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid) and corporate integrity agreements, which impose, among other things, rigorous operational and monitoring requirements on companies. Similar sanctions and penalties also can be imposed upon executive officers and employees, including criminal sanctions against executive officers under the so-called “responsible corporate officer” doctrine, even in situations where the executive officer did not intend to violate the law and was unaware of any wrongdoing. Other healthcare laws that may affect our ability to operate include, for example, the following: ● The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996,
or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and
Clinical Health Act, which imposes requirements relating to the privacy,
security and transmission of individually identifiable health information on
certain health care providers, health care clearinghouses, and health plans,
known as covered entities, and their covered subcontractors, known as business
associates; ● HIPAA also created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit,
among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to
execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private
third-party payers and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or
covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or
fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for
healthcare benefits, items or services; ● Foreign and state laws governing the privacy and security of health
information, such as the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, in the EU
and UK; and the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, in California, some
of which are more stringent than HIPAA and many of which differ from each other
in significant ways and may not have the same effect; ● T he Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain
manufacturers of medicines, devices, biologics, and medical supplies to report
annually to CMS information related to payments and other transfers of value to
physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists,
and chiropractors), other healthcare providers (such as physician assistants
and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment
interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and ● Foreign laws requiring reporting on transfers of value to physicians,
which may differ from those in the U.S. Given the significant penalties and fines that can be imposed on companies and individuals if convicted, allegations of such violations often result in settlements even if the company or individual being investigated admits no wrongdoing. Settlements often include significant civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, corporate integrity agreements, and could include criminal penalties. If the government alleged, or subsequently settled or convicted us or our executive officers of violating these laws, our business could be harmed. In addition, private individuals can bring similar actions. Our activities could be subject to challenge for the reasons discussed above and due to the broad scope of these laws and the increasing attention being given to them by law enforcement authorities. As described above, other healthcare laws that may affect our operations include HIPAA, analogous state laws governing the privacy and security of health information, some of which are more stringent than HIPAA and many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, and the Physician Payments Sunshine Act. Further, there are an increasing number of state laws that require manufacturers to make reports to states on pricing and marketing information. Many of these laws contain ambiguities as to what is required to comply with the laws. Given the lack of clarity in laws and their implementation, our reporting actions could be subject to the penalty provisions of the pertinent state authorities. 31 Similar rigid (and in some areas, heightened) restrictions are imposed on the promotion and marketing of drugs in the E.U. and other countries. Even in those countries where we may not be directly responsible for the promotion and marketing of our medicines, if our potential international distribution partners engage in inappropriate activity, it can have adverse implications for us. As discussed above, both the federal and state governments in the U.S. and foreign governments continue to propose and pass new legislation and regulations designed to contain or reduce the cost of healthcare, which may impact these laws. Further, such laws may be subject to future amendments, updated guidance or varying interpretations. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits certain individuals and entities, including us, from promising, paying, offering to pay, or authorizing the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, directly or indirectly, to obtain or retain business or an improper advantage. The FCPA also requires publicly traded companies to maintain accurate books and records and establish and maintain a system of internal accounting controls. If we violate the FCPA, it could result in large civil and criminal penalties as well as have an adverse effect on our reputation, operations, and financial condition. We could also face collateral consequences such as debarment and the loss of export privileges. In addition, in many other countries, the healthcare providers who conduct clinical trials or prescribe pharmaceuticals are employed by their government, and the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, any dealings with these prescribers and purchasers may be subject to regulation under the FCPA. There is no certainty that all employees and third-party business partners (including our contract research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations, distributors, wholesalers, agents, contractors and other partners) will comply with the FCPA or local anti-bribery laws. Importantly, we do not control the actions of contract manufacturers and other third-party agents, although we may be liable for their actions. Competition Our Business in General Some of our medicines may compete with existing therapies for market share and some of our medicines in development may compete for patients in clinical trials. In addition, there are a number of companies pursuing the development of genetic medicines and the development of pharmaceuticals utilizing these technologies. These companies include biopharmaceutical companies and large pharmaceutical companies acting either independently or together. Our medicines are differentiated from traditional small molecule medicines by their chemistry, how they move in the body, how they act in the body, delivery technology, and formulations. Our commercial medicines and our medicines in development address numerous markets. The diseases our medicines target for which we have or may receive marketing authorization will determine our competition. For some of our medicines, an important factor may be the timing of market introduction of competitive products. Accordingly, the relative speed with which we can develop medicines, complete the clinical trials and marketing authorization processes and supply commercial quantities of the medicines to the market are important competitive factors. We expect to compete with products approved for sale based on a variety of factors, including, among other things, product efficacy, safety, mechanism of action, dosing administration, marketing and sales strategy and tactics, availability, price, and reimbursement. Below we have included what we believe to be medicines that compete or may compete directly with our marketed medicines and late-stage medicines. We included competitors and potential competitors that are past Phase 1 development. 32 Marketed Medicines TRYNGOLZA/Olezarsen and WAYLIVRA We believe that the following medicines could compete with TRYNGOLZA/olezarsen and WAYLIVRA in FCS and sHTG: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Redemplo

      (Plozasiran) Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Targets APOCIII by utilizing Targeted RNAi Molecule Platform Approved in U.S. for FCS,

      under review in the EU for FCS, Phase 3 sHTG Subcutaneous Injection Pegozafermin Roche FGF21 analog Phase 3 sHTG Subcutaneous Injection NST-1024 NorthSea Therapeutics CETP Inhibitor Phase 2 sHTG Oral Solbinsiran Eli Lilly ANGPTL3 inhibitor; siRNA Phase 2 sHTG Subcutaneous Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. DAWNZERA We believe that the following medicines could compete with DAWNZERA as a prophylactic treatment for patients with HAE: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Takhzyro (lanadelumab-flyo) Takeda A monoclonal antibody that inhibits plasma kallikrein activity Approved for HAE patients two years and older Subcutaneous Injection Cinryze (C1 esterase inhibitor) Takeda A human plasma protein that mediates inflammation and coagulation Approved for HAE patients six years and older Intravenous Infusion Orladeyo

      (berotralstat) BioCryst Oral plasma kallikrein inhibitor Approved for HAE patients 12 years and older Oral Andembry (Garadacimab) CSL Behring An anti-factor XIIa monoclonal antibody Approved for HAE patients 12 years and older Subcutaneous Injection Haegarda (C1 esterase inhibitor) CSL Behring C1 esterase inhibitor Approved for HAE patients 6 years and older Subcutaneous Injection Deucrictibant Pharvaris An oral B2-receptor antagonist Phase 3 Oral Lonvoguranziclumeran (lonvo-z) (NTLA-2002) Intellia CRISPR therapeutic candidate designed to inactivate the kallikrein B1 gene Phase 3 Intravenous Infusion STAR-0215 (Navenibart) Astria/BioCryst A monoclonal antibody inhibitor of plasma kallikrein Phase3 Subcutaneous Injection ADX-324 ADARx An siRNA designed to reduce the product of PKK Phase 3 Subcutaneous Injection BW-20805 Argo An siRNA designed to reduce the product of PKK Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. 33 WAINUA/Eplontersen and TEGSEDI We consider the following medicines as competitors and potential future competitors to WAINUA/eplontersen and TEGSEDI for ATTRv-PN and/or ATTR-CM: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Onpattro

      (Patisiran) Alnylam An RNAi medicine formulated with lipid nanoparticles to inhibit TTR mRNA Approved in U.S., EU, Japan and select other markets for ATTRv-PN Intravenous Infusion Vyndaqel/Vyndamax

      (Tafamidis and tafamidis meglumine) Pfizer A small molecule medicine to stabilize TTR protein Approved in EU, Japan and select other markets for ATTRv-PN (not approved in the U.S.); ATTR-CM approved in the U.S., EU and other geographies Oral Amvuttra

      (Vutrisiran) Alnylam An RNAi medicine conjugated with GalNAc to inhibit TTR mRNA Approved for ATTRv-PN and ATTR-CM in the U.S., EU and Japan Subcutaneous Injection Attruby (Acoramidis) BridgeBio Small molecule that binds and stabilizes TTR in the blood Approved in U.S., EU and Japan for ATTR-CM Oral NTLA-2001 (Nexiguran Ziclumeran (nex-z)) Intellia/ Regeneron CRISPR therapeutic candidate designed to reduce circulating TTR protein levels Phase 3 ATTR-CM,

      Phase 3 ATTRv-PN Intravenous Infusion Cliramitug (ALXN2220) AstraZeneca A monoclonal IgG1 which acts by depleting TTR protein Phase 3 ATTR-CM Intravenous Infusion Coramitug (NNC6019-0001) Novo Nordisk A monoclonal antibody to deplete amyloid Phase 3 ATTR-CM Intravenous Infusion Nucresiran Alnylam Third generation RNAi TTR therapy Phase 3 ATTR-CM Subcutaneous Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. SPINRAZA We consider the following medicines as competitors to SPINRAZA for the indication of SMA: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Zolgensma

      (Onasemnogene abeparvovec) Novartis Gene therapy targeting the genetic root cause of SMA by replacing the missing or nonworking SMN1 gene Approved for pediatric SMA patients less than 2 years of age Intravenous Infusion Evrysdi

      (Risdiplam) Roche A small molecule medicine that modulates splicing of the SMN2 gene Approved for SMA in pediatric and adult patients Oral Itvisma
      (Onasemnogene abeparvovec) Novartis Gene therapy targeting the genetic root cause of SMA by replacing the missing or nonworking SMN1 gene Approved for SMA in pediatric and adult patients Intrathecal Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. 34 QALSODY We believe that the following medicine could compete with QALSODY in SOD1-ALS: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) AP-101 Neurimmune (AL-S Pharma) / Lilly A human derived antibody targeting misfolded SOD1 Phase 2 Intravenous Infusion (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. Late-Stage Ionis-Owned Programs Zilganersen We are not aware of any medicines in clinical development for AxD other than zilganersen. Obudanersen We believe that the following medicines could compete with obudanersen in Angelman syndrome: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Apazunersen (GTX-102) Ultragenyx An ASO designed to inhibit expression of UBE3A-ATS Phase 3 Intrathecal Rugonersen Oak Hill Bio / Roche A locked nucleic acid that targets UBE3A gene Phase 3 Intrathecal Alogabat Roche A small molecule that is GABA A alpha 5 receptor modulator Phase 2 Oral NNZ-2591 Neuren A small molecule, cGP analog, that targets IGF-1 Phase 2 Oral MVX-220 MavriX Bio Hu68AAV gene therapy designed to deliver the human UBE3A gene to neurons Phase 1/2 Intra Cisterna Magna Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. 35 Late-Stage Partnered Programs Bepirovirsen We believe that the following medicines could compete with bepirovirsen in HBV: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Elebsiran

      (VIR-2218) Vir Biotech / Alnylam RNAi therapeutic to reduce HBV viral antigens Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection Imdusiran

      (AB-729) Arbutus Biopharma RNAi therapeutic to reduce HBV viral antigens Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection Tobevibart

      (VIR-3434) Vir Biotech Monoclonal antibody neutralizing hepatitis B virus Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection Selgantolimod Gilead Sciences Toll-like receptor 8 agonist Phase 2 Oral REP 2139-Mg Replicor Inc. Nucleic acid polymer that blocks the assembly of subviral particles (SVPs) in hepatocytes Phase 2 Intravenous Infusion / Subcutaneous Injection VTP-300 Barinthus Bio Antigen-specific immunotherapy Phase 2 Intramuscular Injection BRII-179 Brii Biosciences Recombinant protein-based immunotherapy Phase 2 Intramuscular Injection Pevifoscorvir sodium (ALG-000184) Aligos Capsid assembly modulator (CAM-E) Phase 2 Oral AHB-137 AusperBio Antisense oligonucleotide targeting HBV RNA Phase 3 (China) Subcutaneous Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. Pelacarsen We believe that the following medicines could compete with pelacarsen in CVD in patients with elevated Lp(a): Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Olpasiran Amgen/ Arrowhead RNAi therapeutic designed to lower Lp(a) Phase 3 Subcutaneous Injection Lepodisiran Eli Lilly RNAi therapeutic designed to lower Lp(a) Phase 3 Subcutaneous Injection Muvalaplin Eli Lilly Small molecule therapy to lower Lp(a) Phase 3 Oral DII235 Argo Biopharmaceutical RNAi therapeutic designed to lower Lp(a) Phase 3 ready Subcutaneous Injection Zerlasiran Silence RNAi therapeutic designed to lower Lp(a) Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection Obicetrapib NewAmsterdam Pharma CETP inhibitor Phase 2 Oral (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. 36 Sefaxersen We believe that the following medicines could compete with sefaxersen in IgAN: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Tarpeyo (budesonide) Asahi Kasei (Calliditas) A corticosteroid indicated to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN Approved to slow kidney-function decline in adults with IgAN Oral Filspari (Sparsentan) Travere An endothelin & angiotensin II receptor antagonist to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN Approved to slow kidney-function decline in adults with IgAN Oral Fabhalta

      (Iptacopan) Novartis (Chinook) A factor B inhibitor of the alternative complement pathway Approved to reduce proteinuria in adults with IgAN Oral Vanrafia (Atrasentan) Novartis (Chinook) An endothelin A receptor antagonist Approved to reduce proteinuria in adults with IgAN Oral Voyxact (Sibeprenlimab) Otsuka (Visterra) A humanized IgG2 monoclonal antibody that inhibits APRIL Approved to reduce proteinuria in adults with IgAN Subcutaneous Injection Zigakibart Novartis (Chinook) An anti-APRIL monoclonal antibody Phase 3 (IgAN) Subcutaneous Injection Atacicept Vera A recombinant fusion protein a dual inhibitor of BLyS and APRIL Phase 3 (IgAN) Subcutaneous Injection Ravulizumab Alexion (AstraZeneca) A humanized monoclonal antibody to complement factor 5 Phase 3 (IgAN) Subcutaneous Injection Povetacicept Vertex (Alpine) A dual BAFF and APRIL inhibitor Phase 3 (IgAN) Intravenous Infusion / Subcutaneous Injection Telitacicept RemeGen A dual BAFF and APRIL inhibitor Phase 3 (IgAN) Subcutaneous Injection Felzartamab Biogen (Hi-Bio) A monoclonal antibody directed against CD38 Phase 3 (IgAN) Intravenous Infusion Mezagitamab Takeda anti-CD38 IgG1 monoclonal antibody Phase 3 Subcutaneous Injection WAL0921 Walden Biosciences uPAR antagonist monoclonal antibody Phase 2 Intravenous Infusion (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. Ulefnersen We are not aware of any medicines in clinical development for FUS-ALS other than ulefnersen. Corporate Responsibility Initiatives We believe operating responsibly and sustainably creates long-term value for our company and our stakeholders. We recognize the importance of Corporate Responsibility, or CR, and Environmental, Social and Governance, or ESG, initiatives as it relates to our business strategy and risk assessment. We continue to evolve our CR program and established three strategic CR pillars and associated goals to guide our approach and provide a framework for reporting on our performance. We began reporting on CR metrics in 2021 and have continued to expand disclosure since then. In 2025, we reported progress on our CR goals aligned to the three strategic CR pillars that we believe are most important to our business: 37 Ionis Corporate Responsibility Strategic Pillars Innovate to improve the lives

      of people with serious diseases Empowering our

      employees and communities Operating

      responsibly and sustainably We innovate across the business and work tirelessly to discover, develop and deliver important new medicines for people with serious diseases. We are committed to fostering an inclusive culture that drives excellence, embraces diversity, and supports our communities. We operate with integrity to help create a better, more sustainable future for all through environmental stewardship and responsible business practices and stakeholder interactions. ● Innovation and R&D ● Access and Affordability ● Patient Advocacy and Engagement ● Workplace Culture, Talent Attraction and Development ● Inclusion and Belonging ● Social Impact and Community Engagement ● Environmental Sustainability ● Governance and Integrity ● Data Privacy and Cybersecurity Our CR initiatives are driven by our Chief Executive Officer and executive-level CR Steering Committee, or CR Committee. The CR Committee consists of senior leaders in key functions across the company, including legal, finance, investor relations, human resources, research and development, manufacturing, commercial, compliance and corporate affairs. The CR Committee is part of our governance framework, which defines responsibilities and ensures we have the right systems and controls to oversee ethical and sustainable operations across our business. Our Board of Directors, specifically the Nominating, Governance and Review Committee, has oversight of our overall CR strategy and material CR risks and opportunities as outlined in the Committee’s charter. The Board receives updates related to corporate governance and corporate responsibility from the CR Committee at least once annually. We look to our stakeholders and third-party frameworks such as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Health Care – Biotechnology and Pharmaceuticals Standard and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures to inform our approach and our disclosures. We continue to share progress on our CR goals and more details on our initiatives in our 2025 CR Report, which we expect to publish in April 2026 and will be available on our website. Nothing in the report or on our website shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Employees and Human Capital As of February 19, 2026, we employed 1,402 people, the vast majority of whom reside in the U.S. A significant number of our management and professional employees have had prior experience with pharmaceutical, biotechnology or medical product companies. Our average employee turnover rate in 2025 was 7 percent, while the turnover for life sciences and medical device companies over this period was 20 percent according to a survey published by Radford – an Aon Hewitt Company. Given the uniqueness and complexity of our technology, it is critical to retain the knowledge and experience of outstanding long service employees. The experience and seniority of our employees is as critical to our future success as it has been to the success we have enjoyed to date. Collective bargaining agreements do not cover any of our employees, and management considers relations with our employees to be good. We believe that the future will be defined by outstanding people and we are committed to recruiting, developing, motivating, and rewarding them. We encourage you to visit our website for more detailed information regarding our Human Capital programs and initiatives. Nothing on our website shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 38 Benefits We reward our employees individually on the basis of their responsibilities and accomplishments. We offer competitive compensation and benefits to our employees. In addition to salary and bonus programs, we also offer: ● Comprehensive medical, dental and vision insurance; ● 401(k) matching; ● Stock options, RSUs and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP; ● Vacation, holiday, sick time and paid time off for volunteering; ● Wellness programs; ● Flexible spending accounts for health and dependent day care needs; ● Family care benefits; ● Life, AD&D insurance and long-term disability insurance coverage options; and ● Employee Assistance Program, or EAP. We recognize achievements with salary increases, equity awards, promotions, and bonus opportunities. Pay Equity We are committed to paying our employees fairly, regardless of their gender, ethnicity, race, age or other personal characteristics. To ensure we are achieving our commitment, we benchmark and evaluate pay based on market data and consider factors such as an employee’s role and experience, an employee’s performance and internal equity. We also regularly review our compensation practices, in terms of our overall workforce and individual employees, to ensure our pay is fair and equitable. Our 2025 pay equity analysis confirmed that compensation for employees performing the same or similar work shows no statistically significant differences based on gender, ethnicity, race or age. A Culture of Inclusion At Ionis, prejudicial barriers to human potential and productivity are foreign to our values. We recognize that for the full potential of our workforce to be realized, we must cultivate an inclusive culture where all employees feel empowered to contribute fully in an environment that values different perspectives, leading to better ​​​​​​​ideas and increased innovation. We have several employee-led resource groups dedicated to supporting engagement and empowerment and a diverse management team and board of directors. From our Executive Leadership Team to our newest hire, we strive for an environment where our employees feel a strong sense of belonging in our organization. Training and Development We designed our training and development programs to help employees gain important Ionis knowledge and develop the skills to be successful at Ionis. All of our trainings from new hire through senior leader, are focused on the Ionis culture and core principles and learning what we mean when we say: “Working the Ionis Way.” We empower our employees to build rewarding careers at Ionis, driven by a culture of having a bias to act that encourages personal and professional employee growth. Ionis offers robust training opportunities with course offerings and events available to every employee regardless of level or function. In addition, employees also have access to Ionis’ learning and development library that houses important information on career growth and planning. By supporting our employees, we know that each professional development milestone enables our continued success. 39

--- VENDORS ---
vendors, we may achieve even greater efficiency and further cost reductions. Our manufacturing facility is located in a 26,800 square foot building in Carlsbad, California. We purchased this building in 2017. In addition, we have a 25,800 square foot building that houses support functions for our

--- MANUFACTURING ---
contract manufacturers and other third-party agents, although we may be liable for their actions. Competition Our Business in General Some of our medicines may compete with existing therapies for market share and some of our medicines in development may compete for patients in clinical trials. In addition, there are a number of companies pursuing the development of genetic medicines and the development of pharmaceuticals utilizing these technologies. These companies include biopharmaceutical companies and large pharmaceutical companies acting either independently or together. Our medicines are differentiated from traditional small molecule medicines by their chemistry, how they move in the body, how they act in the body, delivery technology, and formulations. Our commercial medicines and our medicines in development address numerous markets. The diseases our medicines target for which we have or may receive marketing authorization will determine our competition. For some of our medicines, an important factor may be the timing of market introduction of competitive products. Accordingly, the relative speed with which we can develop medicines, complete the clinical trials and marketing authorization processes and supply commercial quantities of the medicines to the market are important competitive factors. We expect to compete with products approved for sale based on a variety of factors, including, among other things, product efficacy, safety, mechanism of action, dosing administration, marketing and sales strategy and tactics, availability, price, and reimbursement. Below we have included what we believe to be medicines that compete or may compete directly with our marketed medicines and late-stage medicines. We included competitors and potential competitors that are past Phase 1 development. 32 Marketed Medicines TRYNGOLZA/Olezarsen and WAYLIVRA We believe that the following medicines could compete with TRYNGOLZA/olezarsen and WAYLIVRA in FCS and sHTG: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Redemplo

      (Plozasiran) Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Targets APOCIII by utilizing Targeted RNAi Molecule Platform Approved in U.S. for FCS,

      under review in the EU for FCS, Phase 3 sHTG Subcutaneous Injection Pegozafermin Roche FGF21 analog Phase 3 sHTG Subcutaneous Injection NST-1024 NorthSea Therapeutics CETP Inhibitor Phase 2 sHTG Oral Solbinsiran Eli Lilly ANGPTL3 inhibitor; siRNA Phase 2 sHTG Subcutaneous Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. DAWNZERA We believe that the following medicines could compete with DAWNZERA as a prophylactic treatment for patients with HAE: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Takhzyro (lanadelumab-flyo) Takeda A monoclonal antibody that inhibits plasma kallikrein activity Approved for HAE patients two years and older Subcutaneous Injection Cinryze (C1 esterase inhibitor) Takeda A human plasma protein that mediates inflammation and coagulation Approved for HAE patients six years and older Intravenous Infusion Orladeyo

      (berotralstat) BioCryst Oral plasma kallikrein inhibitor Approved for HAE patients 12 years and older Oral Andembry (Garadacimab) CSL Behring An anti-factor XIIa monoclonal antibody Approved for HAE patients 12 years and older Subcutaneous Injection Haegarda (C1 esterase inhibitor) CSL Behring C1 esterase inhibitor Approved for HAE patients 6 years and older Subcutaneous Injection Deucrictibant Pharvaris An oral B2-receptor antagonist Phase 3 Oral Lonvoguranziclumeran (lonvo-z) (NTLA-2002) Intellia CRISPR therapeutic candidate designed to inactivate the kallikrein B1 gene Phase 3 Intravenous Infusion STAR-0215 (Navenibart) Astria/BioCryst A monoclonal antibody inhibitor of plasma kallikrein Phase3 Subcutaneous Injection ADX-324 ADARx An siRNA designed to reduce the product of PKK Phase 3 Subcutaneous Injection BW-20805 Argo An siRNA designed to reduce the product of PKK Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. 33 WAINUA/Eplontersen and TEGSEDI We consider the following medicines as competitors and potential future competitors to WAINUA/eplontersen and TEGSEDI for ATTRv-PN and/or ATTR-CM: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Onpattro

      (Patisiran) Alnylam An RNAi medicine formulated with lipid nanoparticles to inhibit TTR mRNA Approved in U.S., EU, Japan and select other markets for ATTRv-PN Intravenous Infusion Vyndaqel/Vyndamax

      (Tafamidis and tafamidis meglumine) Pfizer A small molecule medicine to stabilize TTR protein Approved in EU, Japan and select other markets for ATTRv-PN (not approved in the U.S.); ATTR-CM approved in the U.S., EU and other geographies Oral Amvuttra

      (Vutrisiran) Alnylam An RNAi medicine conjugated with GalNAc to inhibit TTR mRNA Approved for ATTRv-PN and ATTR-CM in the U.S., EU and Japan Subcutaneous Injection Attruby (Acoramidis) BridgeBio Small molecule that binds and stabilizes TTR in the blood Approved in U.S., EU and Japan for ATTR-CM Oral NTLA-2001 (Nexiguran Ziclumeran (nex-z)) Intellia/ Regeneron CRISPR therapeutic candidate designed to reduce circulating TTR protein levels Phase 3 ATTR-CM,

      Phase 3 ATTRv-PN Intravenous Infusion Cliramitug (ALXN2220) AstraZeneca A monoclonal IgG1 which acts by depleting TTR protein Phase 3 ATTR-CM Intravenous Infusion Coramitug (NNC6019-0001) Novo Nordisk A monoclonal antibody to deplete amyloid Phase 3 ATTR-CM Intravenous Infusion Nucresiran Alnylam Third generation RNAi TTR therapy Phase 3 ATTR-CM Subcutaneous Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. SPINRAZA We consider the following medicines as competitors to SPINRAZA for the indication of SMA: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Zolgensma

      (Onasemnogene abeparvovec) Novartis Gene therapy targeting the genetic root cause of SMA by replacing the missing or nonworking SMN1 gene Approved for pediatric SMA patients less than 2 years of age Intravenous Infusion Evrysdi

      (Risdiplam) Roche A small molecule medicine that modulates splicing of the SMN2 gene Approved for SMA in pediatric and adult patients Oral Itvisma
      (Onasemnogene abeparvovec) Novartis Gene therapy targeting the genetic root cause of SMA by replacing the missing or nonworking SMN1 gene Approved for SMA in pediatric and adult patients Intrathecal Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. 34 QALSODY We believe that the following medicine could compete with QALSODY in SOD1-ALS: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) AP-101 Neurimmune (AL-S Pharma) / Lilly A human derived antibody targeting misfolded SOD1 Phase 2 Intravenous Infusion (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. Late-Stage Ionis-Owned Programs Zilganersen We are not aware of any medicines in clinical development for AxD other than zilganersen. Obudanersen We believe that the following medicines could compete with obudanersen in Angelman syndrome: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Apazunersen (GTX-102) Ultragenyx An ASO designed to inhibit expression of UBE3A-ATS Phase 3 Intrathecal Rugonersen Oak Hill Bio / Roche A locked nucleic acid that targets UBE3A gene Phase 3 Intrathecal Alogabat Roche A small molecule that is GABA A alpha 5 receptor modulator Phase 2 Oral NNZ-2591 Neuren A small molecule, cGP analog, that targets IGF-1 Phase 2 Oral MVX-220 MavriX Bio Hu68AAV gene therapy designed to deliver the human UBE3A gene to neurons Phase 1/2 Intra Cisterna Magna Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. 35 Late-Stage Partnered Programs Bepirovirsen We believe that the following medicines could compete with bepirovirsen in HBV: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Elebsiran

      (VIR-2218) Vir Biotech / Alnylam RNAi therapeutic to reduce HBV viral antigens Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection Imdusiran

      (AB-729) Arbutus Biopharma RNAi therapeutic to reduce HBV viral antigens Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection Tobevibart

      (VIR-3434) Vir Biotech Monoclonal antibody neutralizing hepatitis B virus Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection Selgantolimod Gilead Sciences Toll-like receptor 8 agonist Phase 2 Oral REP 2139-Mg Replicor Inc. Nucleic acid polymer that blocks the assembly of subviral particles (SVPs) in hepatocytes Phase 2 Intravenous Infusion / Subcutaneous Injection VTP-300 Barinthus Bio Antigen-specific immunotherapy Phase 2 Intramuscular Injection BRII-179 Brii Biosciences Recombinant protein-based immunotherapy Phase 2 Intramuscular Injection Pevifoscorvir sodium (ALG-000184) Aligos Capsid assembly modulator (CAM-E) Phase 2 Oral AHB-137 AusperBio Antisense oligonucleotide targeting HBV RNA Phase 3 (China) Subcutaneous Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. Pelacarsen We believe that the following medicines could compete with pelacarsen in CVD in patients with elevated Lp(a): Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Olpasiran Amgen/ Arrowhead RNAi therapeutic designed to lower Lp(a) Phase 3 Subcutaneous Injection Lepodisiran Eli Lilly RNAi therapeutic designed to lower Lp(a) Phase 3 Subcutaneous Injection Muvalaplin Eli Lilly Small molecule therapy to lower Lp(a) Phase 3 Oral DII235 Argo Biopharmaceutical RNAi therapeutic designed to lower Lp(a) Phase 3 ready Subcutaneous Injection Zerlasiran Silence RNAi therapeutic designed to lower Lp(a) Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection Obicetrapib NewAmsterdam Pharma CETP inhibitor Phase 2 Oral (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. 36 Sefaxersen We believe that the following medicines could compete with sefaxersen in IgAN: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Tarpeyo (budesonide) Asahi Kasei (Calliditas) A corticosteroid indicated to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN Approved to slow kidney-function decline in adults with IgAN Oral Filspari (Sparsentan) Travere An endothelin & angiotensin II receptor antagonist to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN Approved to slow kidney-function decline in adults with IgAN Oral Fabhalta

      (Iptacopan) Novartis (Chinook) A factor B inhibitor of the alternative complement pathway Approved to reduce proteinuria in adults with IgAN Oral Vanrafia (Atrasentan) Novartis (Chinook) An endothelin A receptor antagonist Approved to reduce proteinuria in adults with IgAN Oral Voyxact (Sibeprenlimab) Otsuka (Visterra) A humanized IgG2 monoclonal antibody that inhibits APRIL Approved to reduce proteinuria in adults with IgAN Subcutaneous Injection Zigakibart Novartis (Chinook) An anti-APRIL monoclonal antibody Phase 3 (IgAN) Subcutaneous Injection Atacicept Vera A recombinant fusion protein a dual inhibitor of BLyS and APRIL Phase 3 (IgAN) Subcutaneous Injection Ravulizumab Alexion (AstraZeneca) A humanized monoclonal antibody to complement factor 5 Phase 3 (IgAN) Subcutaneous Injection Povetacicept Vertex (Alpine) A dual BAFF and APRIL inhibitor Phase 3 (IgAN) Intravenous Infusion / Subcutaneous Injection Telitacicept RemeGen A dual BAFF and APRIL inhibitor Phase 3 (IgAN) Subcutaneous Injection Felzartamab Biogen (Hi-Bio) A monoclonal antibody directed against CD38 Phase 3 (IgAN) Intravenous Infusion Mezagitamab Takeda anti-CD38 IgG1 monoclonal antibody Phase 3 Subcutaneous Injection WAL0921 Walden Biosciences uPAR antagonist monoclonal antibody Phase 2 Intravenous Infusion (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. Ulefnersen We are not aware of any medicines in clinical development for FUS-ALS other than ulefnersen. Corporate Responsibility Initiatives We believe operating responsibly and sustainably creates long-term value for our company and our stakeholders. We recognize the importance of Corporate Responsibility, or CR, and Environmental, Social and Governance, or ESG, initiatives as it relates to our business strategy and risk assessment. We continue to evolve our CR program and established three strategic CR pillars and associated goals to guide our approach and provide a framework for reporting on our performance. We began reporting on CR metrics in 2021 and have continued to expand disclosure since then. In 2025, we reported progress on our CR goals aligned to the three strategic CR pillars that we believe are most important to our business: 37 Ionis Corporate Responsibility Strategic Pillars Innovate to improve the lives

      of people with serious diseases Empowering our

      employees and communities Operating

      responsibly and sustainably We innovate across the business and work tirelessly to discover, develop and deliver important new medicines for people with serious diseases. We are committed to fostering an inclusive culture that drives excellence, embraces diversity, and supports our communities. We operate with integrity to help create a better, more sustainable future for all through environmental stewardship and responsible business practices and stakeholder interactions. ● Innovation and R&D ● Access and Affordability ● Patient Advocacy and Engagement ● Workplace Culture, Talent Attraction and Development ● Inclusion and Belonging ● Social Impact and Community Engagement ● Environmental Sustainability ● Governance and Integrity ● Data Privacy and Cybersecurity Our CR initiatives are driven by our Chief Executive Officer and executive-level CR Steering Committee, or CR Committee. The CR Committee consists of senior leaders in key functions across the company, including legal, finance, investor relations, human resources, research and development, manufacturing, commercial, compliance and corporate affairs. The CR Committee is part of our governance framework, which defines responsibilities and ensures we have the right systems and controls to oversee ethical and sustainable operations across our business. Our Board of Directors, specifically the Nominating, Governance and Review Committee, has oversight of our overall CR strategy and material CR risks and opportunities as outlined in the Committee’s charter. The Board receives updates related to corporate governance and corporate responsibility from the CR Committee at least once annually. We look to our stakeholders and third-party frameworks such as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Health Care – Biotechnology and Pharmaceuticals Standard and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures to inform our approach and our disclosures. We continue to share progress on our CR goals and more details on our initiatives in our 2025 CR Report, which we expect to publish in April 2026 and will be available on our website. Nothing in the report or on our website shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Employees and Human Capital As of February 19, 2026, we employed 1,402 people, the vast majority of whom reside in the U.S. A significant number of our management and professional employees have had prior experience with pharmaceutical, biotechnology or medical product companies. Our average employee turnover rate in 2025 was 7 percent, while the turnover for life sciences and medical device companies over this period was 20 percent according to a survey published by Radford – an Aon Hewitt Company. Given the uniqueness and complexity of our technology, it is critical to retain the knowledge and experience of outstanding long service employees. The experience and seniority of our employees is as critical to our future success as it has been to the success we have enjoyed to date. Collective bargaining agreements do not cover any of our employees, and management considers relations with our employees to be good. We believe that the future will be defined by outstanding people and we are committed to recruiting, developing, motivating, and rewarding them. We encourage you to visit our website for more detailed information regarding our Human Capital programs and initiatives. Nothing on our website shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 38 Benefits We reward our employees individually on the basis of their responsibilities and accomplishments. We offer competitive compensation and benefits to our employees. In addition to salary and bonus programs, we also offer: ● Comprehensive medical, dental and vision insurance; ● 401(k) matching; ● Stock options, RSUs and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP; ● Vacation, holiday, sick time and paid time off for volunteering; ● Wellness programs; ● Flexible spending accounts for health and dependent day care needs; ● Family care benefits; ● Life, AD&D insurance and long-term disability insurance coverage options; and ● Employee Assistance Program, or EAP. We recognize achievements with salary increases, equity awards, promotions, and bonus opportunities. Pay Equity We are committed to paying our employees fairly, regardless of their gender, ethnicity, race, age or other personal characteristics. To ensure we are achieving our commitment, we benchmark and evaluate pay based on market data and consider factors such as an employee’s role and experience, an employee’s performance and internal equity. We also regularly review our compensation practices, in terms of our overall workforce and individual employees, to ensure our pay is fair and equitable. Our 2025 pay equity analysis confirmed that compensation for employees performing the same or similar work shows no statistically significant differences based on gender, ethnicity, race or age. A Culture of Inclusion At Ionis, prejudicial barriers to human potential and productivity are foreign to our values. We recognize that for the full potential of our workforce to be realized, we must cultivate an inclusive culture where all employees feel empowered to contribute fully in an environment that values different perspectives, leading to better ​​​​​​​ideas and increased innovation. We have several employee-led resource groups dedicated to supporting engagement and empowerment and a diverse management team and board of directors. From our Executive Leadership Team to our newest hire, we strive for an environment where our employees feel a strong sense of belonging in our organization. Training and Development We designed our training and development programs to help employees gain important Ionis knowledge and develop the skills to be successful at Ionis. All of our trainings from new hire through senior leader, are focused on the Ionis culture and core principles and learning what we mean when we say: “Working the Ionis Way.” We empower our employees to build rewarding careers at Ionis, driven by a culture of having a bias to act that encourages personal and professional employee growth. Ionis offers robust training opportunities with course offerings and events available to every employee regardless of level or function. In addition, employees also have access to Ionis’ learning and development library that houses important information on career growth and planning. By supporting our employees, we know that each professional development milestone enables our continued success. 39

--- RAW_MATERIALS ---
raw materials through improved yields and process efficiencies, while at the same time increasing our capacity to make our medicines. Through both our internal research and development programs and collaborations with outside vendors, we may achieve even greater efficiency and further cost reductions. Our manufacturing facility is located in a 26,800 square foot building in Carlsbad, California. We purchased this building in 2017. In addition, we have a 25,800 square foot building that houses support functions for our manufacturing activities. We lease this facility under a lease that has a term ending in October 2031. Our manufacturing facility is subject to periodic inspections by the FDA and foreign equivalents to ensure that it is operating in compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, or cGMP, requirements. As part of our collaborations, we may agree to manufacture clinical trial material and/or commercial drug supply for our partners. For example, in the past we have manufactured clinical trial material for AstraZeneca, Biogen, GSK, Roche, and Novartis and commercial drug supply for Biogen. We believe we have sufficient manufacturing capacity at our own facility or at contract manufacturing organizations, or CMOs, to meet our current internal research, development and potential commercial needs, as well as our obligations under existing agreements with our partners for research, development and commercial material. We and/or our CMOs manufacture process performance qualification batches and pre-approval inspection batches of our Phase 3 medicines that may be used for regulatory submissions and, pending regulatory approval, commercial sale. We believe our current network of CMOs are capable of providing sufficient quantities to meet anticipated commercial demands. Additionally, we continue to evaluate relationships with additional suppliers to increase overall capacity and diversify our supply chain. We plan to leverage our relationships with CMOs to maintain long-term supply at competitive prices in the future. While we believe that there are alternate sources of supply that can satisfy our commercial requirements, it is possible that identifying and establishing relationships with such sources, if necessary, could result in significant delay or material additional costs. We also could experience a disruption in supply from our current CMOs. CMOs are subject to the FDA’s cGMP requirements and other rules and regulations prescribed by foreign regulatory authorities. We depend on our CMOs for continued compliance with cGMP requirements and applicable foreign standards. Specifically, we have the following in place for our commercial medicines and our late-stage medicines. TRYNGOLZA/Olezarsen For TRYNGOLZA’s commercial drug supply, we are using CMOs to produce API and finished goods for ourselves and Sobi.  For the ongoing olezarsen clinical studies, we and/or our CMOs have supplied the API and the finished drug product. We intend to leverage our relationships with CMOs to meet and maintain long-term commercial supply at competitive prices in the future. We plan to accomplish this through a combination of maintaining adequate levels of safety stock and increasing the batch sizes to support approved indications. DAWNZERA For DAWNZERA’s commercial drug supply, we are using CMOs to produce API and finished goods for ourselves and Otsuka. We intend to leverage our relationships with CMOs to meet and maintain long-term commercial supply at competitive prices in the future. We plan to accomplish this through maintaining adequate levels of safety stock. WAINUA/Eplontersen AstraZeneca is responsible for WAINUA's commercial drug supply. Our CMOs supplied the API and the finished drug product for WAINUA’s Phase 3 program. Pursuant to our collaboration with AstraZeneca, we will supply WAINUA using CMOs for the ongoing clinical trials. 18 SPINRAZA Biogen is responsible for SPINRAZA drug supply. QALSODY Biogen is responsible for QALSODY drug supply. TEGSEDI and WAYLIVRA For TEGSEDI’s commercial drug supply, we are using CMOs to produce API and finished goods for  Sobi and PTC. For WAYLIVRA’s commercial drug supply, we are using API that we have manufactured and CMOs to produce the finished goods. Zilganersen We and our CMOs have supplied the API and the finished drug product for zilganersen clinical supply. We intend to use the same supply chain for future commercial drug supply. Ulefnersen We and our CMOs have supplied the API and the finished drug product for ulefnersen that we believe will be sufficient through the completion of the Phase 3 programs. Our partner, Otsuka, will be responsible for future commercial drug supply. Obudanersen We supplied API and drug product for the obudanersen Phase 1 and Phase 2 programs and intend to continue to supply drug for the ongoing Phase 3 program and any further clinical programs. Pelacarsen We supplied API and finished drug product for pelacarsen’s Phase 3 program. Pursuant to our collaboration with Novartis, Novartis is responsible for any further pelacarsen drug supply. Bepirovirsen We supplied API for bepirovirsen’s Phase 1 and Phase 2 programs. Pursuant to our collaboration with GSK, GSK is responsible for any further bepirovirsen drug supply. Sefaxersen (IONIS-FB-L Rx ) We supplied API for the sefaxersen Phase 1 and Phase 2 IgAN programs. Pursuant to our collaboration with Roche, Roche is responsible for any further drug supply for sefaxersen. Commercial Operations We have established sales and marketing capabilities to support our commercial launches of TRYNGOLZA, DAWNZERA and WAINUA in the U.S. We began with our co-commercialization partnership with AstraZeneca for WAINUA in which we combine our experience in RNA-targeted therapeutics and deep knowledge of the TTR amyloidosis market with AstraZeneca's global scale in drug development and commercialization to enable market penetration for the benefit of patients. We entered a new chapter as a fully integrated commercial-stage biotechnology company with our first independent commercial launch of TRYNGOLZA in December 2024 . We have continued refining our portfolio strategy and recruiting experienced professionals with relevant backgrounds in sales, marketing, patient education, market access, portfolio planning and market insight, new product commercial strategy and commercial operations in the pharmaceutical industry. We are focused on developing a unique and innovative approach to bring our medicines to patients living with serious diseases. We have built core capabilities and a commercial platform with the ability to scale as needed to meet our current and future commercialization needs. In addition, we established our TRYNGOLZA, DAWNZERA and olezarsen (sHTG) field sales team  and plan to build additional field teams as we approach each of our launches. 19 Medical Affairs We have built medical affairs capabilities to disseminate information about our medicines and increase disease awareness through various channels of communication with key stakeholders. Our medical affairs function is responsible for funding and coordinating investigator-sponsored trials, communicating scientific and clinical information to healthcare providers, medical professionals and patients, and managing publications. Intellectual Proprietary Rights We rely on patents, trademarks, trade secrets, and proprietary know-how to develop and maintain a competitive position in RNA-targeted therapeutics generally and to protect our investment in specific products. To this end, we focus our resources on intellectual property, or IP, that drives value for our company. Product-Specific IP Each of our medicines is protected worldwide by product-specific patents claiming oligonucleotides having the nucleobase sequences and chemical modifications of our medicines; and methods of achieving cellular or clinical endpoints using such oligonucleotides. We pursue such patents in significant markets and/or countries for each medicine in development. We also seek to maximize patent term. In some cases, the patent term can be extended to recapture a portion of the term lost during regulatory review. Expiration dates listed below do not reflect any such extensions. Commercial products are also protected by trademarks filed throughout the world. Marketed Products TRYNGOLZA/Olezarsen and ApoC-III We believe TRYNGOLZA (olezarsen) is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2034. Patent applications to protect TRYNGOLZA in other  jurisdictions have been granted or are being pursued. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting TRYNGOLZA in the U.S. and Europe. Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 9,163,239 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III EXPRESSION 2034 Composition of TRYNGOLZA United States 9,593,333 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III (APOCIII) EXPRESSION IN LIPOPROTEIN LIPASE DEFICIENT (LPLD) POPULATIONS 2034 Methods of treating lipoprotein lipase deficiency with an apo-CIII specific inhibitor wherein triglyceride levels are reduced United States 9,157,082 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN CIII (APOCIII) EXPRESSION 2032 Methods of using apo-CIII antisense compounds for reducing pancreatitis and chylomicronemia and increasing HDL United States 12,509,684 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III EXPRESSION 2034 Methods of treating FCS or hypertriglyceridemia by administering TRYNGOLZA Europe 2991656 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III EXPRESSION 2034 Composition of TRYNGOLZA Europe 2956176 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III (APOCIII) EXPRESSION IN LIPOPROTEIN LIPASE DEFICIENT (LPLD) POPULATIONS 2034 Methods of treating lipoprotein lipase deficiency with an apo-CIII specific inhibitor wherein triglyceride levels are reduced Europe 3357497 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN CIII (APOCIII) EXPRESSION 2032 Methods of using apo-CIII antisense compounds for reducing pancreatitis and chylomicronemia and increasing HDL Europe 4119569 CONJUGATED ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS FOR USE IN THERAPY 2036 Methods of administering TRYNGOLZA at identified doses 20 Trademark The name “TRYNGOLZA” is protected by trademarks throughout the world. DAWNZERA and PKK We believe DAWNZERA is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2035. Patent applications to protect DAWNZERA in other  jurisdictions have been granted or are being pursued. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting DAWNZERA in the U.S. and Europe. Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 9,315,811 METHODS FOR MODULATING KALLIKREIN (KLKB1) EXPRESSION 2032 Methods of treating HAE Europe 2717923 METHODS FOR MODULATING KALLIKREIN (KLKB1) EXPRESSION 2032 Compounds for use in treating an inflammatory condition, including HAE United States 10,294,477 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING PKK EXPRESSION 2035 Composition of DAWNZERA Europe 3137091 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING PKK EXPRESSION 2035 Composition of DAWNZERA Trademark The name "DAWNZERA" is protected by trademarks throughout the world. WAINUA/WAINZUA/Eplontersen and Transthyretin Patents We believe WAINUA/WAINZUA (eplontersen) is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2034. Patent applications to protect WAINUA/WAINZUA in other jurisdictions are being pursued. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting WAINUA/WAINZUA in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 10,683,499 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING TTR EXPRESSION 2034 Composition of WAINUA Europe 3524680 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING TTR EXPRESSION 2034 Composition of WAINUA Trademarks The names “WAINUA” and “WAINZUA” are protected by trademarks owned by our commercial partner Astra Zeneca. 21 SPINRAZA and Survival Motor Neuron 2 Patents We believe SPINRAZA (nusinersen) is protected from generic competition in the U.S. until at least 2035 and in Europe until at least 2030 by a suite of patents. These issued patents include: (i) patents licensed from the University of Massachusetts drawn to antisense compounds having the sequence of SPINRAZA, independent of chemical modification, and uses of such compounds for treating SMA, (ii) joint patents with Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory claiming fully modified 2’-MOE compounds targeting SMN2, including the precise composition of matter of SPINRAZA and methods of using such compositions; and (iii) dosing and therapeutic methods of using such compounds and compositions. With Biogen’s license of SPINRAZA, we assigned our interest in these patents to Biogen. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting SPINRAZA in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims Europe 1910395 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING 2026 Sequence and chemistry (full 2’-MOE) of SPINRAZA Europe 3308788 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING 2026 Pharmaceutical compositions that include SPINRAZA United States 7,838,657 SPINAL MUSCULAR ATROPHY (SMA) TREATMENT VIA TARGETING OF SMN2 SPLICE SITE INHIBITORY SEQUENCES 2027 Oligonucleotides having sequence of SPINRAZA United States 8,361,977 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING 2030 Sequence and chemistry (full 2’-MOE) of SPINRAZA United States 8,980,853 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING IN A SUBJECT 2030 Methods of administering SPINRAZA United States 9,717,750 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING IN A SUBJECT 2030 Methods of administering SPINRAZA to a patient Europe 3449926 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING IN A SUBJECT 2030 Pharmaceutical compositions that include SPINRAZA for treating SMA Europe 3305302 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING IN A SUBJECT 2030 Antisense compounds including SPINRAZA for treating SMA United States 9,926,559 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATION OF SMN2 SPLICING IN A SUBJECT 2034 SPINRAZA doses for treating SMA United States 10,436,802 METHODS FOR TREATING SPINAL MUSCULAR ATROPHY 2035 SPINRAZA dosing regimen for treating SMA Trademarks The name “SPINRAZA” is protected throughout the world by trademarks owned by our commercial partner Biogen. 22 QALSODY and SOD-1 Patents We believe QALSODY is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2035. Patent applications to protect QALSODY in other jurisdictions have been granted or are being pursued. With Biogen’s license of QALSODY, we assigned our interest in these patents to Biogen. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting QALSODY in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 10,385,341 COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING SOD-1 EXPRESSION 2035 Composition of QALSODY United States 10,669,546 COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING SOD-1 EXPRESSION 2035 Methods of treating a SOD-1 associated neurodegenerative disorder by administering QALSODY United States 10,968,453 COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING SOD-1 EXPRESSION 2035 Methods of treating a SOD-1 associated neurodegenerative disorder by administering a pharmaceutical composition of QALSODY Europe 3126499 COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING SOD-1 EXPRESSION 2035 Composition of QALSODY Trademarks The name “QALSODY” is protected throughout the world by trademarks owned by our commercial partner Biogen. TEGSEDI and Transthyretin Patents We believe TEGSEDI (inotersen) is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2031. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting TEGSEDI in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 8,697,860 DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT OF DISEASE 2031 Composition of TEGSEDI United States 9,061,044 MODULATION OF TRANSTHYRETIN EXPRESSION 2031 Sodium salt composition of TEGSEDI United States 9,399,774 MODULATION OF TRANSTHYRETIN EXPRESSION 2031 Methods of treating transthyretin amyloidosis by administering TEGSEDI Europe 2563920 MODULATION OF TRANSTHYRETIN EXPRESSION 2031 Composition of TEGSEDI Trademarks The name “TEGSEDI” is protected by trademark throughout the world. 23 WAYLIVRA and ApoC-III Patents We believe WAYLIVRA (volanesorsen) is protected from generic competition in Europe until at least 2034. We have obtained patent claims in the U.S. and Europe drawn to the use of antisense compounds complementary to a broad active region of human ApoC-III, including the site targeted by WAYLIVRA. We have also obtained issued patents claiming the specific sequence and chemical composition of WAYLIVRA in the U.S. and Europe. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting WAYLIVRA in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 9,157,082 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III (APOCIII) EXPRESSION 2032 Methods of using apo-CIII antisense compounds for reducing pancreatitis and chylomicronemia and increasing HDL United States 9,593,333 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III (APOCIII) EXPRESSION IN LIPOPROTEIN LIPASE DEFICIENT (LPLD) POPULATIONS 2034 Methods of treating lipoprotein lipase deficiency with an apo-CIII specific inhibitor wherein triglyceride levels are reduced Europe 2956176 MODULATION OF APOLIPOPROTEIN C-III (APOCIII) EXPRESSION IN LIPOPROTEIN LIPASE DEFICIENT (LPLD) POPULATIONS 2034 Apo-CIII specific inhibitors including WAYLIVRA for treating lipoprotein lipase deficiency or FCS Trademark The name “WAYLIVRA” is protected by trademark in Europe. Late-Stage Ionis-Owned Programs Zilganersen and GFAP We believe zilganersen is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2041. The table below lists key issued patents protecting zilganersen in the U.S. and  Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 11,786,546 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING GFAP 2041 Composition of zilganersen Europe 3956450 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING GFAP 2040 Composition of zilganersen Obudanersen and UBE3A We believe obudanersen is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2040. P atent applications  to protect obudanersen in other jurisdictions have been granted or are being pursued. The table below lists key issued patents protecting obudanersen in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 11,261,446 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING UBE3A-ATS 2040 Composition of obudanersen Europe 3947684 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING UBE3A-ATS 2040 Composition of obudanersen United States 9,617,539 MODULATION OF UBE3A-ATS EXPRESSION 2033 Methods of treating Angelman syndrome with an antisense compound targeting a region of UBE3A-ATS Europe 3770258 MODULATION OF UBE3A-ATS EXPRESSION 2033 Oligonucleotides complementary to a region of UBE3A-ATS for use in treating Angelman syndrome 24 Late-Stage Partnered Programs Bepirovirsen and Hepatitis B Virus We believe bepirovirsen is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2032. Patent applications to protect bepirovirsen in other jurisdictions have been granted for are being pursued. With GSK’s license of bepirovirsen, we assigned our interest in these patents to GSK. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting bepirovirsen in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 8,642,752 MODULATION OF HEPATITIS B VIRUS (HBV) EXPRESSION 2032 Composition of bepirovirsen Europe 3505528 MODULATION OF HEPATITIS B VIRUS (HBV) EXPRESSION 2032 Composition of bepirovirsen Pelacarsen and Apo(a) We believe pelacarsen is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2034. Patent applications to protect pelacarsen in other jurisdictions have been granted or are being pursued. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting pelacarsen in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 9,574,193 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (A) EXPRESSION 2033 Methods of lowering Apo(a) and/or Lp(a) levels with an oligonucleotide complementary within the nucleotide region of Apo(a) targeted by pelacarsen United States 10,478,448 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (A) EXPRESSION 2033 Methods of treating hyperlipidemia with an oligonucleotide complementary within the nucleotide region of Apo(a) targeted by pelacarsen United States 9,884,072 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (A) EXPRESSION 2033 Oligonucleotides complementary within the nucleotide region of Apo(a) targeted by pelacarsen Europe 2855500 METHODS AND COMPOSITIONS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (A) EXPRESSION 2033 Oligonucleotides complementary within the nucleotide region of Apo(a) targeted by pelacarsen for decreasing Apo(a) expression United States 9,181,550 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (a) EXPRESSION 2034 Composition of pelacarsen United States 12,291,709 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (a) EXPRESSION 2034 Methods of administering pelacarsen Europe 2992009 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING APOLIPOPROTEIN (a) EXPRESSION 2034 Composition of pelacarsen 25 Sefaxersen and Factor B We believe sefaxersen is protected from generic competition in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2035. Patent applications to protect sefaxersen in other  jurisdictions are being pursued. The table below lists some key issued patents protecting sefaxersen in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims Europe 3043827 MODULATORS OF COMPLEMENT FACTOR B 2034 Compound comprising the antisense oligonucleotide portion of sefaxersen United States 10,280,423 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING COMPLEMENT FACTOR B EXPRESSION 2035 Composition of sefaxersen Europe 3137596 COMPOSITIONS AND METHODS FOR MODULATING COMPLEMENT FACTOR B EXPRESSION 2035 Composition of sefaxersen Ulefnersen and FUS We believe ulefnersen will be protected from generic competition  in the U.S. and Europe until at least 2040. The table below lists a key pending patent application designed to protect ulefnersen in the U.S. and a key issued patent protecting ulefnersen in Europe: Jurisdiction Patent Application No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 17/613,183 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR REDUCING FUS EXPRESSION 2040 Composition of ulefnersen Europe 3976791 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR REDUCING FUS EXPRESSION 2040 Composition of ulefnersen Platform IP In addition to the IP that provides exclusivity for specific products, we also pursue IP that provides exclusivity for our core technology  more generally. Our core technology patents include claims to chemically modified oligonucleotides as well as designs utilizing these chemical modifications. Because these core claims are independent of specific therapeutic target, nucleic acid sequence, or clinical indication, they may reach several products. 26 Chemically Modified Nucleosides and Oligonucleotides The most broadly applicable of our patents are those that claim modified nucleosides and oligonucleotides comprising the modified nucleosides that we incorporate into our medicines to increase their therapeutic efficacy. The following are some of our patents in this category in the U.S. and Europe: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 7,399,845 6-MODIFIED BICYCLIC NUCLEIC ACID ANALOGS 2027 cEt nucleosides and oligonucleotides containing these nucleoside analogs United States 7,741,457 6-MODIFIED BICYCLIC NUCLEIC ACID ANALOGS 2027 cEt nucleosides and oligonucleotides containing these nucleoside analogs United States 8,022,193 6-MODIFIED BICYCLIC NUCLEIC ACID ANALOGS 2027 Oligonucleotides containing cEt nucleoside analogs Europe 1984381 6-MODIFIED BICYCLIC NUCLEIC ACID ANALOGS 2027 cEt nucleosides and oligonucleotides containing these nucleoside analogs Europe 2314594 6-MODIFIED BICYCLIC NUCLEIC ACID ANALOGS 2027 Oligonucleotides containing cEt nucleoside analogs and methods of use United States 7,569,686 COMPOUNDS AND METHODS FOR SYNTHESIS OF BICYCLIC NUCLEIC ACID ANALOGS 2027 Methods of synthesizing cEt nucleosides Europe 2092065 ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS 2027 Gapmer oligonucleotides having 2’-modifed and LNA nucleosides Europe 2410053 ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS 2027 Gapmer oligonucleotides having wings comprised of 2’-MOE and bicyclic nucleosides Europe 2410054 ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS 2027 Gapmer oligonucleotides having a 2’-modifed nucleoside in the 5’-wing and a bicyclic nucleoside in the 3’-wing United States 9,550,988 ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS 2028 Gapmer oligonucleotides having BNA nucleosides and 2’-MOE nucleosides United States 10,493,092 ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS 2028 Gapmer oligonucleotides having BNA nucleosides and 2’-MOE nucleosides and/or 2’-OMe nucleosides Europe 3067421 OLIGOMERIC COMPOUNDS COMPRISING BICYCLIC NUCLEOTIDES AND USES THEREOF 2032 Gapmer oligonucleotides having at least one bicyclic, one 2’-modified nucleoside and one 2’-deoxynucleoside United States 11,629,348 LINKAGE MODIFIED OLIGONUCLEOTIDES AND USES THEREOF 2040 Gapmer oligonucleotides having 2-4 mesyl phosphoramidate internucleoside linkages at specified positions in the gap 27 LIgand-Conjugated Antisense (LICA) Technology We also have patent claims to chemistries created to enhance targeting of antisense medicines to specific tissues and cells to improve a drug’s properties. We designed our GalNAc LIgand-Conjugated Antisense, or LICA, medicines to provide an increase in potency for targets in the liver. We have successfully obtained issued patent claims covering our LICA technology conjugated to any modified oligonucleotide, including gapmers, double-stranded siRNA compounds, and fully modified oligonucleotides. The following patents are some examples of our issued patents in this category: Jurisdiction Patent No. Title Expiration Description of Claims United States 9,127,276 CONJUGATED ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS AND THEIR USE 2034 Preferred THA LICA conjugated to any group of nucleosides, including gapmers, double-stranded siRNA compounds, and fully modified oligonucleotides United States 9,181,549 CONJUGATED ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS AND THEIR USE 2034 Preferred THA conjugate having our preferred linker and cleavable moiety conjugated to any oligomeric compound or any nucleoside having a 2’-MOE modification or a cEt modification Europe 2991661 CONJUGATED ANTISENSE COMPOUNDS AND THEIR USE 2034 Preferred THA LICA conjugated to any group of nucleosides, including gapmers, double-stranded siRNA compounds, and fully modified oligonucleotides Manufacturing We also own patents claiming methods of manufacturing and purifying oligonucleotides and related compounds. These patents claim methods for improving oligonucleotide drug manufacturing, including processes for large-scale oligonucleotide synthesis and purification. Government Regulation Regulation by government authorities in the U.S. and other countries is a significant component in the development, manufacture and commercialization of pharmaceutical products and services. In addition to regulations enforced by the FDA and relevant foreign regulatory authorities, we are also subject to regulation under the Occupational Safety and Health Act, the Environmental Protection Act, the Toxic Substances Control Act, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act and other present and potential future federal, state and local regulations. Extensive regulation by the U.S. and foreign governmental authorities governs the development, manufacture and sale of our medicines. In particular, our medicines are subject to a number of approval requirements by the FDA in the U.S. under the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, and other laws and by comparable agencies in those foreign countries in which we conduct business. The FDCA and other various federal, state and foreign statutes govern or influence the research, testing, manufacture, safety, labeling, storage, recordkeeping, approval, promotion, marketing, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, sampling, quality, and import and export of our medicines. State, local, and other authorities also regulate pharmaceutical manufacturing facilities and procedures. Our manufacturing facility and our CMOs are subject to periodic inspection by the FDA and other foreign equivalents to ensure that they are operating in compliance with cGMP requirements. In addition, marketing authorization for each new medicine may require a rigorous manufacturing pre-approval inspection by regulatory authorities. Post approval, there are strict regulations regarding changes to the manufacturing process, and, depending on the significance of the change, changes may require prior FDA approval. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon us and any third-party manufacturers that we may decide to use. The FDA must approve any new medicine or new indication before a manufacturer can market it in the U.S. To obtain approval, we and our partners must complete clinical studies and prepare and submit an NDA or supplemental NDA to the FDA. When the FDA approves a medicine, it will issue an approval letter authorizing commercial marketing of the medicine and may require a risk evaluation and mitigation strategy, or REMS, to help ensure the benefits of the medicine outweigh the potential risks. The requirements for REMS can materially affect the potential market and profitability of our medicines. In foreign jurisdictions, the drug approval process is similarly demanding. 28 Pricing and Reimbursement For any approved medicine, domestic and foreign sales of the medicine depend, in part, on the availability and amount of coverage and adequate reimbursement by third-party payers, including governments and private health plans. The process for determining whether a payer will provide coverage for a product may be separate from the process for setting the reimbursement rate that the payer will pay for the product, or procedures that utilize such product. Private health plans may seek to manage cost and use of our medicines by implementing coverage and reimbursement limitations. For example, third-party payers may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, or formulary, which might not include all FDA-approved products for a particular indication. Moreover, a payer's decision to provide coverage for a medicine does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Additionally, coverage and reimbursement for drugs can differ significantly from payer to payer. One third-party payer's decision to cover a particular medicine does not ensure that other payers will also provide coverage for the medicine or will provide coverage at an adequate reimbursement rate. Third-party payers are increasingly challenging the price and examining the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of medicines and services, in addition to their safety and efficacy. To obtain coverage and reimbursement for any medicine that might be approved for sale, we may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of our medicine. These studies will be in addition to the studies required to obtain regulatory approvals. If third-party payers do not consider a medicine to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies, they may not cover the medicine after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient to sell such medicine at a profit. In certain jurisdictions, governments may also regulate or influence coverage, reimbursement and/or pricing of our medicines to control cost or affect use. In the European community, governments influence the price of drugs through their pricing and reimbursement rules and control of national health care systems that fund a large part of the cost of those medicines to consumers. Some jurisdictions operate positive and negative list systems under which medicines may only be marketed once a reimbursement price has been agreed to by the government. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical studies that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular drug candidate to currently available therapies. Other member states allow companies to fix their own prices for medicines but monitor and control company profits. The marketability of any medicine for which we receive regulatory approval for commercial sale may suffer if the government or third-party payers fail to provide adequate coverage and reimbursement. In addition, the focus on cost containment measures in the U.S. and other countries has increased and we expect will continue to increase the pressure on pharmaceutical pricing. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if we attain favorable coverage and reimbursement status for one or more medicines for which we receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Healthcare Reform Both the federal and state governments in the U.S. and foreign governments continue to propose and pass new legislation and regulations designed to contain or reduce the cost of healthcare. In the U.S., recent health reform measures have resulted in reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, and there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries, legislation and executive orders designed to, among other things, reduce drug prices, increase competition (including by enhancing support for generic and biosimilar drugs), lower out-of-pocket drug costs for patients, curtail spread pricing practices by pharmacy benefit managers, and foster scientific innovation to promote better health care and improved health. For example, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively the Affordable Care Act, substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers and continues to significantly impact the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. Since its enactment, there have been amendments and judicial, Congressional and executive branch challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act, as well as efforts to repeal or replace certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. We expect that additional U.S. federal healthcare reform measures will be adopted in the future, any of which could limit the amounts that the U.S. federal government will pay for healthcare products and services, which could result in reduced demand or revenue for our commercial medicines and our medicines in development. 29 There has also been heightened governmental scrutiny over the manner in which manufacturers set prices for their marketed products, which has resulted in efforts to bring more transparency to drug pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for medicines. For example, in August 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or the IRA, was signed into law, which includes key actions aimed at reducing the costs of prescription drugs and allows the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, to negotiate the price of certain single-source drugs covered under Medicare and establish a price cap on such drugs, known as the Maximum Fair Price. There are important exemptions to the Maximum Fair Price, including for medications that are orphan drug designated and approved for only one rare disease, and drugs with low Medicare spend as defined by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, or CMS. The IRA, among other things, (1) directed HHS to negotiate, through a negotiation program, the price of certain single-source drugs and biologics that have been on the market for at least seven years covered under Medicare, or the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program, and (2) imposed rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. Each year, up to 20 products will be selected by HHS for the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program. Products subject to the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program are expected to experience a significant reduction in reimbursement from the Medicare program on a per unit basis. The current U.S. Presidential administration is pursuing policies to reduce regulations and expenditures across government agencies, including at HHS, the FDA, CMS, and other related agencies, with a particular focus on most favored nation pricing equal to or lower than those paid in other developed nations. These actions, presently directed by executive orders or memoranda from the Office of Management and Budget, may propose additional policy changes that create uncertainty for our business. For example, in furtherance of the administration’s drug pricing initiatives, in December 2025, CMS issued proposed rules that, if finalized, would implement new mandatory and voluntary payment models to implement a most favored nation rebate model. These models are referred to as the GLOBE Model, GUARD Model and GENEROUS Model. At this time, it remains unclear whether the proposed models will be finalized and, if so, whether any changes will be made prior to their implementation. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare and other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payers.  Our future product sales may be subject to additional discounts from list price in the form of rebates and discounts provided to 340B covered entities. Changes to the 340B program or to Medicare or Medicaid programs at the federal or state level, including outcomes of ongoing litigation in our industry, may impact our product prices and rebate liability. Other Healthcare Laws In addition, the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical products is subject to the Drug Supply Chain Security Act, or DSCA, which regulates the distribution and tracing of prescription drugs and prescription drug samples at the federal level and sets minimum standards for the regulation of drug distributors by the states. The DSCA imposes requirements to ensure accountability in distribution and to identify and remove counterfeit and other illegitimate products from the market. Numerous regulatory authorities in addition to the FDA, including, in the U.S., CMS, other divisions of the HHS, the U.S. Department of Justice, and similar foreign, state and local government authorities, regulate sales, promotion and other activities following drug approval. As described above, the FDA regulates all advertising and promotion activities for drugs under its jurisdiction both prior to and after approval. Only those claims relating to safety and efficacy that the FDA has approved may be used in labeling. Physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for uses that are not described in the drug’s labeling and that differ from those tested and that the FDA approved. The FDA does not regulate the behavior of physicians in their choice of treatments, but FDA regulations do impose stringent restrictions on manufacturers’ pre-approval communications and communications regarding off-label uses. If we do not comply with applicable FDA requirements, we may face adverse publicity, enforcement action by the FDA, including corrective advertising, consent decrees and the full range of civil and criminal penalties available to the FDA. Promotion of off-label uses of drugs can also implicate the false claims laws described below. 30 In the U.S., sales, marketing and scientific/educational programs must also comply with various federal and state laws pertaining to healthcare “fraud and abuse,” including anti-kickback laws and false claims laws. Anti-kickback laws make it illegal for a prescription drug manufacturer to solicit, offer, receive, or pay any remuneration in exchange for, or to induce, the referral of business, including the purchase or prescription of a particular drug. Moreover, healthcare reform legislation has strengthened certain of these laws. For example, the Affordable Care Act, among other things, amends the intent requirement of the federal anti-kickback and criminal healthcare fraud statutes to clarify that a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the Affordable Care Act clarifies that the government may assert that a claim that includes items or services resulting from a violation of the federal anti-kickback statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal false claims statutes. False claims laws prohibit anyone from knowingly and willingly presenting, or causing to be presented for payment, to third-party payers (including Medicare and Medicaid) claims for reimbursed drugs or services that are false or fraudulent, claims for items or services not provided as claimed, or claims for medically unnecessary items or services. Our activities relating to the sale and marketing of our drugs may be subject to scrutiny under these laws. Violations of fraud and abuse laws may be punishable by criminal, civil and administrative sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, the possibility of exclusion from federal healthcare programs (including Medicare and Medicaid) and corporate integrity agreements, which impose, among other things, rigorous operational and monitoring requirements on companies. Similar sanctions and penalties also can be imposed upon executive officers and employees, including criminal sanctions against executive officers under the so-called “responsible corporate officer” doctrine, even in situations where the executive officer did not intend to violate the law and was unaware of any wrongdoing. Other healthcare laws that may affect our ability to operate include, for example, the following: ● The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996,
or HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and
Clinical Health Act, which imposes requirements relating to the privacy,
security and transmission of individually identifiable health information on
certain health care providers, health care clearinghouses, and health plans,
known as covered entities, and their covered subcontractors, known as business
associates; ● HIPAA also created additional federal criminal statutes that prohibit,
among other actions, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to
execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private
third-party payers and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or
covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious or
fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of or payment for
healthcare benefits, items or services; ● Foreign and state laws governing the privacy and security of health
information, such as the General Data Protection Regulation, or GDPR, in the EU
and UK; and the California Consumer Privacy Act, or CCPA, in California, some
of which are more stringent than HIPAA and many of which differ from each other
in significant ways and may not have the same effect; ● T he Physician Payments Sunshine Act, which requires certain
manufacturers of medicines, devices, biologics, and medical supplies to report
annually to CMS information related to payments and other transfers of value to
physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists,
and chiropractors), other healthcare providers (such as physician assistants
and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, and ownership and investment
interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; and ● Foreign laws requiring reporting on transfers of value to physicians,
which may differ from those in the U.S. Given the significant penalties and fines that can be imposed on companies and individuals if convicted, allegations of such violations often result in settlements even if the company or individual being investigated admits no wrongdoing. Settlements often include significant civil sanctions, including fines and civil monetary penalties, corporate integrity agreements, and could include criminal penalties. If the government alleged, or subsequently settled or convicted us or our executive officers of violating these laws, our business could be harmed. In addition, private individuals can bring similar actions. Our activities could be subject to challenge for the reasons discussed above and due to the broad scope of these laws and the increasing attention being given to them by law enforcement authorities. As described above, other healthcare laws that may affect our operations include HIPAA, analogous state laws governing the privacy and security of health information, some of which are more stringent than HIPAA and many of which differ from each other in significant ways and may not have the same effect, and the Physician Payments Sunshine Act. Further, there are an increasing number of state laws that require manufacturers to make reports to states on pricing and marketing information. Many of these laws contain ambiguities as to what is required to comply with the laws. Given the lack of clarity in laws and their implementation, our reporting actions could be subject to the penalty provisions of the pertinent state authorities. 31 Similar rigid (and in some areas, heightened) restrictions are imposed on the promotion and marketing of drugs in the E.U. and other countries. Even in those countries where we may not be directly responsible for the promotion and marketing of our medicines, if our potential international distribution partners engage in inappropriate activity, it can have adverse implications for us. As discussed above, both the federal and state governments in the U.S. and foreign governments continue to propose and pass new legislation and regulations designed to contain or reduce the cost of healthcare, which may impact these laws. Further, such laws may be subject to future amendments, updated guidance or varying interpretations. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or FCPA, prohibits certain individuals and entities, including us, from promising, paying, offering to pay, or authorizing the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, directly or indirectly, to obtain or retain business or an improper advantage. The FCPA also requires publicly traded companies to maintain accurate books and records and establish and maintain a system of internal accounting controls. If we violate the FCPA, it could result in large civil and criminal penalties as well as have an adverse effect on our reputation, operations, and financial condition. We could also face collateral consequences such as debarment and the loss of export privileges. In addition, in many other countries, the healthcare providers who conduct clinical trials or prescribe pharmaceuticals are employed by their government, and the purchasers of pharmaceuticals are government entities; therefore, any dealings with these prescribers and purchasers may be subject to regulation under the FCPA. There is no certainty that all employees and third-party business partners (including our contract research organizations, contract manufacturing organizations, distributors, wholesalers, agents, contractors and other partners) will comply with the FCPA or local anti-bribery laws. Importantly, we do not control the actions of contract manufacturers and other third-party agents, although we may be liable for their actions. Competition Our Business in General Some of our medicines may compete with existing therapies for market share and some of our medicines in development may compete for patients in clinical trials. In addition, there are a number of companies pursuing the development of genetic medicines and the development of pharmaceuticals utilizing these technologies. These companies include biopharmaceutical companies and large pharmaceutical companies acting either independently or together. Our medicines are differentiated from traditional small molecule medicines by their chemistry, how they move in the body, how they act in the body, delivery technology, and formulations. Our commercial medicines and our medicines in development address numerous markets. The diseases our medicines target for which we have or may receive marketing authorization will determine our competition. For some of our medicines, an important factor may be the timing of market introduction of competitive products. Accordingly, the relative speed with which we can develop medicines, complete the clinical trials and marketing authorization processes and supply commercial quantities of the medicines to the market are important competitive factors. We expect to compete with products approved for sale based on a variety of factors, including, among other things, product efficacy, safety, mechanism of action, dosing administration, marketing and sales strategy and tactics, availability, price, and reimbursement. Below we have included what we believe to be medicines that compete or may compete directly with our marketed medicines and late-stage medicines. We included competitors and potential competitors that are past Phase 1 development. 32 Marketed Medicines TRYNGOLZA/Olezarsen and WAYLIVRA We believe that the following medicines could compete with TRYNGOLZA/olezarsen and WAYLIVRA in FCS and sHTG: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Redemplo

      (Plozasiran) Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Targets APOCIII by utilizing Targeted RNAi Molecule Platform Approved in U.S. for FCS,

      under review in the EU for FCS, Phase 3 sHTG Subcutaneous Injection Pegozafermin Roche FGF21 analog Phase 3 sHTG Subcutaneous Injection NST-1024 NorthSea Therapeutics CETP Inhibitor Phase 2 sHTG Oral Solbinsiran Eli Lilly ANGPTL3 inhibitor; siRNA Phase 2 sHTG Subcutaneous Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. DAWNZERA We believe that the following medicines could compete with DAWNZERA as a prophylactic treatment for patients with HAE: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Takhzyro (lanadelumab-flyo) Takeda A monoclonal antibody that inhibits plasma kallikrein activity Approved for HAE patients two years and older Subcutaneous Injection Cinryze (C1 esterase inhibitor) Takeda A human plasma protein that mediates inflammation and coagulation Approved for HAE patients six years and older Intravenous Infusion Orladeyo

      (berotralstat) BioCryst Oral plasma kallikrein inhibitor Approved for HAE patients 12 years and older Oral Andembry (Garadacimab) CSL Behring An anti-factor XIIa monoclonal antibody Approved for HAE patients 12 years and older Subcutaneous Injection Haegarda (C1 esterase inhibitor) CSL Behring C1 esterase inhibitor Approved for HAE patients 6 years and older Subcutaneous Injection Deucrictibant Pharvaris An oral B2-receptor antagonist Phase 3 Oral Lonvoguranziclumeran (lonvo-z) (NTLA-2002) Intellia CRISPR therapeutic candidate designed to inactivate the kallikrein B1 gene Phase 3 Intravenous Infusion STAR-0215 (Navenibart) Astria/BioCryst A monoclonal antibody inhibitor of plasma kallikrein Phase3 Subcutaneous Injection ADX-324 ADARx An siRNA designed to reduce the product of PKK Phase 3 Subcutaneous Injection BW-20805 Argo An siRNA designed to reduce the product of PKK Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. 33 WAINUA/Eplontersen and TEGSEDI We consider the following medicines as competitors and potential future competitors to WAINUA/eplontersen and TEGSEDI for ATTRv-PN and/or ATTR-CM: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Onpattro

      (Patisiran) Alnylam An RNAi medicine formulated with lipid nanoparticles to inhibit TTR mRNA Approved in U.S., EU, Japan and select other markets for ATTRv-PN Intravenous Infusion Vyndaqel/Vyndamax

      (Tafamidis and tafamidis meglumine) Pfizer A small molecule medicine to stabilize TTR protein Approved in EU, Japan and select other markets for ATTRv-PN (not approved in the U.S.); ATTR-CM approved in the U.S., EU and other geographies Oral Amvuttra

      (Vutrisiran) Alnylam An RNAi medicine conjugated with GalNAc to inhibit TTR mRNA Approved for ATTRv-PN and ATTR-CM in the U.S., EU and Japan Subcutaneous Injection Attruby (Acoramidis) BridgeBio Small molecule that binds and stabilizes TTR in the blood Approved in U.S., EU and Japan for ATTR-CM Oral NTLA-2001 (Nexiguran Ziclumeran (nex-z)) Intellia/ Regeneron CRISPR therapeutic candidate designed to reduce circulating TTR protein levels Phase 3 ATTR-CM,

      Phase 3 ATTRv-PN Intravenous Infusion Cliramitug (ALXN2220) AstraZeneca A monoclonal IgG1 which acts by depleting TTR protein Phase 3 ATTR-CM Intravenous Infusion Coramitug (NNC6019-0001) Novo Nordisk A monoclonal antibody to deplete amyloid Phase 3 ATTR-CM Intravenous Infusion Nucresiran Alnylam Third generation RNAi TTR therapy Phase 3 ATTR-CM Subcutaneous Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. SPINRAZA We consider the following medicines as competitors to SPINRAZA for the indication of SMA: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Zolgensma

      (Onasemnogene abeparvovec) Novartis Gene therapy targeting the genetic root cause of SMA by replacing the missing or nonworking SMN1 gene Approved for pediatric SMA patients less than 2 years of age Intravenous Infusion Evrysdi

      (Risdiplam) Roche A small molecule medicine that modulates splicing of the SMN2 gene Approved for SMA in pediatric and adult patients Oral Itvisma
      (Onasemnogene abeparvovec) Novartis Gene therapy targeting the genetic root cause of SMA by replacing the missing or nonworking SMN1 gene Approved for SMA in pediatric and adult patients Intrathecal Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. 34 QALSODY We believe that the following medicine could compete with QALSODY in SOD1-ALS: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) AP-101 Neurimmune (AL-S Pharma) / Lilly A human derived antibody targeting misfolded SOD1 Phase 2 Intravenous Infusion (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. Late-Stage Ionis-Owned Programs Zilganersen We are not aware of any medicines in clinical development for AxD other than zilganersen. Obudanersen We believe that the following medicines could compete with obudanersen in Angelman syndrome: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Apazunersen (GTX-102) Ultragenyx An ASO designed to inhibit expression of UBE3A-ATS Phase 3 Intrathecal Rugonersen Oak Hill Bio / Roche A locked nucleic acid that targets UBE3A gene Phase 3 Intrathecal Alogabat Roche A small molecule that is GABA A alpha 5 receptor modulator Phase 2 Oral NNZ-2591 Neuren A small molecule, cGP analog, that targets IGF-1 Phase 2 Oral MVX-220 MavriX Bio Hu68AAV gene therapy designed to deliver the human UBE3A gene to neurons Phase 1/2 Intra Cisterna Magna Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. 35 Late-Stage Partnered Programs Bepirovirsen We believe that the following medicines could compete with bepirovirsen in HBV: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Elebsiran

      (VIR-2218) Vir Biotech / Alnylam RNAi therapeutic to reduce HBV viral antigens Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection Imdusiran

      (AB-729) Arbutus Biopharma RNAi therapeutic to reduce HBV viral antigens Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection Tobevibart

      (VIR-3434) Vir Biotech Monoclonal antibody neutralizing hepatitis B virus Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection Selgantolimod Gilead Sciences Toll-like receptor 8 agonist Phase 2 Oral REP 2139-Mg Replicor Inc. Nucleic acid polymer that blocks the assembly of subviral particles (SVPs) in hepatocytes Phase 2 Intravenous Infusion / Subcutaneous Injection VTP-300 Barinthus Bio Antigen-specific immunotherapy Phase 2 Intramuscular Injection BRII-179 Brii Biosciences Recombinant protein-based immunotherapy Phase 2 Intramuscular Injection Pevifoscorvir sodium (ALG-000184) Aligos Capsid assembly modulator (CAM-E) Phase 2 Oral AHB-137 AusperBio Antisense oligonucleotide targeting HBV RNA Phase 3 (China) Subcutaneous Injection (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. Pelacarsen We believe that the following medicines could compete with pelacarsen in CVD in patients with elevated Lp(a): Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Olpasiran Amgen/ Arrowhead RNAi therapeutic designed to lower Lp(a) Phase 3 Subcutaneous Injection Lepodisiran Eli Lilly RNAi therapeutic designed to lower Lp(a) Phase 3 Subcutaneous Injection Muvalaplin Eli Lilly Small molecule therapy to lower Lp(a) Phase 3 Oral DII235 Argo Biopharmaceutical RNAi therapeutic designed to lower Lp(a) Phase 3 ready Subcutaneous Injection Zerlasiran Silence RNAi therapeutic designed to lower Lp(a) Phase 2 Subcutaneous Injection Obicetrapib NewAmsterdam Pharma CETP inhibitor Phase 2 Oral (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. 36 Sefaxersen We believe that the following medicines could compete with sefaxersen in IgAN: Medicine Company Medicine Description (1) Phase (1) Route of Administration (1) Tarpeyo (budesonide) Asahi Kasei (Calliditas) A corticosteroid indicated to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN Approved to slow kidney-function decline in adults with IgAN Oral Filspari (Sparsentan) Travere An endothelin & angiotensin II receptor antagonist to reduce proteinuria in adults with primary IgAN Approved to slow kidney-function decline in adults with IgAN Oral Fabhalta

      (Iptacopan) Novartis (Chinook) A factor B inhibitor of the alternative complement pathway Approved to reduce proteinuria in adults with IgAN Oral Vanrafia (Atrasentan) Novartis (Chinook) An endothelin A receptor antagonist Approved to reduce proteinuria in adults with IgAN Oral Voyxact (Sibeprenlimab) Otsuka (Visterra) A humanized IgG2 monoclonal antibody that inhibits APRIL Approved to reduce proteinuria in adults with IgAN Subcutaneous Injection Zigakibart Novartis (Chinook) An anti-APRIL monoclonal antibody Phase 3 (IgAN) Subcutaneous Injection Atacicept Vera A recombinant fusion protein a dual inhibitor of BLyS and APRIL Phase 3 (IgAN) Subcutaneous Injection Ravulizumab Alexion (AstraZeneca) A humanized monoclonal antibody to complement factor 5 Phase 3 (IgAN) Subcutaneous Injection Povetacicept Vertex (Alpine) A dual BAFF and APRIL inhibitor Phase 3 (IgAN) Intravenous Infusion / Subcutaneous Injection Telitacicept RemeGen A dual BAFF and APRIL inhibitor Phase 3 (IgAN) Subcutaneous Injection Felzartamab Biogen (Hi-Bio) A monoclonal antibody directed against CD38 Phase 3 (IgAN) Intravenous Infusion Mezagitamab Takeda anti-CD38 IgG1 monoclonal antibody Phase 3 Subcutaneous Injection WAL0921 Walden Biosciences uPAR antagonist monoclonal antibody Phase 2 Intravenous Infusion (1) Taken from public documents including respective company press releases, company presentations, and scientific presentations. Ulefnersen We are not aware of any medicines in clinical development for FUS-ALS other than ulefnersen. Corporate Responsibility Initiatives We believe operating responsibly and sustainably creates long-term value for our company and our stakeholders. We recognize the importance of Corporate Responsibility, or CR, and Environmental, Social and Governance, or ESG, initiatives as it relates to our business strategy and risk assessment. We continue to evolve our CR program and established three strategic CR pillars and associated goals to guide our approach and provide a framework for reporting on our performance. We began reporting on CR metrics in 2021 and have continued to expand disclosure since then. In 2025, we reported progress on our CR goals aligned to the three strategic CR pillars that we believe are most important to our business: 37 Ionis Corporate Responsibility Strategic Pillars Innovate to improve the lives

      of people with serious diseases Empowering our

      employees and communities Operating

      responsibly and sustainably We innovate across the business and work tirelessly to discover, develop and deliver important new medicines for people with serious diseases. We are committed to fostering an inclusive culture that drives excellence, embraces diversity, and supports our communities. We operate with integrity to help create a better, more sustainable future for all through environmental stewardship and responsible business practices and stakeholder interactions. ● Innovation and R&D ● Access and Affordability ● Patient Advocacy and Engagement ● Workplace Culture, Talent Attraction and Development ● Inclusion and Belonging ● Social Impact and Community Engagement ● Environmental Sustainability ● Governance and Integrity ● Data Privacy and Cybersecurity Our CR initiatives are driven by our Chief Executive Officer and executive-level CR Steering Committee, or CR Committee. The CR Committee consists of senior leaders in key functions across the company, including legal, finance, investor relations, human resources, research and development, manufacturing, commercial, compliance and corporate affairs. The CR Committee is part of our governance framework, which defines responsibilities and ensures we have the right systems and controls to oversee ethical and sustainable operations across our business. Our Board of Directors, specifically the Nominating, Governance and Review Committee, has oversight of our overall CR strategy and material CR risks and opportunities as outlined in the Committee’s charter. The Board receives updates related to corporate governance and corporate responsibility from the CR Committee at least once annually. We look to our stakeholders and third-party frameworks such as the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board Health Care – Biotechnology and Pharmaceuticals Standard and the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures to inform our approach and our disclosures. We continue to share progress on our CR goals and more details on our initiatives in our 2025 CR Report, which we expect to publish in April 2026 and will be available on our website. Nothing in the report or on our website shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Employees and Human Capital As of February 19, 2026, we employed 1,402 people, the vast majority of whom reside in the U.S. A significant number of our management and professional employees have had prior experience with pharmaceutical, biotechnology or medical product companies. Our average employee turnover rate in 2025 was 7 percent, while the turnover for life sciences and medical device companies over this period was 20 percent according to a survey published by Radford – an Aon Hewitt Company. Given the uniqueness and complexity of our technology, it is critical to retain the knowledge and experience of outstanding long service employees. The experience and seniority of our employees is as critical to our future success as it has been to the success we have enjoyed to date. Collective bargaining agreements do not cover any of our employees, and management considers relations with our employees to be good. We believe that the future will be defined by outstanding people and we are committed to recruiting, developing, motivating, and rewarding them. We encourage you to visit our website for more detailed information regarding our Human Capital programs and initiatives. Nothing on our website shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 38 Benefits We reward our employees individually on the basis of their responsibilities and accomplishments. We offer competitive compensation and benefits to our employees. In addition to salary and bonus programs, we also offer: ● Comprehensive medical, dental and vision insurance; ● 401(k) matching; ● Stock options, RSUs and an Employee Stock Purchase Plan, or ESPP; ● Vacation, holiday, sick time and paid time off for volunteering; ● Wellness programs; ● Flexible spending accounts for health and dependent day care needs; ● Family care benefits; ● Life, AD&D insurance and long-term disability insurance coverage options; and ● Employee Assistance Program, or EAP. We recognize achievements with salary increases, equity awards, promotions, and bonus opportunities. Pay Equity We are committed to paying our employees fairly, regardless of their gender, ethnicity, race, age or other personal characteristics. To ensure we are achieving our commitment, we benchmark and evaluate pay based on market data and consider factors such as an employee’s role and experience, an employee’s performance and internal equity. We also regularly review our compensation practices, in terms of our overall workforce and individual employees, to ensure our pay is fair and equitable. Our 2025 pay equity analysis confirmed that compensation for employees performing the same or similar work shows no statistically significant differences based on gender, ethnicity, race or age. A Culture of Inclusion At Ionis, prejudicial barriers to human potential and productivity are foreign to our values. We recognize that for the full potential of our workforce to be realized, we must cultivate an inclusive culture where all employees feel empowered to contribute fully in an environment that values different perspectives, leading to better ​​​​​​​ideas and increased innovation. We have several employee-led resource groups dedicated to supporting engagement and empowerment and a diverse management team and board of directors. From our Executive Leadership Team to our newest hire, we strive for an environment where our employees feel a strong sense of belonging in our organization. Training and Development We designed our training and development programs to help employees gain important Ionis knowledge and develop the skills to be successful at Ionis. All of our trainings from new hire through senior leader, are focused on the Ionis culture and core principles and learning what we mean when we say: “Working the Ionis Way.” We empower our employees to build rewarding careers at Ionis, driven by a culture of having a bias to act that encourages personal and professional employee growth. Ionis offers robust training opportunities with course offerings and events available to every employee regardless of level or function. In addition, employees also have access to Ionis’ learning and development library that houses important information on career growth and planning. By supporting our employees, we know that each professional development milestone enables our continued success. 39

